With increasing numbers of people taking to the skies, some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk. Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased .
Next level drunk: Intoxicated Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!'
Freedman has impressed at the City Ground since replacing Stuart Pearce in February .
Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs including Liverpool and PSG, according to his agent . Neto joined Fiorentina from Atletico Paranaense in 2011 and established himself as No1 in the last two seasons.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. His tell-all interview will also be one of Sawyer's first forays back to TV news following the death of her husband, acclaimed director Mike Nichols, following a heart attack last November.
This is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant  pig out of a garden swimming pool. Firefighters were also called out to a horse which had fallen into a swimming pool in Heyshott, West Sussex .
Figures show that while millions still tune in, they listen for much shorter bursts. The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014, according to official figures. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week.
Co-star John Stamos announced Monday night on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House."
Reanne Evans shakes hands with Ken Doherty following his 10-8 victory at Ponds Forge . Evans plays a shot during her world championship qualifying match against Doherty . Doherty, who won the World Championship title back in 1997, took out the first frame 71-15 . She lost the first frame convincingly but the nerves didn't show after that. Doherty, now ranked No 46 in the world, showed his experience to close out the contest .
A gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls. The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire. Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them. The girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang  at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'.
Tunisian skipper Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his  boat capsized in the Mediterranean. Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue. As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn. He has been charged with multiple manslaughter . Victims: Malek watches some of the bodies being taken off the rescue ship for burial in Malta .
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. 'It is an amazing apparatus, one I haven't seen before - so innovative and creative,' he wrote on Facebook.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
(CNN)Warren Weinstein, who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda, was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. According to the official, nothing came of those feelers. Who was Warren Weinstein?
A thief nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook'  who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested. She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst Aussie clothing brands and companies for their ongoing exploitation of overseas workers . Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performers . 'Furthermore, 91 per cent of companies still don't know where all their cotton comes from and 75 per cent don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs.
Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium in a U21 Premier League clash. Jack Wilshere, pictured in first team training last week, starts for Arsenal Under 21s on Tuesday night . Club captain Mikel Arteta (left) is also in the team to play against Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium .
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van, but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. Today, the man who pushed Mr Prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was ‘a few cheap packets of cigarettes’. Mr Prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off. All have now been jailed .
However, the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds. The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest.
They probably didn't know what to feed it or whether one could eat it,' Galik said. In addition to horses, the Ottoman army also used camels for transportation and as riding animals.
I wouldn't, and neither did Ben Affleck, who lobbied producers of a PBS show, "Finding Your Roots," to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather Benjamin Cole, a Georgia slave owner in the mid-1800's, in an episode that looked at Affleck's family history. And PBS had the choice to include it or leave it out.
Wanted: A police e-fit image of millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay, who is thought to have made £72m with his accomplice Mered Medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years . I don't know what happened – they probably died.'
‘She was walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain. On that occasion, Princesses . Beatrice and her sister Eugenie, were seen chatting animatedly to the king’s wife, Princess Sabeeka bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa. She quit her last one, a £19,500-a-year post at Sony Entertainment Pictures, amid claims she was targeted by a North Korean cyber-attack on the firm. She had already been spotted in New York in January before hitting the ski slopes of Aspen, Colorado, the following month. November 28 .
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen, on his last day in office, told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the U.S. Constitution's Fifth Amendment, even though she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up during a May 22, 2013 hearing. Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years. Machen told Boehner on Tuesday that since Lerner had only made 'general claims of innocence,' she was within her rights to refuse to answer questions. Machen's March 31 letter arrived on Capitol Hill just a day before his resignation took effect after a five-year stint as Washington, D.C.'s top federal prosecutor inside the Justice Department.
McGurk did not rule out expanding U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat the increasing regional threat. But McGurk said that Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is making progress getting Sunni tribes to support a planned Iraqi offensive against ISIS in Anbar province in the coming weeks.
David Cameron has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years Nigel Farage suggested today. He added: ‘Any man who can reverse the greying process I’m jealous of.
Now Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham. They trade the eggs in for candy . The device: Bomb expert David Hyche put a transmitter in a plastic egg so his daughter could join the fun .
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times. Gallmon made an initial appearance on the felony murder charge Superior Court in DC on Thursday.
The families of victims of Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe are furious at plans to move him from Broadmoor to a low-security Priory unit. The killer, who believed he was on a 'mission from God' to kill sex workers, was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in 1984.
Militants fighting for the Islamic State terror group in Syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak English - something the NHS still hasn't introduced. Revealing plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa, the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers. This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced, despite legislation being passed last month making them a legal requirement. Jihadis: ISIS has English language rules for all nurses.
Kevin Streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas . Woods played in the Masters par-three contest at Augusta National for the first time in 11 years .
The boy's stone attack came as violence erupted  on the northern West Bank during annual demonstrations to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day. With Israel having arrested some 800,000 Palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 - equivalent to 40 percent of the male population - almost every Palestinian family has been affected.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's battling 2-2 draw .
A Melbourne penthouse apartment in the Australia 108 complex that boasts 360 degree views of the city has been sold for $25 million to a Chinese businessman . The Melbourne apartment, which is spread across the entire 100th floor of skyscraper Australia 108, is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . Construction has started on the building, which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects, and is due to be completed by 2019.
Here's hoping: Jewelry brand Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil (L) and sterling silver (R) and retails for $198 and $148, respectively .
It was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel. Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd.
A good smattering! Definitely no 'scything' here...Aidan's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for BBC comedy drama Being Human, which aired earlier this year . Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate. One viewer, @AidanTurner_Fan, remarked that she would rather see her favourite star with a full rug: 'Asked to shave his chest hair off?!!
Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time. The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day, according to the pollsters Survation.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction. 'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair. The a**holeparent website features similar images, with children crying over the small details in life.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic made a slow start against Gabriel Gonzaga . In the co-main event, London's Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz.
James Corden (centre) posted a picture alongside Odell Beckham Jnr (left) and David Beckham via Twitter . Both Beckhams, who are of no relation, were pictured in America with the 36-year-old - who is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the States. David Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on James Corden's Late Late Show in America last month .
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala . Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain . Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini watched the Serie A match between Parma and  Palermo on Sunday .
Blaze: The scene in Holborn today, where a fire has been raging for more than 24 hours . More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the Easter weekend.
Leandro Marin (left) gave Boca Juniors the lead with a headed finish in the final minute . Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16 .
Former Queens Park Rangers chairman Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade. Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Tomlin (centre) is mobbed by his Middlesbrough team-mates after his fine solo effort gives them the lead . Patrick Bamford (left) doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish . However, the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved .
James May, 52, revealed he had prematurely celebrated the three-year deal by ordering a rare  £200,000 Ferrari before Clarkson's sacking after an infamous 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon. May says he had ordered the last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale - in bright orange - while the 'draft version' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'. But after Clarkson punched Tymon in a rage over a hot meal, the offer was taken off the table.
Steven Finn believes he's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place . When I was running up as a carefree 21-year-old, I just legged it into the crease. The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season, but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps, the last of which he won back in 2013.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 . Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull, with tries from Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van unable to prevent Widnes from falling to a fifth away defeat out of five.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50. In their view, a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6,000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks. The skeptics also warn of the dangers of consuming too little - they say that below 3,000 milligrams also raises health risks.
The three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder.
'I could take Benitez, but I'd have to take him to see a dietician first,' Ferrero told Radio Crc. Sampdoria travel to face Napoli on Sunday trailing Benitez's side by three points, but Ferrero said he would rather keep hold of the Serbian Mihajlovic, who has guided the Genoa-based club from relegation candidates to European contenders in 18 months.
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers and insisted he had 'a lot to offer this country'. Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the Labour politician's mother. The Prince opens by joking that he has 'been overdoing the quota' of letters to the Deputy PM.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month, likely to take place in Lahore and Karachi. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009 - when six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
Adweek reports that the bloggers received ‘unspecified compensation’ in return for giving the dress their seal of approval. The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . The Lord & Taylor deal highlights the gray area of bloggers receiving payment for promoting some goods and services, while others they lend their credability to for free.
Danny Willett waits to play a shot on the fifth during the first round at 2015 Masters on Thursday . The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta .
Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature.
Nathaniel Clyne has impressed for Southampton this season and has been linked with move away . 'I am an ambitious person and I want to play Champions League football.
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer. Heatlie (pictured above) pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack .
As rescuers faced a desperate race against time to airlift stranded climbers off the world's highest peak after the devastating earthquake on Saturday night, Selina Dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp. Tragedy: Miss Dicker, front left, was part of the same climbing party as Google Executive Dan Fredinburg, far top right, who died in the avalanche on Saturday . Amanda Holden said her sister was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness.
THE INTERNET IS FOREVER: A social media staffer to Donald Trump retweeted an off-color jab at Hillary Clinton on Thursday before the boss deleted it . His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible. 'It was retweeted by one of ten staff members that periodically help execute on Mr. Trump’s various social media platforms.' 'As soon as Mr. Trump saw the tweet he deleted it,' the spokesperson added.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan also harshly condemned the attack, describing it as the Kurdish separatists' attempt to "intervene in the resolution process (with the Kurds) in our country." Since the first incidents more than three decades ago, an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost.
After running 150 chemical tests, an expert claims to have linked the James Ossuary (pictured) – a 1st-century chalk box that was used for containing the bones of the dead – to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood . But it stands out because it bears the inscription 'James, son of Joseph, brother of Jesus' on one side.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls, which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country. Retro: The original 1959 Barbie Doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this Saturday in Australia . Special offer: Myer City stores in Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide will offer the first 100 customers the doll for the original 1959 price of $3.00 .
Nicola Sturgeon will today launch an extraordinary bid to ‘lead the UK’ as she unveils a string of policies apparently tailor-made for a power-sharing deal with Labour. Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left, including halting the roll-out of Iain Duncan Smith’s popular changes to benefits and cancelling the Trident nuclear weapons system.
A survey of 1,000 British companies revealed almost half are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant, fearing 'they're lazy', and 'unable to fulfil their roles as required', because of their weight . In December European judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability, after a case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, pictured, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat .
Napoli shrugged off the disappointment of a disallowed ghost goal to push on and beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place. Palermo's Luca Rigoni celebrates an important goal as they record just their second away win of the season .
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death. Peter Gardner (left) and Kalynda Davis (right) were apprehended in Guangzhou. Do you know more? Ms Davis was freed without charge following a traumatic month in a Chinese prison last year where she was forced to crop her hair short.
UEFA has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi. Scotland currently sit third in Group D, a point behind leaders Poland.
Likewise, the fact he has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide has not gone down well at Arsenal. Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling's contract talks closely.
Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place, and kept the pressure up on leaders Chelsea, as they held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor. Tom Heaton: Saved well from Ozil in the build-up to Arsenal’s goal but was unfortunate his defenders could not clear. Ben Mee was booked in the first half for a blatant block on Aaron Ramsey, but responded well . George Boyd, who missed a great chance for Burnley on the half-volley, tackles Francis Coquelin . Arsenal .
Van Persie Snr. posted the video on his Instagram account, which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former Colombia keeper Rene Higuita before celebrating with some Grease-inspired dance moves - much to the amusement of his dad.
For her latest collaboration with adidas Originals, Rita has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them. The print itself is inspired by Asian culture and one of its most recognisable symbols. I’m so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had so far, I’m excited to see what the future will hold.'
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. A stunning Ferrari - which is almost identical to the model driven in cult eighties classic film Ferris Bueller's Day Off is up for auction .
A robot has been 'arrested' by Swiss police after it bought a supply of illegal drugs on a hidden region of the internet known as the 'dark net'. However, it seems the Random Darknet Shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets, which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a DVD case. It was sent from Germany to Switzerland and apparently crossed the border hidden in a DVD case without being intercepted by the authorities.
A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 and a total of 177 received more than £200,000. The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers’ money paid to dentists for NHS work, following Labour’s introduction of controversial contracts in 2006. Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’.
Analysts from the Institute for Fiscal Studies said none of the major parties had given 'anything like full details' on how they will tackle the nations' debts after the election. The Tories were accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts, while Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you don't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment. But trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas Boost shoes that have gone on sale for £130. THE TRAINERS .
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician, when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane. He was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries. The inquest continues.
FA chairman Greg Dyke could axe the England C team to save money to help improve grassroots football . George Boyd (right) played for the England C team before switching allegiances and playing for Scotland .
British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as Burger King, Pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the Turkish border into Syria. Another photo posted on his page showed chocolate, Pringles and even cans of pre-mixed mojitos . Even McDonalds has been smuggled across from Turkey to accommodate ISIS fighters' love of the American fast food chain . Turkish and other security services estimate some 600 are .
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . There are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter's birthday. Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach . I suspected it was cleaning fluid.'
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki (pictured) said US's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase .
West Ham are discussing a deal for Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford after he impressed on trial. Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
The body of Kyle Knox has been found near the foot of Ben Nevis three weeks after he disappeared . Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. There was also snow on the mountain's peak.
Luke has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park, with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night. According the Herald Sun, the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .
Hall, who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother, Catherine Daniels, called police to take him to a mental health unit, reports Fusion. The footage shot from inside the car appears to show Hall running past the car with two officers in pursuit . But Hall's lawyers argue that the police used 'excessive force' after he ran away from them.
Mobile phones and tablet computers are becoming dangerous distractions for parents who are supposed to be supervising their children, researchers claim. A study found youngsters were more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them were distracted – with texting or talking on the phone a common cause. The researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first.
Victim: Fife council workers looked at Mikaeel Kular's (left) confidential files after he was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya (right) Police Scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched by Fife Council last year when up to 25 staff were alleged to have accessed confidential social work files belonging to the youngster.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told the 18-year-old, from Sierra Leone, that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him. He told me he can help me. Sergeant: Mee denies assaulting the women between 2010 and 2011 .
common agenda, Russian president Vladimir Putin said on Saturday . that unites us, that forces us to work together,' Putin said. more democratic, measured and balanced, so that the world order . His latest remark comes two days after an annual TV phone-in . dominate world affairs, saying it wanted 'not allies, but . vassals'.
Real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend, during which they cut the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points, and the European Champions were further boosted by the return from injury of Wales winger Gareth Bale. Cristiano Ronaldo pulls a face at Brazilian left back Marcelo during Real Madrid training on Monday morning . Ronaldo applauds a team-mate as Luka Modric watches on ahead of Tuesday's Champions League clash .
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewkesbury, pictured, to make the changes to their SATs exam answers . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off. After the suspected breach of exam rules, school officials were tipped off, resulting in an investigation being launched in June.
Ibrahimovic is PSG's main attraction and will take centre stage against his old club Barcelona on Tuesday . The former Barcelona striker jumps for joy after scoirng against Bastia in the French League Cup final . He spent a season at the Nou Camp in 2009/10.
Jameela thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus, an auto-immune condition which can cause inflammation and swelling in the joints and other parts of the body. In fact, the tests suggested she had high levels of mercury.
Christopher Bridger, 25, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as 'a serious breach of trust'.
Thiago Silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury and will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice .
DARPA says the smart bullets will also help shooters who are trying, for example, to hit targets in high winds. The goals of the EXACTO program are giving shooters accuracy at greater distances, engaging targets sooner and enhancing the safety of American  troops, DARPA said.
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying  20st 3lb. Before her weight loss Kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 . Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks .
EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walk-out, which will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours - with considerable knock-on disruption expected. Air France said up to 40 per cent of its medium haul flights to and from Paris CDG will be cancelled.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in just six years with the La Liga giants . The Portuguese forward is catching Raul's (l) club record and is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano (r) Ronaldo heads home his 300th goal for the club - against Rayo Vallecano at the Vallecas Stadium in Madrid . 8) Lionel Messi, Barcelona (2004-present) 398* . An attacking midfielder in the top 10?
Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open on Tuesday . David Ferrer celebrates after defeating Gilles Simon to book his place in the last eight . Andy Murray was given a celebratory cake to mark 500 wins on the ATP circuit after beating Kevin Anderson .
Jimmy Anderson (right) is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record . Jerome Taylor celebrates dismissing Stokes to take West Indies' first wicket of the day in Antigua . Jos Buttler fell for a duck despite facing 22 deliveries on the second morning at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium . West Indies fast bowler celebrates after dismissing Buttler for a duck on day two of the first Test . Stuart Broad was England's ninth wicket to fall before Anderson fell for 20 with the score on 399 . Anderson celebrates after seeing Devon Smith edge behind to Buttler to take England's first wicket . We are all still waiting.
Adam netted one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history as he lobbed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time. Stoke ended up losing 2-1 at Stamford Bridge as Loic Remy (left) scored the winner for Chelsea . Adam added: 'It's going to be a tough game.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. Eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud.
Abortion advocate: Girls actress Jemima Kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights . Costly procedure: Jemima says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia . 'Because I couldn't tell my mother that I was pregnant, I had to pay for it out of pocket,' she explains.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward', trapping her under the wheels. Scene: Mrs Wood, of Knottingley, West Yorkshire, was on a shopping trip with her younger sister, who was also injured .
She says she made small talk with the man who answered the query to fill 'dead air', but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him. The 21-year-old was stunned when she later received a string of messages from the man, who said his name is 'Miguel'.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round. The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen's members as part of the deal to play the tie there. British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer .
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by Roy Hodgson. The Southampton defender has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United . Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha poses with a WWE title belt during the event on Monday night .
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic. Police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on Saturday. The Poland international, now 25, was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands, 'Lemon', who delivered a private performance. Szczesny is joined by friends and family for a special 25th birthday surprise following the FA Cup semi-final .
Tearful memory: Brian Bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son . Amanda told WAVE she rushed home and held her sons lifeless and bloodied body for hours.
Englishman Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs . Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu . Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament .
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed, fire department battalion chief Daryl Rutter told Daily Mail Online. Thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration . The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation, which rents out the church space. The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Death row: Kent Sprouse gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt, 28, at a gas station outside of Dallas before also shooting dead a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002 . In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family and the Steinfeldt family for all of the trouble I have caused them.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. His total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his Google compensation was valued at $19.3 million. The hefty raise came in a year that saw Google's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company's big spending on far-flung projects.
The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats providing the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence. The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a Homeden original.
'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said. Seth told Daily Mail Online that 'I love and respect my father very much, but sometimes we have political disagreements, just as many families do.' The unusual move – sending the legislation back without actually vetoing it – means Hutchinson doesn't risk a veto-override in the state legislature. 'This is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial, but these are not ordinary times,' he said Wednesday as Americans watched his quick 180-degree turn.
As well as the situation in the Baltics, two other potential flashpoints were reportedly identified that could lead to nuclear war between Russia and the West: the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, and any future attempt to return the annexed Crimean peninsula to Ukraine. 'The Russian people would demand a forceful response [to such advances]', the Kremlin intelligence chiefs reportedly added.
Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday and left The Oval after training finished just before 2pm . Pietersen was later pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm and is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with  a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead - marking the heaviest rainfall the area has seen in 100 years. Four houses in the town were washed away in the raging murky storm waters while a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat. Bondi’s famous beach was forced to close after high winds blew large amounts of sand onto nearby roads and promenades.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing before getting physical with the customer . 'You wanna get slapped?' the employee repeatedly asks the customer while standing next to her in an intimidating manner .
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year's Games. There is an overwhelming stench coming from the lake and authorities and biologists have argued about about the cause of the deaths .
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets. In his tweets, the SBS football journalist condemned Anzac day as an 'imperialist invasion.' 'Remembering the summary execution, widespread rape and theft committed by these 'brave' Anzacs in Egypt, Palestine and Japan,' he tweeted. 'SBS apologises for any offence or harm caused by Mr McIntyre's comments which in no way reflect the views of the network.
Lawsuit: Jack Dellal left his whole estate to wife Ruanne, but she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just £1.7million . Her late husband, known as ‘Black Jack’, was a regular at the gaming tables of casinos in Mayfair and Monaco and gambled £1.7million in a single night in 2006.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, an oil company manager, had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in New Orleans, Louisiana, on Wednesday. But moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight, they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of Metairie. Police believe it was a botched burglary . Nicholas was shot in the face and back. They got along with everybody.'
This eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. Turia told Daily Mail Australia Seng was 'for sure' one of her inspirations in working for Interplast . Fitter and stronger than ever: Turia Pitt's recovery from the horrific burns that left her clinging to life is inspirational. She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 Kimberley blaze . Turia, who has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames, believes Australians take their medical system for granted. She is hoping to compete in the 2016 Melbourne Ironman. On Thursday, Turia will hold a gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight, Interplast.
Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if their pursuit of Manchester City pair Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure fails. Roberto Mancini remains keen on the Manchester City duo he worked with while he was at the club .
Miss Buckley was found dead on a farm north of Glasgow after going missing from a nightclub in the city . Four women embrace in George Square where hundreds of mourners gathered today for a silent vigil . A 21-year-old man was arrested in connection with Ms Buckley's death yesterday.
Art and photography community, BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters, like Princess Leia from Star Wars .
(CNN)The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system, including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010. Another $50 million will go toward "other remedies to enhance pipeline safety," according to the commission.
A US citizen has been killed in a mortar attack in Yemen after he traveled to the country in an attempt to extricate his pregnant wife and daughter from the civil war there and fly them  to California, family say. Attack: Jamal al-Labani's family has said he was struck by mortar shrapnel after leaving a mosque Tuesday and soon died . 'U.S. He also told Al Jazeera America Houthi forces launched the mortal shelling on Tuesday. 'There are no plans for a U.S. government-coordinated evacuation of U.S. citizens at this time.' Business: al-Labani owned this Oakland, California, gas station . Houthi forces have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi .
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . 'They do have tough games as well including one against Hearts and if they're serious about finishing second, they need to beat the likes of ourselves and Queen of the South at Easter Road this Saturday. Both wins were comfortable and suggested Hibs had overtaken Rangers.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
Andre Ward, still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring, sees Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch. Andre Ward (left) poses with his many title belts after defeating Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013 . Froch (left) stands alongside James DeGale before a television appearance in Liverpool last July .
(The Hollywood Reporter)Richard Dysart, the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died. He received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "That Championship Season."
Tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. After a three week search, police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City. Killed: Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26 at an apartment complex in southeast Iowa City. Police believe she had been in the car for three weeks . Investigation: Tong died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation. Tong's father, Chunsheng Shao, told CNN he was informed by detectives last month that an arrest warrant had been issued for Li.
(CNN)A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. His name is Sonit Awal, and he's just four months old.
Matthew Kenney smoked Flakka and then ran naked . He was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation. That is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts. Once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or even superhuman strength.
Scroll down for video . Losing control: Video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes while travelling at speed . The van can be seen crashing down on to its side sending the men on the roof rack flying .
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour. She handed herself into police voluntarily. However, ABC News reports that South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary. 'The woman’s actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals and the public expectation is that we take action,' said Superintendent Scott Denny of Port Pirie police. Ms Davis had issues with her size-K breasts in her 20's and is finally ready to embrace them and she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
The 29-year-old from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body. Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class. Body confident: Pagonis now uses the first name 'Pidgeon,' doesn't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery .
Earlier, Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors.
Veteran Burnley defender Michael Duff believes manager Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United . Duff has hopes of following Dyche into management himself after retirement.
Sharry was eight months pregnant. He was taken to the OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City.
Before shedding the pounds Mr Forrest ate a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast, a Big Daddy Box Meal from KFC for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner. Dale, pictured before his weight loss (right) and after losing 10 stone, gave up greasy takeaways for healthy foods and started going to the gym regularly, and saw the pounds fall off .
Residents who have been hit by wild weather across New South Wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit this week . Ms Wills said the SES was particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region, which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm. 'We are urging the community to prepare themselves, prepare their homes and prepare their families to prevent further loss and devastation.' THURSDAY .
And all four - Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York - say they have their parents' hard work to thank. Now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Australian comedian Dave Hughes (pictured) called radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television . To which the radio personality replied: 'I drank because I like the taste of wine.' Without missing a beat, the Australian comedian fired back: 'That's because you're a w**ker.' But Hinch would not have any of it, saying: 'It takes one to know one.' one supporter said.
Sexting is 'not advised for politicians', says Ed Miliband - and 'risky if you are young, dodgy if you are older' in the words of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is 'OK for other adults but not for me'. And Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
It is 2015. It's easy to lead a horse to water when, in the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign, our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. After being held in a cell for 11 hours, the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation. Richards, who is an MMA fighter, has vehemently denied the allegations against him.
According to local site Fredericksburg.com, Mann was found by her two female roommates with a plastic bag stuffed down her throat. He was hunted down by police and has been charged with first degree murder.
Russian authorities have cancelled the release of Child 44, starring Gary Oldman (left) and Tom Hardy . The culture ministry accused the film of 'distortion of historical facts and the idiosyncratic treatment of events before, during and after' the war.
Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause for highly-rated Valencia left-back Jose Luis Gaya.
Jay Rutland, 34, who is married to the 30-year-old daughter of Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, saw his company bring in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. Family life: The former stockbroker lives with his wife and one-year-old daughter Sophia (pictured) in London . Company: Brigante Business Developments is based in this building (above) in Battersea, south-west London .
Chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the Under 19 team take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday afternoon. WHO WON THE COMPETITION LAST YEAR? Chelsea's Ruben Loftus-Cheek (right) and Roma's Jose Machin (left) battle for the ball on Monday .
Thanks to the proliferation of social media, in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand, 'influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. Self-made model: Mimi Elashiry turned her social media following into a modelling career . It's this combination of 'cool girl' meets followers and a 'lust-have' lifestyle that Thomas said is really drawing in clients, and models are now being trained how to self-promote on their Instagram to get work.
Elad Hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives. The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes. It offers a completely unique perspective to anything I’ve ever seen before.
Nadal was beaten convincingly by Novak Djokovic in MOnet Carlo last week . Djokovic is World No 1 and in superb form, but Nadal insists he has no worries about Roland Garros . Nadal admits that Djokovic will be the man to beat, but says this year will be no different to previous ones .
Rocker Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover. Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats. The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava but faces questioning when he returns.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen (middle) is eager to impress Barcelona boss Luis Enrique in the Champions League . The 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan giants in debut season at the Nou Camp .
(CNN)A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, Australian police say.
Mrs. Obama hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years, she said. She added that driving gives Malia 'a sense of normalcy,' helping her feel like the rest of her friends who are also driving.
Half his size: Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28 (right), who at 7ft 8in tall has come to be known as 'the gentle giant', married Evem Medeiros (left), a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online . And Joelison, who is thought to be the third tallest man in the world, says he is looking forward to the novelty of being smaller than someone for once.
Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either ‘incredibly naive or totally incompetent’ by Margaret Hodge, chairman of the Commons public accounts committee, over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank’s Swiss division. She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20.
Britt McHenry (left) has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk Gina Michelle (right) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released. she says.
Officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some Hartlepool fans and urged Carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to 'black up' for the occasion. Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for the final game of this season at Carlisle .
Maguire celebrates his late, late strike as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . How significantly will Chris Maguire of Wednesday feature in Bournemouth’s final analysis? Alas, Matt Ritchie then hit the top corner and put Bournemouth top again but in stoppage time Adam Smith fouled Atdhe Nuhiu for a penalty. ‘We will tell him how much we love him tonight.’ Yann Kermorgant (second left equalises for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . Matt Ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .
A New York City skin clinic's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first.
And the German star says his injury has actually helped him, claiming that it 'worked in my favour' after a busy schedule. Mesut Ozil is interviewed in this week's Sport . I'm continuing to do extra sessions after training now.'
A former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75. Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode Island State Police report. Ouimette was known to his associates as 'The Frenchman.'
Tiger Woods says the Par-3 Contest is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning'. Woods played in the tournament  for the first time since 2004, and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side, and his children caddying for him. No matter what.
Jamie Carragher says Mike Ashley has turned Newcastle United into a ‘boring’ club and has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money. Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a 'boring' club because he only wants to make money . Jamie Carragher slammed the chairman and says he's alarmed at the state Newcastle are currently in .
Two men who claim they were molested as young boys by Michael Jackson are expected to find out on Tuesday if they will be allowed to sue  for a slice of the late King Of Pop's $1.5 billion estate. Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims, reports the New York Post.
He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London. The deception places him among the ranks of Britain's biggest fare dodgers, closely behind a former millionaire fund manager.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. Residents are hoping to revive their communities by renting $1-a-week properties to young families .
Robbie Knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in Butte, Montana - the town his daredevil father Evel Knievel helped make famous. Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles, police said.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year when MH370 disappeared . Villagers from the community of 3500 claim that many on the island saw the passenger plane, and were interviewed by police and testified with signed statements to what they witnessed. 'I've never seen a jet flying so low over our island before. I could even make out the doors on the plane clearly,' an eyewitness told the website. The reports from Kudahuvadhoo follow information released from Curtin University  that a 'clear acoustic signal' was recorded at a time reasonably consistent with the timeline of the plane's disappearance.
With my Fit Nation teammates spread far and wide, this was a solo effort.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria . Mr Cook, also known as 'Cooky', described his artwork as 'a bit of fun' which he put up on Good Friday. He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos. I'm not going to take it down unless I receive a court order.'
Andreja also revealed during the interview that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever, and is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign. Before undergoing her sex reassignment surgery, Andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model, with her androgynous look allowing her to showcase both male and female designs.
Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of our carbon-free electricity.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier . McCoy said he thought he could retire quietly but is glad he's had the chance to farewell racing properly . Sandown Park was packed out for the champion jockey's finale on Saturday in Esher .
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola's team lose 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline, while Abola simply write: 'Superb!'
(CNN)The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway. Not a minute later, flames licked out of the car.
A boy aged 14 and a girl of 16 have been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. The girl was arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester, on Friday as part of the same investigation.
Rommel, nicknamed the Desert Fox, also became an iconic wartime figure – and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth. They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back Richard Eckersley is training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-old begun his career at Old Trafford but made only two Premier League appearances for United .
Officers arrested a 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock who will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday on charges including grievous bodily harm, deprivation of liberty and torture. The victim was taken to hospital on March 28, with burns to 15 per cent of his body. ‘The victim is claiming to have amnesia.
Stuart Pearce believes Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround the club’s dwindling fortunes. A derby day thumping at the hands of rivals Manchester United only compounded their misery, but Pearce believes City should stick with the 61-year-old.
Her son, Eli Edwards, told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother's disappearance. Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW . 'I want her to be found, one way or another.'
Two-year-old Oratilwe Hlongwane, from Johannesburg, South Africa, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop, making him a worldwide phenomenon . The youngster, who still wears nappies and cannot yet talk fully, already has nearly 25,000 Facebook fans .
As we know, the Premier League has the money and prestige, but what the FA Cup has is history, and boy does the BBC love a bit of history? Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage at Wembley . While the BBC's match had the lion's share of the goalmouth action, it was difficult to resist turning over to Sky on occasion.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania, shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach. The group of thieves reconvene and run off together into the bushes to the sound of spectators laughing .
The Tennessee Supreme Court's recent ruling will vacate the execution dates for Leroy Hall Jr, 48, Donald Wayne Strouth, 56, Nicholas Todd Sutton, 53, and Abu-Ali Abdur’Rahman, 64.
A top Nepal government official said: “The matter has been conveyed to Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and the intelligence chief. We are also starting an internal inquiry to verify the facts. If the report is correct, we will raise the matter at the diplomatic level with Pakistan.
Baby business: Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni (pictured) traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry . In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000, and Gianna explained that 'the reoccurring theme' when speaking with American agents and experts about couples hiring surrogates from other countries was money. Commercial surrogacy in India costs nearly one-sixth the amount it would in the Western World.
In the evening, they dance to music. New attraction: The enormous Anthem Of The Seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer . Making waves: An instructor demonstrates the FlowRider wave machine on board Royal Caribbean's ship, Anthem Of The Seas .
He said the SNP want to 'end Britain, to decapitate Britannia' but Mr Miliband has no chance of entering Number 10 without their support. The SNP want higher taxes, to scrap Trident and end efforts to reform the welfare system, Mr Johnson warned. However, the warning was echoed by David Cameron today, in a speech setting out the risks to England, Wales and Northern Ireland if the Scottish Nationalists are calling the shots.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
Berlin . From just €29 (£21) Includes visits to the Cape Peninsula, Robben Island and Victoria & Alfred Waterfront . Abu Dhabi . At launch, Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes will offer three of the world's most stylish destinations for an 'e-xperience'.
The pictures were taken by professional photographer Scott Gable, 39, who spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. The crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in Asia. I visited China, Thailand, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia as part of my Rice Project.
Near-Earth Asteroid (NEA) Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. BioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond Low-Earth Orbit.
Lorna McCarthy (left) was stabbed through the heart by her husband Barry McCarthy (right) last September . McCarthy, 51, had previously found out his wife was using dating websites. McCarthy will be sentenced on May 1, after being found guilty of murder at Norwich Crown Court .
David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor, North Wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs – which include Prozac and Seroxat – was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’.
George Osborne dodged questions over plans to offer more help to the country's top earners . Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500. But Labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent for those in the highest bracket.
Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match . Sunderland are deep in a Premier League relegation battle and sit only three points above the drop zone .
Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather . The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone (centre left) for visiting him at the gym .
The researchers found the self-assembly of DNA fragments just a few nanometres in length have the ability to drive the formation of chemical bonds. These connect together short DNA chains to form long ones, without the need for a separate biological process.
The 33-year-old, who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics, welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year. But after finding herself 'surprised' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy, the Queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape.
The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti. Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests.
Boasting seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, the stunning property has direct access to the beach . ‘There are more people coming down here more regularly and expressing interest in buying a second home. Estate agents said they have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes in Cornwall since Poldark began airing last month .
The donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, sent the money along with a note, saying they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'. A mysterious benefactor posted the plain brown envelope to officials at Bath Abbey, pledging £1.5million to the church's £20million restoration fund . I had to have a sit down for a while.
Harlequins have announced that fly-half Tim Swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract.
Shay Given celebrates Aston Villa's 2-1 victory against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . 'The reverse comes in the cup.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins. The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes. To make up the gap they paid investors with other investors' money rather than actual profits on the investments, in a classic Ponzi scheme, the agency said.
She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia, when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat. A man wearing purple shorts was photographed leaving the scene after a sat nav was stolen from a 73-year-old injured pensioner's crashed car in Hulme, Manchester .
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. 'Hope has been reborn in France.'
Manny Pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of mega-fights and another one to follow on Saturday night against Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Manny Pacquiao pictured as a teenager in a boxing gym in Manila before he became a global superstar . The 36-year-old is now one of the biggest stars in the world. Pacquiao arriving at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas on Monday night after a 270-mile bus journey from Los Angeles .
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit. However, Woolaston was caught after breaking into the University's bio-sciences lab and leaving behind a bag containing a previous police charge sheet, with his name and address written on it .
This is the spectacular moment a goose narrowly avoids a snapping fox’s jaw after the sly animal had given an almighty leap in a bid to take down the large bird. The action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. When a user receives a call, Hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if they don’t have that number saved.
The photo is one of Parker's favorites from her series, "Strong is the New Pretty." I wanted them to keep that as long as they could," Parker said.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
Queens Park Rangers midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up . Barton, who scored at The Hawthorns, captained his side to a 4-1 away win against West Brom .
Rajee Narinesingh (above), one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, stepped out showing her new face over the weekend . Rajee was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched .
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China this weekend. Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia last month . Vettel saw off the challenge from Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in Malaysia .
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Lionel Messi that he would like the Argentine star to stay with the club until he retires. Bartomeu, however, has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the Nou Camp.
The judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million. On Thursday morning, Knight walked out of court after the hearing. Authorities contend Knight intentionally hit the men, killing Terry Carter, 55. Knight, 49, was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s, and his label once listed Dr. Dre, Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg among its artists.
Controversial plans to spend £3.2million pulling down a 19th century country mansion and building a 'Butlins-style' gipsy camp have been approved despite angry protests by neighbours. The £3.2million cost of the project was only revealed through a Freedom of Information request and got the go ahead yesterday by Cheshire East Council . A planning permission sign next to Cledford Hall.
Pep Guardiola went into Bayern Munich's Champions League second-leg against Porto under intensifying pressure after a 3-1 defeat in the first encounter. Guardiola had a tear in his trousers as he orchestrated Bayern's big win from the sidelines against Porto .
In addition to those getting life sentences, two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds (about $1,300), Egypt's official Egynews reported. Most of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia, with 21 already in prison, according to Egynews.
A section  of Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash in a protest against ticket prices. Further protests are expected after full-time at the Emirates.
But as with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing for the worst just in case. The CDC said it is also monitoring at least 100 people who have worked with sick birds.
The Argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday. Cazorla, who played with Musacchio during his time at Villarreal, tweeted: 'A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo, I hope it's not too serious.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand. Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay, and Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7.
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed particular jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. The strict rules come after a 'difficult few years' following the Sachsgate scandal, where Ross and Brand left lewd messages on Andrew Sachs' (left) voicemail, Mr Sussman added.
The Wildcats faced off against the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night's semi-final game, breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss. Now, its Wisconsin heading to Monday's final to play Duke - their first final since 1941. Upset: More than a thousand disappointed University of Kentucky fans gathered near the school's Lexington campus Saturday night, following the team's ousting from the NCAA tournament . Rowdy: Throughout the night, police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
During tense exchanges with the BBC’s Andrew Marr, the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy, but declined to go into further detail. Chancellor George Osborne and Labour Deputy Leader Harriet Harman, appearing on BBC1's The Andrew Marr Show .
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister, confirming rumors that Bernard, 53, would soon exit the administration. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.' The former California resident told the Washington Post that he planned to return to The Golden States, and he's 'really looking for some time to think about what’s next and spend some quality time with Garbo, my rescue beagle.'
Jailed: Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . The 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him.' Meanwhile the pensioner had ran out of money and endured days filled with fear.
He shot to fame as everyone’s favourite nostril flaring lothario on Made In Chelsea. Following the lead of Ollie Proudlock and all of the show's ladies, Andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard, with the headline: 'The Pique Spirit.' Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG .
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against Bayern Munich . Juan Quintero stretches for the ball at the Allianz Arena as Jackson Martinez (left) and Quaresma watch on .
Each of the missing girls has had a birthday in captivity. Boko Haram still controls swathes of northeastern Nigeria.
A Canadian adultery website which boasts 'life is short, have an affair' is targeting British investors because of the UK's supposed 'laissez faire' attitude to extra-marital affairs. With more than 34 million members worldwide, Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website. The company hopes success in London will help it fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states in late May or June.
Tents crushed by snow, belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims: this is the chaotic scene after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest, killing 18 people. Before and after images show how the wave of snow, ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on Saturday. Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department. The quake is believed to have killed more than 4,000 people .
The Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool . Lazio goalkeeper Etrit Berisha thwarts Higuain, who is unsettled at Napoli with Rafa Benitez set to leave .
Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the Premier League season with defeat to Dave Chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on Thursday. Michael van Gerwen 7-4 James Wade . Stephen Bunting 6-6 Kim Huybrechts . Adrian Lewis 7-4 Peter Wright . Raymond van Barneveld survived elimination on 'Judgement Night' with a 6-6 draw against Gary Anderson .
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. He is now left with the Europa League, where Napoli have reached the quarter-finals, as their only chance of silverware this season.
She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure. A pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion . Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths, as 83 percent of pregnant leukemia sufferers go into remission with treatment. The 28-year-old had pregnancy complications due to her leukemia but rejected treatment on religious grounds .
Kevin de Bruyne's agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client as interest in the Wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window. Wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain . De Bruyne has been in superb form this season, scoring 10 goals and providing 17 assists in the Bundesliga .
On Tuesday, SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic. The video, which appeared on Reddit, reveals how the rocket overcompensates for its extreme tilt. The supplies today arrived at the ISS.
Norway's Kristoff poses after beating off competition from Niki Terpstra to win the Tour of Flanders race . The late drama was created by Kristoff and Terpstra, though.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed La Liga giants Real Madrid are keen on signing Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling . Liverpool starlet Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at Anfield . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has admitted Liverpool may struggle to attract top players . Real Madrid have the splashed the cash on the likes of Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane in recent years .
Chelsea, 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play, will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington. Chelsea fans will then get to see their side before the Premier League campaign kicks-off with a friendly against Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge on August 5.
LeBron James scored 30 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers moved into a 2-0 lead over the Boston Celtics . Paul Pierce celebrates after his Washington Wizards team moved 2-0 ahead on the Toronto Raptors . Dwight Howard and Josh Smith celebrate the Houston Rockets taking a 2-0 lead over the Dallas Mavericks .
Christopher Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm Wednesday in Brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway. An estimated 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage pour into the canal each year. He gargled hydrogen peroxide to fight against any bacteria entering his body and had charcoal tablet to take that will help if he did, according to CityLab. Cleanup of the Gowanus Canal, where dredging of mud is scheduled to begin in 2017, is thought to cost $506million .
It is alleged that Villa and Reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against West Brom and Bradford respectively. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
But after a spending spree on the trip, Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch, extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it. As such, Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs.
Capello claims England would be in a much stronger position if they still had the Chelsea star at their disposal . The Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, the brother of then England teammate Rio, during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. He was stripped of his captaincy by the Football Association after being charged by police. He believes Terry should have kept his role under the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven.
To call this ugly and unrelenting wave of police violence against unarmed African-Americans a national crisis is not an exaggeration -- we are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement and the justice system that underpins it.
Despite finding nothing abnormal, the GP referred Noreen for a mammogram. This revealed three lumps on her left breast, which were all tumours. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit. So, extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis for those over 70 and more lives saved, the MPs said.
Strictly business: Julia Louis-Dreyfus covers Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, which is featured in the May issue of the magazine .
Enjoying the sunshine: Denmark's Crown Princess Mary and her daughters Isabella and Josephine . But not everyone fancied a day out at the farm, with Mary left without her husband Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and eldest son Prince Christian, nine, for the outing.
Kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup defeat to India . After a meeting in Dubai on Thursday, the ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards and has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes. The West Brom midfielder has picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for the young player of the year prize .
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession during their 1-0 win over Man United . And Mourinho did the same on Saturday to an in-form Manchester United, who had 70 per cent possession at Stamford Bridge. Jose has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season. His balance, his control, his passing and finishing have all been superb all season.
Both carriers insist safety was not compromised. The incident involving the Etihad Airways and Etihad occurred over the Arabian Sea in Mumbai airspace . A Traffic Advisory (TA) is sounded to an aircraft when they are within 40 seconds of traffic in a particular airspace.
Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania. The couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born .
He's also got a secret super-talent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies.
(CNN)Jackson Gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. Hanging in his workshop Gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. The jackets have received particular attention.
Two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop. The raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises, and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike. Getaway: The two criminals used motorbikes to escape from the scene in Wigan, Greater Manchester .
A 28-year-old teacher has been charged after she allegedly exchanged multiple nude pictures and videos with a 14-year-old student she began texting when he was just 12. Charged: Whitney Fetters has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and  possession of marijuana . The teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy over to stay the night so they could have sex on February 13, but authorities learned of the relationship before that was able to happen.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler is being treated as suspicious after he was admitted struggling to breathe . Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community, which is 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, that can help them with their investigation.
A recent study of four major discount retailers  in the United States by the Ecology Centre found that 133 out of 164 products tested, including children's jewellery, floor mats, kitchen utensils and silly straws, contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'. Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . It's not good enough.
Arrested: Ashley Doody was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife .
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train around 1:40pm on Wednesday afternoon. What's that got to do with this poor lady? Ms Eden fired back. the woman said. 'No, you shut your mouth. You've got nothing nice to say, don't say anything, simple.' Ms Eden told Daily Mail Australia the couple alighted the train at Sydney International Airport . The group's founder, Mariam Veiszadeh, told Daily Mail Australia incidents of abuse against Muslim women were becoming increasingly common. ''I'm very conscious of ensuring that I have sufficient storage space on my phone to ensure I will be able to record incidents should I either be the victim in an incident (or a witness),' she said.
Roberto Martinez confirmed on Thursday that the Republic of Ireland international will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage, but expects him to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery. Everton will look to extend Gibson's contract this summer as he is treated for his latest injury setback . Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans despite holding an interest in Tom Cleverley .
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show. That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA, the GZA, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man. The tenth member of the Wu, Ol' Dirty Bastard, is dead so he wasn't involved no matter what.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal . Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson (right) beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011 .
Muhammad Naviede, who was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud, died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire. The 60-year-old, whose daughter is a former X-Factor contestant, sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash on August 20 last year saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down.'
The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through. And that information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area, prompting the male TSA officer to pat down the passenger, police said, citing a TSA investigation.
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898. The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. Offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour' in comparison to today's fixed penalty or fine.
Secretary of State John Kerry 'is delusional' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didn't and get away with it, says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, John McCain. 'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. 'At best, Iran agreed to disagree with the United States on key nuclear weapons-related issues and to continue talks,' the Illinois lawmaker said. 'Unfortunately, I can’t say I’m surprised,' he added.
The cafe is open from seven days a week . The berries are packed with amino acids, as well as vitamins A, B, C and E and minerals such as potassium, calcium, magnesium, copper and zinc.
It's truly squeaky bum time in the Premier League relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams. Question: 'What will it take for your club to stay in the Premier League?' QPR manager Chris Ramsey (centre) feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games .
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino (right) is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to Newcastle . Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James' Park .
Once at the top, Mr Schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back. The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed and points its face into the wind . Mr Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair .
After Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018, the organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire. Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some elephants will live out the rest of their lives in the conservation center, while others will be use for breeding .
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Barclays Premier League season last year by two points with seven games to spare, but a run of poor form in 2015 has led to speculation Allardyce will be shown the exit. Sam Allardyce is making plans for next season at West Ham but he does not know if he'll still be manager .
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010.
Dave Roberts, who hopes to become the mayor of Middlesbrough, has bungee jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years after his ancestor jumped to his death for a bet worth just a sixpence .
Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2 but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun. Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert. German researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles and found that they are ‘remarkably regular’ in their distribution, which made them question the termite theory.
Detectives probing the murders of a Playboy bunny and a 16-year-old schoolgirl 40 years ago have offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice. Eve Stratford, a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at London's Playboy club, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home on the evening of 18 March 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was  attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow at 11pm on September 3, as she returned from a night out with friends. July 2006: Murders linked in 2007 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims.
Bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival ​in downtown Los Angeles ​on Saturday after months staying by his daughter Bobbi Kristina's side. She's been in a coma ever since . I didn't mean to curse in front of you.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than Ibiza, Athens and Barcelona tomorrow. Forecasters said showers could hit London this Sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the London Marathon.
A celebrated Texas-born hunter was crushed to death by a baby elephant in Zimbabwe as he tried to measure its ivory tusks for an American client. On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe's Zambezi Valley when the animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died. The Dallas Safari Club is paying for Gibson's funeral.
Unusual: Fossils dating from the Late Jurassic Period, around 145 million years ago, reveal an unusual combination of features from various dinosaur groups, including relatively short arms, a long neck, small head and leaf-shaped teeth (pictured) Bizarre: Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics including its small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or. Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma (right) has revealed he hopes to one day win the Ballon d'Or .
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. Just then, a stranger  on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
The actress and model has given fans a sneak peak of her stunning summer range ahead of the launch on Wednesday - and you can expect stunning summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals. Michelle, 27,  shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery . Loved by Daisy Lowe and Una Foden, the alkaline food delivery service allows you to create your own healthy menus, which are delivered straight to your front door.
Help for Heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep World War II veteran Robert Clark in his own home after a London council refused to pay for his ongoing care. For the past two years he has used his £50,000 savings to pay towards a £960-a-week live-in carer, while Brent Council contributed £350 a week.
The scene in the Old Government House Hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival (3 April–11 May) is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago – Guernsey, Alderney, Jersey, Herm and Sark. German signs and instructions are still daubed onto the walls. Channel Islands Heritage Festival: www.visitchannelislands.com/heritagefestival .
Over a three year period Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. Mr Singh claims he didn't realise his stomach pain was due to his habit of eating metal objects. He has since carried out more than 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects - yet some still remain.
She was still out-going then, she said, and never felt self-conscious. Sexy and smart: Celine, who wants to keep her real identity a secret, says she's more than just an escort - she also has her master's degree in sociology . Rather, it's the negative reactions to her job that make her regret ever taking up sex work at all.
Los Angeles (CNN)Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic "Straight Outta Compton" earlier this year. In addition to that ruling, Judge Ronald Coen also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million, a figure that defense lawyers called excessive. The judge also dismissed one of the two counts of hit-and-run against Knight.
An English photographer has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia. Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography, his website says. Wide open spaces: Chappel takes photographs with a Linhof Technorama 617s III .
Dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard  running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
This is the dramatic moment a brave village watchman fought off a wild leopard armed with only a stick in India. He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the UK, research shows. It found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure .
Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34 are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'.
While the Iranian ships remain in international waters, the U.S. and other partner nations can keep an eye on the Iranian ships to see if they move toward Yemeni territorial waters. When asked about warnings from Saudi Arabia and the U.S. to keep Iranian navy ships away from Yemen, the commander of Iran's Regular Navy, Flotilla Adm. Habibollah Sayyari, said his fleet was operating legally.
Genius: Teenager Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds, breaking the world record . The US national 'speedcubing' champion was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record .
So it comes as a surprise that the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) - located along the no-man's land between the North and South - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for South Korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested across the country, seven had traces of cocaine in the toilets, while this one, in Hengrove Leisure Park, Bristol, was found to have traces of crack cocaine .
The former Manchester United and England defender saw City lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of Chelsea at the top of the Barclays Premier League. 'They've got a mentality problem. There's no doubt,' Neville said on Monday Night Football. 'This team cannot sustain success.
Emily and Byron Schlenker are the world record holders for having the widest female and male toungues . Since his tongue was officially dubbed the world's widest he has become something of a celebrity in his hometown of Syracuse, New York.
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried.
Now, the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder - to raise awareness of mental illness. It was the unexpected and tragic death of his older, teenage brother Christopher (pictured right with Nic left), who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. 'We have drenched them in buckets, buried them in mud, and blown them with a compressed air hose.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday, it was reported. Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok. 'I'm thankful my daughter is safe. 'She hadn't listened to the news. She didn't know she was causing all this trouble,' Malcolmson said.
The match was Federer's first since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March . The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals, just five months after the Frenchman beat him in straight sets in the Davis Cup final.
David Curry (pictured) was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth, Northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . 'Yet he was being told to leave by a waiter who hadn't even ironed his uniform. The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 . 'The pub has operated a no tracksuit policy since opening towards the end of 2013.
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety - not through tedious sociological analysis (thank goodness), but through the stories of real people she has interviewed all over the country.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. Following complaints from the RPI’s Muslim Students’ Association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech, Fox News reported. ‘The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location,’ Harper’s statement read.
Staying put: Lindsay Lohan says she feels 'at home' in London and has no plans to return to the States just yet . On stage: The former child star recently appeared in a West End play and admitted she felt like the UK press treated her with respect . Stripped: The 28-year-old posed in sexy lingerie for men's fashion magazine Homme Style. Saucy: Lindsay was more than comfortable to pose up in the luxurious lingerie .
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match against AS Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday, believing that both sides will adopt a cautious approach. 'It could be a boring game, the important thing is not to concede a goal at home.'
The boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit. Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight . Pacquiao is also understood to be comfortably within the 30-day stipulation.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Daniel Sturridge as the Liverpool striker's injury misery shows no sign of relenting. Sturridge will again be absent for Tuesday night's trip to Hull and while Rodgers will not take the drastic step of calling time on his campaign, he remains unsure whether the England international will play again this season.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004. I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality.' Not impressed: Brokaw, pictured in February, came 'incensed' when he heard Williams' exaggerations . Maybe I had a brain tumor, or something in my head',' a source said. 'Overwhelmed': Sources told Vanity Fair that Williams, pictured in Iraq, did not want to report on 'hard' news and didn't enjoy politics or war stories, and lacked the experience of his predecessors .
Arsenal should target Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech if he leaves Stamford Bridge at the end of the season, insists Carlo Cudicini. Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Courtois.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital (pictured Wednesday) Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life. She showed no emotion when she was sentenced . The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty' The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty.'
'Gullible': Brett Robinson, 32, is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell at Washington County Jail and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year . Charged: Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . They continued having sexual encounters, the report said, and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with 'Hi Baby'. ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts, fantasies and dreams, and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side. Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry. In March Curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison.
Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his West Bromwich Albion side to the edge of safety. Before two minutes on the clock, James Morrison (right) headed West Brom ahead following a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt . Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort at Selhurst Park (above). West Brom manager Tony Pulis (centre) barks out the instructions on the touchline as he witnessed his side take three valuable points .
The Morocco international said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks'. Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia (right) suffered a muscle injury against Bayer Leverkusen .
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen. It was then Shuff and Cantor discovered that Barker's videos were filed under 'Baker', a misspelling of her name - which was why no one had been able to find them before, according to Mashable. David Shuff, who met Barker years ago at her retirement home, and archivist Mark Cantor helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her 'soundies', known then as short musical videos .
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes. The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance. Jois Foundation, a nonprofit group that promotes Ashtanga yoga, provides twice-weekly, 30-minute classes to the district's 5,600 students.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism and believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . Mr Doggett said Cambridge United had noticed an increase in violence since the club was promoted to League Two last year.
American doctor Ellen Gallant was on Everest when the devastating earthquake struck. The tremors sparked a huge avalance killing 18 people, with Ms Gallant and another doctor desperately trying to save those injured . 'Of the nine patients, one of them died last night — a 25-year-old Sherpa. 'That young man who died in front of me — a 25-year-old shouldn't have to die.'
A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir, at the end of the first half with the Parkhead club left to rue the decision not to award a penalty and dispense a red card. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a shot at goal during the Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness .
Shall not be moved: Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, pitched up outside the Zeta Beta Tau frat house in protest of their alleged treatment of wounded veterans . Suspension: The Zeta Beta Tau chapter at the University of FLorida has been suspended, and three of its members expelled.
Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to . an undercover agent. Robert Gentile's attorney Ryan McGuigan (pictured), said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge, he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to speak about the $500million art heist from 1990 . Gardner case. A 2012 FBI search of Gentile's home turned up a list of the . stolen art pieces and their estimated value, as well as police . uniforms. The FBI, pictured here in 2013, has actively offered a $5million reward to anyone who had information that led to the painting's safe return to the museum .
(CNN)It came a day early. There's been no charges. Newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Monday that the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division and the FBI "will continue our careful and deliberate examination of the facts in the coming days and weeks." This family wants justice. It requires our full talents, our full time, and we're going to get this right."
But while the story is in itself tragic, it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling.
As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ‘mock war’. Russian president Vladimir Putin attended the Easter Sunday service in Moscow, meeting with the Patriach of Moscow and all Russia Kirill, while Pope Francis held a commemorative service in St Peter's Basilica in the Vatican with Armenian clergy to mark 100 years since the Armenian Genocide.
There is a backstory here worthy of our attention, and it has to do with Italy's colonial past. Long after the formal end of Italian colonialism, these Eritreans, Somalis, and Libyans have inherited the histories of influence and exploitation that shaped their home countries.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Kaneshiro had a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, according to Sherdog.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing Manchester City, claims Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville . You cannot carry passengers.' Neville singled out Toure as an example of the 'weeds' at the Etihad in a scathing attack.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area . Predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations while other contributing factors include farm animals destroying bilby habitat and introduced species like rabbits competing with them for food and burrows.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from  Kazakhstan. Docking with the ISS has been abandoned . The spacecraft was scheduled to dock with the International Space Station six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'.
(CNN)A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
If you can’t play that, you’re in the wrong job.’ Michael Vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of England's top order for just looking to survive . Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled on the first morning .
Five decades later, I find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation. But that is what Rand Paul, who today declared he's running for president of the United States, is doing.
The shop, which will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after the idea was approved by clerics. It is being led by the owner of am existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira, which is known for its range of sensual oils.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash the singer's shirt and underwear while he was staying in Augusta in Georgia for the US Masters, and then decided to try them on for size herself. Miss Sokie was asked to wash Niall's clothes after the washing machine at the house he was renting in Georgia broke. Miss Sokie posted about the clothes on Twitter and claimed to have taken Niall's underwear for herself .
The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' on the bottom of the pictures. Denies allegations: James Evans who runs Premiere Photo allegedly didn't apologize for the racial slur and told the couple to 'sue' him .
England ace Joe Hart labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. The Manchester City shot stopper, who is 10 years younger than Buffon, revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the Juventus Stadium.
The stylist behind singer Rita Ora's unique, over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy. 'We have to color the hair every three weeks,' he explained. But despite the seemingly endless hours of maintenance required in order to keep Rita's barnet looking its best, Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field, while the widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres. They were murdered on patrol in Brooklyn on December 20 by a crazed gunman who then committed suicide. De Blasio, however, was largely booed when he was introduced to the crowd.
Celtic striker Kris Commons steps up to convert the penalty to give his side a 1-0 lead before the break . Stefan Johansen doubles Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with left-footed shot into the bottom corner .
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner will attend their FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday . Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May, and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around £150million once the season is finished.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan instead of treading water against Frankie Gavin, if only his promoter had minded his words. Now that Battle of Britain – potentially at Wembley Stadium – may never take place. Promoter Eddie Hearn (centre) stands behind Kell Brook (left) and Frankie Gavin at the O2 Arena . But instead of being patient he's been so disrespectful. Andre Ward, still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring, sees Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch.
A woman has been branded a 'menace to the community' after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash. Today, police issued CCTV images of Walters of Withington, Manchester, hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday evening as league leaders Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge. On TV scheduling, Wenger said: 'Something should be done. It's difficult to understand.' I find that circus a bit ridiculous.
Soviet authorities invaded Poland during World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of Poles. "They really wanted to share their stories."
Loss of baby boomers: The number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades, as funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years . A ‘simple’ funeral, with a cremation, a minister and an undertaker, now costs an average of £3,590, it found.
The place Julian Assange's father has long called home sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday . Positioned on the doorstep of Newtown's buzzing strip, the quirky haven is a short walk to parks, cafes and public transport on King Street in Sydney's trendy inner west. The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door . The vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by Mr Shipton in the 1990s .
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked, with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications. Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. Others were unaware they faced a hefty tax bill if they removed all their cash at once.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region, when militants in a mountainous area on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops, prompting them to return fire, SPA reported. U.S. Navy warships, meanwhile, were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region, in particular any weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels they are supporting in Yemen, a U.S. defense official told CNN.
It seems Samir Nasri was keen to forget about Manchester City's defeat at Crystal Palace as the Frenchman went out with his girlfriend Anara Atanes in London. Man City could use Nasri as bait in a deal to sign France international Paul Pogba from Italian side Juventus .
Stoke City have opened talks over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper Asmir Begovic . Stoke boss Mark Hughes is keen to keep Begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten . Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam scores during the comeback win over Southampton in the Premier League .
Andros Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against Paul Merson. Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . It didn’t really annoy me, but gave me the extra incentive to silence a few critics.
Called the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug, the $39.99 (£26) gadget can maintain the temperature at around 71°C (160°F) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all. The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord. The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
The casket of  basketball player Lauren Hill was placed at the site where she made her first basket five months ago, before she died of an inoperable brain tumour this month. Her high school team mates gathered to remember her at a memorial today in the arena where she scored her first basket for her college team . The Mount St Joseph freshman devoted her final year to playing basketball, raising money for cancer research, and inspiring others.
James Koryor was taken into custody Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. In custody: James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday for up to 2.5 hours, police say . The boy's mother then found him in the car some time later . Koryor has reportedly confessed to drinking alcohol.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night, and China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
However, Bailey told WPTV the bobcat might have been scared by his presence, since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find. A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
CHRIS SMALLING . Don’t try that over here though, the stewards in their lovely yellow jackets would not like it. Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa, but Liverpool will miss him next season .
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein, a FIFA presidential candidate, wants to see the World Cup rotated between nations .
The island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. Heading west: Rosemary spent a week on Grenada, where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . This is the Caribbean at its best. We taste goat's cheese and salt fish fritters, a popular local dish.
Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Biddulph's great-nephew. Rare find: Ashley Manzie unearthed the WW1 star medal when he was combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector last week. Ashley Manzie says the discovery has 'made his year.'
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild. The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches into the barrel too far and gets its head stuck .
Palaeontologists in China say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. Scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, meaning ‘strange wing’, may have glided or even flown through the air. If it did flap its wings it would probably have only been able to fly over short distances. The fossil of Yi qi was discovered by a farmer working his fields in Mutoudeng in Qinglong County in China .
Adam Federici tries in vain to stop Alexis Sanchez's strike from going over the line in Saturday's FA Cup game . Sanchez (centre) celebrates making it 2-1 to Arsenal as Federici (second left) is left dejected after his error .
Either way Kate - who plans to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London - is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced.
Sergio Ramos celebrates scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute against Malaga . James Rodriguez made it 2-0 for Real Madrid in the 69th-minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty . Malaga then pulled one back but Ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1 . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu .
Floyd Mayweather (left) and Manny Pacquiao (right) will fight on Saturday, May 2, in Las Vegas, Nevada . Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like Periscope (pictured) Launched by Twitter, Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers. The app was recently used by many to watch the season five premiere of HBO's Game of Thrones.
The new show represents the first time that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have found themselves lampooned in a comedy show. Entertainer: Prince Harry will also feature in the ITV show - albeit in puppet form .
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season and on Saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to Chelsea’s imminent title victory. He is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn’t been at its best. But the big change for him in the last 18 months has been in his finishing — and that was evident again on Saturday. He’s now on 17 goals for the season.
The Blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season . Terry had to settle for a place on the bench under Benitez and made just 14 Premier League appearances . The Chelsea captain made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season in .
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Forty-nine precious stones followed.
That applies particularly to Bolasie, who scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week. Yannick Bolasie (centre) of Crystal Palace celebrates scoring against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Alan Pardew says Bolasie bidding will have to start at £20m for his star to leave Selhurst Park .
Tragic: John Timmons, 29, and Amanda Murphy, 24, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013 . He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes on Thursday.
The lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram as she documents her first pregnancy – prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. This a huge joke to get people to look at her.' Sarah has over 1.4m Instagram followers who regularly comment on her trim baby body, some in disbelief .
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted 'aggressively and inappropriately' at an off-campus bar . 'On one occasion he grabbed a woman’s head and pushed it downwards toward his crotch. 'The University concluded that Jans' public conduct failed to meet his obligations as a head coach and the expectations that BGSU Athletics has for its coaches.'
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'. An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships. April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and people may be oblivious that man's best friend are actually 'kid's best friend', with pups changing the lives of many children with autism (stock picture) Children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected. Children with autism 'have a high tendency to 'bolt' when they feel anxious or stressed.
The birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog, Walsall Magistrates Court heard. All four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week.
Benjamin Netanyahu said Iran’s agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme in return for the lifting of sanctions would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb. Barack Obama, however, has hailed the agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in Lausanne, Switzerland, as a ‘historic understanding’.
Mirko Filipovic (right) faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday, eight years after losing to the Brazilian . In 2007, Filipovic (right) was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat . Filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against Gonzaga .
Tiger Woods has had to face some huge challenges during his career, but not many will have been larger than 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming. The towering Chinese athlete takes notes as Woods helps him get to grips with his swing .
BARCLAYS PREMIER LEAGUE . Champions League qualification: Chelsea . Europa League qualification: TBD . Bristol City celebrate being crowned League One champions after goalless draw against Coventry . SKY BET LEAGUE TWO . Relegated: Cheltenham Town and Tranmere Rovers . Mauro Vilhete of Barnet (right) celebrates with Curtis Weston after scoring against Gateshead in a 2-0 win which saw the Bees crowned Conference champions and secure a return to League football .
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima (shown after the disaster in 2011). The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for EA Sports PGA Tour video games this year. Fans can also mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style.
33-year-old Stuart, had, said ex-girlfriend Sophie, offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had mysteriously contracted chlamydia. ‘I got a test for chlamydia because I’m sure he cheated on me,’ fumed Sophie during an appearance on the Jeremy Kyle Show.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990. She was never identified . The Jane Doe is described as between 25 and 40 years old, about 5-feet 4-inches in height and of a medium build. There is a cash reward on offer of up to $5,000.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. 'This is the most unprofessional set I have ever been on.
Norfolk Police continued to look for Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, who has been missing since March 2, and focused on a pond near Carrsville after a new tip. AJ Hadsell (left) was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk and her stepfather Wesley Hadsell (right) was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . He said he even punched the family dog out of anger.
A tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for £29,000. Gifted to a photography assistant it was signed by all for members of the band following the shoot .
But that is not and never was the objective. It would reduce Iran's low-enriched uranium stockpile, cut by two-thirds its number of installed centrifuges and implement a rigorous inspection regime. This agreement should be judged on its merits and on how it affects the security of our negotiating partners and allies, including Israel.
Depraved Islamic State militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn Syria. Instead, the two lorries were stopped by ISIS' religious police force - known as Al-Hesbah - at a checkpoint in Aleppo province, where the cargo was deemed unlawful. The photographs of the appalling wastage were proudly published on ISIS social media accounts.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo on Wednesday disputed the Confederation of African Football's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent Sepp Blatter in the presidential elections next month. The former Portugal international, in Egypt at the CAF Congress to canvass for votes, told Sportsmail he did not believe all Africa was solidly behind Blatter, who seeks re-election on May 29 against Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan and the Dutch football association president Michael van Praag.
Lord Janner sent a ‘thank you’ Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday . The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse. But Mr Gandy, 83, yesterday said he could not remember seeing Janner’s case file. ‘He suspected there may have been some attempt to influence the decision by the DPP, although there was no proof.’ Investigative website Exaro said the four experts who examined the peer had not all agreed on the six key points about the nature and extent of his illness outlined in Mrs Saunders’s statement on why she was not going to charge him.
The judge also denied a motion for visitation. We're conferring with our clients now about next steps, including whether to take another appeal." Cassandra is feeling well and is in good shape as far as her health is concerned, according to Michtom. "The hospital is effectively jail," Michtom said.
The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served during World War I in Gallipoli and was awarded a Victoria Cross medal . LCpl was awarded the VC for his 48-hour effort where he threw live grenades back at the enemy .
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk (artist's illustration of a satellite shown). But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
Should he act any differently when he's on trial for murder? Besides that certain bounce to his step, there's usually a smile. Watch "Downward Spiral: Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez" tonight at 9 p.m.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in the January transfer window . And it has been suggested that Inter are looking to offload the attacking midfielder at the end of the season, but Mancini has rubbished the speculation insisting Shaqiri can have a big future in Italy. 'This Shaqiri thing is completely made up,' he told reporters.
According to EW, New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. The '90s are so coming back .
He was once the most powerful man in the world, but former US President Bill Clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife, Hillary, decide to run for President. President Clinton plans to stay out of the limelight if and when Hillary Clinton launches her expected run for president, he tells Town and Country Magazine in a new interview . Mr Clinton added that the couple has not discussed what her campaign – or her potential election – would mean for their philanthropic foundation.
The Reds moved within four points of the Barclays Premier League top four after goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen saw off the struggling Magpies at Anfield. Raheem Sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring Liverpool's opener .
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99, according to Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims. Ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized, she said. Three of them are in critical condition and one is in serious condition. Three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail, and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast .
Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs.
Project Fi will be hosted through Sprint Corp and T-Mobile's networks . The service will work only on the company's Nexus 6 phones and only in the US . Phone numbers will live in the cloud so that consumers can talk and text on any connected tablet.
Tiger Woods returned to action as he warmed up at Augusta National Golf Club ahead of The Masters . The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form . Woods was given a warm welcome by the crowd and stopped to sign several autographs at Augusta .
Cloud Regional Airport, in Minnesota. For around £7 ($10) permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land. DEER HUNTING IN PITTSBURGH . San Francisco International Airport has two rooms dedicated to practicing yoga .
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said . Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'. economic blackmail draws to a close.'
The decision from U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS. While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process. When the Treasury Department's Office of Inspector General investigated the IRS's actions, it demanded – and received – a list of 298 groups whose tax-exemption applications had been held up. It's this list that the tea party groups want. Dlott agreed and ordered the agency to hand it over.
Heather Mack, 19, who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago, was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack on the Indonesian island last August. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack to death in room 317 of the St. Regis Bali Resort.
John Higgins narrowly defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the China Open, where he will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui.
During his presidential campaign, he promised to do so "only" if he could seal a nuclear deal with the world powers. And now he has. They now strongly believe the lifting of international sanctions is no longer illusive. At least, that's what they hope.
Sam Allardyce isn't that man. He had his chance and did not take it. Allardyce's reputation is that of a man who guarantees survival, but since Christmas West Ham have been playing relegation football. West Ham must go to the Olympic Stadium with more on their minds than survival.
It first became the capital of Myanmar a decade ago, after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon (also known as Rangoon) with minimal explanation. Foreigners and investors aren't keen to visit the secluded city and foreign aid workers prefer to commute daily from Yangon . But there are not many people around to enjoy the sights.
Scarring experience: Francis Pusok (left) spoke for the first time on Monday, four days after he was beaten up by cops in footage taken from a helicopter. Pusok claims they handcuffed him within 15 seconds and then continued to beat him despite the fact he was lying helpless on the ground . He was released from jail on Sunday . Meanwhile, 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident have been placed on paid leave as the FBI starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest.
Cristiano Ronaldo (left) scores his 300th goal for Real Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano . Ronaldo has scored 60 Champions League goals for Madrid and won the competition with the club in 2014 .
"Justice has been served today," Donahue tweeted. The verdicts mean that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is no longer a bombing suspect -- he is now officially a "convicted killer." Just ask Jeff Bauman. On Wednesday, Bauman said the verdict "will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed."
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction  drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. However, he was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated US Public Links champion Byron Meth, who opened with a 74 on his Masters debut. Half had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher, with the 11th yielding just three birdies all day.
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford and sparked a string on viral images on Twitter. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City  but Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck before Aguero's second to all-but end the champions' Barclays Premier League title hopes.
Sport's propensity to play mind games with its protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix, when Nico Rosberg cursed his Mercedes team. Rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after he missed out on pole to Hamilton by just 0.042secs . The German was the last driver out for his final flying lap, meaning he had to rush to get in a competitive time.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax. Possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren, while the rest went to her sons William and Harry.
Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona. From June 8 until June 12, holidaymakers to the ranch - more famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels - can learn classic moves such as the 'burlesque strut' as well as how to artfully remove garters, gloves and stockings.
(CNN)Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. On one hand, the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year. Opinion: Sharp spike in death sentences .
(CNN)By now, you probably have a position regarding the controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain 'seeping through' from the its lining. A spokesman for Asda apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund .
The findings, reported in the journal Nature, reveal that there is enough methyl cyanide around MWC 480 to fill all of the Earth's oceans. As the MWC 480 system evolves it is likely that organic molecules locked away in comets and other icy bodies will be ferried closer to the star where conditions may be suitable for life, the scientists believe.
David Cameron will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives . There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees. For instance, cancer drugs have been made available on the NHS in Scotland that are not prescribed elsewhere, meaning taxpayers in England and Wales are contributing to funding them, but not benefiting.
When the Washington couple's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night, his parents had put it down to their toddler's over-active imagination, reported CBS New York. That was until one night when they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you.' They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device.
The man, known only as Xu, even tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city in eastern China, according to the People's Daily Online. Desperate to have a 'grandson', Xu decided to have sex with her himself.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres (shown). They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km). The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots .
Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes . Oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from Real Madrid's James Rodriguez in the second half . Oblak put in an impressive performance for Atletico against their great rivals Madrid on Tuesday .
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. After clashing with James, Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to Stancil's 16-year-old brother. Stancil said he is a neo-Nazi who is concerned about the future of white children.
Dating back to around 1840, the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26. The lamp from her Derbyshire home was passed down through generations of the Lea Hurst servants' family.
Countering President Barack Obama's previous assertion, Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'. Making an appearance on Fox News Sunday, Corker  said that Congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with Iran is essential to help make sure that the deal is not a bad one. The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30. Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
First blood to United after their Under 18s saw off City 1-0 in the 'mini-derby'. Just before the hour mark England Under 17 star Callum Gribbin made and scored the first. The result leaves United, who have won two of this year's cross-town clashes, two points behind leaders Middlesbrough with a game in hand.
Oliur Rahman, who took over from the deposed leader yesterday, insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the East London borough of Tower Hamlets. ‘It’s ludicrous to play the race card again.
But Zuriel Oduwole isn't "most kids." "I've interviewed 14 heads of state and a few of those include the President of Tanzania, Liberia, Kenya, South Sudan, Nigeria and Cape Verde, to name a few," says Oduwole.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. Boy household: Lair said that she and her husband, Stephen, had given up on ever having a daughter .
Manchester United star Ryan Giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his  wife. A source told the Sun newspaper that 'Ryan rang Rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago. Natasha also said she had aborted Ryan's baby just weeks before she got married to Rhodri in Las Vegas. Natasha originally left Rhodri but the two later unsuccessfully tried to reconcile, and they divorced in 2013.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to the Bundesliga giants . Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is on course for Champions League football next season .
Cheesy slogans such as ‘reach for the stars’ could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed. But the glossy notices are ‘often reductively misinterpreted as “you can achieve anything if you believe”’.
'City? He is right: The Hague, despite being home to Holland's royal family and an eye-­catching parliament, was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon's brother and king of Holland) set up here in 1806. It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre. The Hague is home to one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring .
Officials in Wuhan, the capital city of central China’s Hubei Province, have accused tourists of damaging a statue of the country's first leader and his wife by fondling the woman's exposed breast . Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox that lead them to one another .
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
A new report claims Ivan Milat, Australia's most notorious serial killer, could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . The program also puts Mr Milat face-to-face with the 'wrong man', who was jailed for the first crime his brother committed. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years. Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in  NSW between 1989 and 1992.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. The footage shows climber Karlis Bardelis carefully traversing the ridge, left, but one wrong move sends him tumbling down the icy cliff face in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, right . He continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he's eventually saved by his safety rope after falling ten metres.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning. And while all of the popular products have now officially sold out, more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on eBay, many at higher price points, prompting angry customers who were unable to walk away with Lilly Pulitzer merchandise to boycott the second-hand sellers.
(CNN)Caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali, Roxy Walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny. It's Roxy here.
Juan Mata (right) says Manchester United need to look at the next seven Premier League games as 'finals' The 26-year-old has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side during their five game winning run . Mata celebrates with Ander Herrera after his second goal finished off Aston Villa at Old Trafford .
Nicola Sturgeon, pictured, had asked Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo . She then called on Mr Miliband to publicly commit to working with the SNP to 'lock out' Mr Cameron from Downing Street in the event of a hung parliament. Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood, pictured, has announced a full investigation into the growing scandal .
The way he was: These exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, Dr Frederic Brandt, the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High in New Jersey . Changes: Five decades after his high school photo with his shy smile, steady gaze and dark hair, Dr. Brandt was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones, sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . Dr. Brandt was known for his ‘infectious grin’ and characterized by classmates as having a sense of humor. He was also voted Most Ambitious and Most Talkative student .
Redknapp was speaking at the announcement of a Men United XI vs Leyton Orient Legends charity match . Redknapp  lost close friend and former West Ham team-mate John Bond to prostate cancer .
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month. Mr Scheurle said that it was not the ‘simplest solution’, adding that similar technology is already available for piloting drones - but it could take a decade to develop it for passenger jets.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting ISIS . Her tweets also included a poem 'Mother of the Martyr' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad. She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences. A second charge accused her of disseminating terrorist publications.
Using statistics from Sleep Cycle app users, researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. While two thirds of countries said they spend least amount of time in bed on Sundays.
For days now, detectives have swarmed over three bedroom Leeton home where Stephanie Scott's accused killer, high school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, lived with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke. Detectives had first arrived at the property on Wednesday night speaking to two occupants before Mr Stanford arrived home and charged after investigators discovered discrepancies in his alibi. Daily Mail Australia understands the family have been renting the property, which was constructed in 1960. An advertisement published on the Domain property website touted the positive features of purchasing the three-bedroom home, targeted at potential buyers looking to escape the rental market. 'Why burn your money? Vincent Stanford a .
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August. Britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
The Brazilian midfielder was sent off for Internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow. But fortunately for Anderson, his colleague Fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card, reducing Internacional to nine men in the 1-1 draw in Porto Alegre.
According to the Bakersfield Californian, he then said that he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and later told her to lie about what she'd seen. Shot dead: Ramiro James Villegas, 22, had been shot dead on November 13 by Bakersfield Police after a car chase. A lawyer for the Villegas family said they are also 'very close' to filing a suit of their own.
Australian Financial Review journalist Geoff Winestock (left) has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre (right), who was fired on Sunday over his controversial Anzac day tweets . 'Remembering the summary execution, widespread rape and theft committed by these 'brave' Anzacs in Egypt, Palestine and Japan,' he tweeted. 'SBS apologises for any offence or harm caused by Mr McIntyre’s comments which in no way reflect the views of the network.
Players rose and players fell away on Moving Day at the 2015 Masters. Woods comeback? The 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta.
Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip. The 44-year-old man had recently returned to the UK from a holiday in Algeria (file photo) 'The mind boggles,' commented Tracy Ayre while Suzi Force believes the man should have been punished, saying: 'Give him a holiday in a cell, maybe he will think twice next time!'
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. Message: Mr Lord's daughter Alison said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed 'love to all' and described how he could not live without his wife .
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure but vowed to back the Manchester City midfielder — at least until the end of the season. Sportsmail revealed that Manchester City will listen to offers for Toure in the summer . Manchester City want to sign West Ham left back Aaron Cresswell in the summer . Sam Allardyce has warned Cresswell not to make same mistake as other English players by moving to City .
Mark Clark -- a communications executive representing OSM Maritime Group, the company that manages the King Jacob -- denied that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize. Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily on Monday, according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico.
A complete 13-page checklist, including a bloodstained document seen at the front), from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000). Gemini 4 launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on 3 June 1965 with two astronauts on board. The auction takes place on April 24 in New York.
Chelsea match-winner Cesc Fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over QPR at Loftus Road. The win moved Jose Mourinho's men seven points clear at the top of the table and Fabregas admitted it was an important goal.
During the Reclaim Australia rallies on the Easter weekend, anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. Mr King said he had spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them . 'It was very intense,' Kenji Wardenclyffe told Daily Mail Australia. 'The neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating, trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. Witnessed the confession: Robert Mccombs (left) said that when Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick (right) that he was a child molester, Musick strangled him to death . Mccombs said that the two had breakfast before parting ways. Mccomb's was released from jail in Early March after more than a year behind bars for the 'tampering with evidence' charge.
Reports of Cristiano Ronaldo's decline have been greatly exaggerated: The Real Madrid forward scored five goals against Granada, taking his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season - more than half of Europe's top teams. There are nine teams in the Barclays Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Cristiano Ronaldo has this season.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix. Stewart, a three-time world champion, says there should always be a place for the 'essential' races in Germany, Italy, Britain, France and Monaco as they helped 'motorsport to become what it is today.'
Lada Niva 4x4 £13,395 on the road . We take a look. The Niva (pictured) is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from Russia — for a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover and it is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax) GOOD .
The women, who worked at the dementia unit of the Bupa-run facility, in Bretton, Cambridgeshire, told one woman she was going to be killed. All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses. Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton, Cambridgeshire has 156 rooms which offer nursing, residential and dementia care for elderly people.
Oops: Blundering boyfriend Jake Boys (left), 19, surprised his girlfriend Emily Canham (right), 18, with tickets to see One Direction play in Cardiff - but booked flights to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales . He tweeted: ‘I could see the problem.’ The couple are both popular video bloggers - known as 'vloggers', with Mr Boys having more than 166,000 subscribers on YouTube and Miss Canham more than 114,000.
Carl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence. Instead, Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night but has said he is open to facing the Brit later this year.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday giving his reasons for his decision .
Tim Sherwood is confident Aston Villa can secure their Premier League survival with five games remaining . Sherwood could have Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury while Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho are available again after respective thigh and groin problems.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. Tragedy: Experienced cyclist Mr Uzzell, 51, was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support when he died . His widow Kate Uzzell, 49, from Clevedon, North Somerset, has now reached an out of court settlement with North Yorkshire County Council. However the local authority is still refusing to apologise for the state of the road in the lead up to the cyclist's death.
Enter 'Retrosweat'. Founded by former NIDA graduate Shannon Dooley, 30, the aerobics classes with a twist are all about 'making fitness fabulous'. Scroll down for video . Skin and pins: Typical Retrosweat attire is all about showing off your legs in skimpy Eighties leotards . And with two current locations in Alexandria and Surry Hills that run weekly (and Bondi for a while), Dooley believes the demand is strong and she already has her eyes on even bigger things.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre, and there is interest from China in hosting the event. But Hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC, both of which expire in 2017.
Distraught: The youngster's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britain’s nuclear, transport and public services after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. But a BA pilot, who has been with the company for several years and flies regularly around the world, claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks.
Tom Ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as Derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 4-4 draw at Huddersfield. Play-off chasing Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw Huddersfield have three goals ruled out.
Comfortably Numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds . It costs around $2 (£1.34) to produce, they said .
The Aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. 'He said 'yeah, that's the one'... he kicks me right across the face as my hands were cuffed.' Eathan was released later in the day. Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with conspiracy to commit acts in planning or preparation for an act of terrorism after the raids .
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. Alleged kidnapper: Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St.Paul, Minnesota has been arrested after he allegedly tried to force his 15-year-old girlfriend to be his traditional Hmong bride . In 2009 Xiong was tried in juvenile court or sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl when he was 15. He pleaded guilty.
Former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton got her budding presidential campaign's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks on Tuesday night, and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . DEADLY: The September 11, 2012 Benghazi terror attacks killed four Americans including the US ambassador to Libya . NOT FORGOTTEN: U.S. Ambassader the Libya Chris Stevens was the first to die in Benghazi, and was seen by Libyans as a moderate – angering anti-American hardliners from radical Islamist groups . The four men came home in flag-draped caskets. Such protests were seen in other Muslim countries, but U.S. intelligence determined in real-time that the Benghazi attacks were well-organized and easily traced back to an Islamist terror network.
The parents of a Slovakian model accused of murdering her British millionaire ex-boyfriend are being forced to sell their house to pay her legal bills. The Slovakian model had gone on the run after Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain . Mayka Marica Kukucova, pictured after giving herself up to police in her home town of Nova Bosaca in Slovakia .
Hamayun Tariq, a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in Dudley in the West Midlands, shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs. Tariq served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria late last year.
Argentine Paulo Dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading European clubs . Marca report that Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive . Mundo Deportivo have installed Barcelona as favourites to win the Champions League . Gazzetta dello Sport in Italy praise the performance of Napoli as they beat Wolfsburg 4-1 .
The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season - the club's first in the 54,000-seater Olympic Stadium. Manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club .
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December. It is hoped Sullivan, the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime, can protect Uber from potentially crippling ramifications. Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns . Since, he has headed up the security departments at eBay, PayPal, and Facebook.
David Luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in PSG's 3-1 defeat against Barcelona, according to former England boss Glenn Hoddle. The ex-Chelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday night's Champions League quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals. Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Hoddle, who insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability, believes he still showed his naivety even if he wasn't fully fit.
Murphy, player of the month for February and March, went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connor's pass. He was then on hand when Ukuma Ta'ai, who also scored twice, caught and off-loaded a kick from Danny Brough on 37 minutes. Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
The 25-year-old suspect, who has been identified as Gul Ahmad Saeed, is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said. He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
Concerns are growing over Russian ships that have docked in a once-secret  naval base in the Arctic. But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility. Concerned: They are worried by this perceived show of strength from Moscow (Russian President Vladimir Putin pictured) and its presence on its 'strategically important' coastline .
John Terry and Gary Cahill are built to deal with players like Giroud and everything was played in front of them. The Arsenal fans said it was boring but Chelsea are doing what they need to do to see out a championship.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer if they are to challenge for the Premier League title next season. PETR CECH . Much depends how Francis Coquelin performs between now and the end of the season but Kondogbia is a player of great potential. Paris Saint-Germain . Edinson Cavani has been looking for a move away from Paris and has been linked to Arsenal .
Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. UEFA revealed that the Spanish manager had been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’, in a move likely to cause public outcry.
Barcelona trio Luis Suarez (left), Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi have scored 102 goals this season . Messi curls home Barcelona sixth goal against Getafe at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night .
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae. The jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old. He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault. 'Liam was shaken at four weeks old and his injuries resulted in ongoing health problems.
Natasha Willard was studying for her A levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak . Natasha has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain. Mrs Willard said doctors have told them they are unsure whether she will make progress, but have warned the family she is unlikely to fully return to herself.
For May, who was overlooked for the last three rounds of the RBS 6 Nations, it is the ideal stage to boost his World Cup selection chances.
They were then given meals of either fast food or supplements. Also, levels of glycogen across the two groups were almost the same - with the fast food group being slightly higher.
Speaking to CNN from his Miami training base ahead of the April 25 showdown with American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York, Klitschko said the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset. "Ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country and live under Western democracy.
Foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figure show . Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
Corinna Skorpenske, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter Harley Jo, a student at Ohio State University, and her condition. When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers.
As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags before fleeing. Police have described the incident on April 3 as 'appalling' and have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender.
The SNP leader demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds . Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘at least’ £160 a week. Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats into the basement below  and a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column. There was potential for a complete disaster. It was caused by your arrogance and greed.' Before the incident, two storeys of flats sat above the premises the brothers were trying to convert .
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths. However, about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week's school trip after their parents said they  would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and expressed 'grave concerns' about the teaching of Islam.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time, if Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. PARTISAN: Kansas Republican Gov. Recipients would be limited, for the first time, to withdrawing  $25 in cash per day. Liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments. It has already presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, known as TANF, during his first term in office.
Called Adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used. Once installed the app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride, it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute.
As the Mail reveals today, the sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose. It wasn't.
When the Prince and Camilla became engaged in February 2005, only 7 per cent of people polled by YouGov thought Camilla should one day be Queen. Almost half of all Britons believe Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, right, should become Queen when Prince Charles accedes to the throne although 35 per cent believe she should be rewarded with a lesser title .
Britons have one of the most powerful passports in the world, allowing visa-free access to 174 countries . Research by travel website GoEuro found that the British passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study, and it takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off.
Around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai says she has used Chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant .
He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: ''I'm not sorry for what I did.' Maniac: Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the the cold-blooded murder of his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday. He was sentenced to life terms in prison . Prosecutors said Santana 'delighted' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman. In court documents, Santana (right) admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio (left), a Disney World employee, to death, and then having sex with her corpse . He also went and got a haircut.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral, as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple. Andy Murray and his wife Kim are all smiles after tying the knot at Dunblane Cathedral . Clearly unable to contain his excitement this morning, tennis ace Murray posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers which shows his plans for the day - through the use of emojis.
One in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night, according to a new study. The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products,  medication... and action figures. Confessions of a shopaholic: 13 per cent of those surveyed admit to online shopping three to four times per day . THE SNEAKY SHOPPER . THE ADDICT .
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season after David Meyler’s red card challenge on Saturday. David Meyler (left) lunges in high on Kyle Naughton and was sent off the poor challenge on Saturday .
Gavern, in his 50th fight, was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle. Joshua will now face the toughest test of his career when he takes on Kevin Johnson next month.
(CNN)Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez. Many were helplessly caught in the cartel violence.
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million 'sleep' playlists and revealed that Ed Sheeran's hit song, Thinking Out Loud, is the top song that people fall asleep to .
After: The square is now piled with rubble after tall temples were brought down by the force of the earthquake . In the largest, known as the Kathmandu Durbar Square, rubble was piled up today after a large stepped temple was obliterated in the quake. The Buddhist site dates back 1,500 years, and is considered one of the holiest places in the world for residents of neighbouring Tibet.
In particular, they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions. To make these conclusions, a team led by Dr Matthew Clarkson and Professor Rachel Wood analysed rocks in the United Arab Emirates - which were on the ocean floor at the time - to develop a climate model to work out what drove the extinction. Permian mass extinction - 252 million years ago .
But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna. Many of them kneel before him to pray and touch his hooves. Celebrating him: Local schoolchildren kneel and pray at Nandi's feet.
'You have been given a license to kill (as James Bond), I'm now giving you a license to save,' U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told Craig at United Nations headquarters in New York. Long post: Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause .
Dion Dublin made his presenting debut on Monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted BBC television show Homes Under The Hammer. A before shot of the three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford .
The China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China, and if necessary, the police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted.
Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. Jessica Silva reveals on 60 Minutes that 'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness' Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead' On Sunday night, Jessica Silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day, Mother’s Day 2012, when she stabbed and killed her partner, the father of her young son. Jessica Silva was been found guilty of manslaughter after stabbing her partner James Polkinghorne on Mother's Day in 2012 and was given a 2-year suspended sentence. See the full story on 60 Minutes at 8.30pm on Nine tonight .
Adam Leheup, 34, was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court . The pair had met her just hours earlier on  July 9, 2013, after the pair chatted on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app. Leheup appeared emotional after he was cleared of the charges following a week long trial at Blackfriars Crown Court .
Hazard, being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine, left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control. Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg . Chelsea's star man has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and could add to that at the Emirates .
Distressed relatives of students wait outside the Barcelona high school where a 13-year-old boy allegedly shot and killed a teacher using a crossbow, and injuring four people . 'During the incident four people were slightly injured, two female teachers and two pupils. The attack took place on the 16th anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre when seniors Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold shot and killed 12 students and one teacher.
So said Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn, two self-styled intelligence experts in the Thirties, who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. Although there have been Asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor. We're the last bastion of Englishness and I want to keep it that way.'
The master of the light, genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on." For the inaugural "Lord of the Rings" film, Jackson reached out to Lesnie after seeing his work on "Babe" (1995) and its 1998 sequel.
The Prime Minister will be absent when Mr Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown, after agreeing to just one direct confrontation with his rival in the race for Number 10. Speaking on a campaign visit to north London, Mr Miliband said: 'David Cameron has chosen not to turn up tonight to defend his record. Speaking alongside the Tory leader north of the border, Ruth Davidson, at the Emirates Arena, Mr Cameron insisted he had 'unblocked the logjam' that was preventing the events happening at all.
(CNN)Living under ISIS. "Iron Man" Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with the questions of a British interviewer.
Thiago Silva is gearing up to play Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final this week and the Paris Saint-Germain defender believes he will face an attack possessing the three best players in the world. Silva (centre) prepared for the visit of Barcelona by lifting the French League Cup with PSG on Saturday .
PRIVATE VILLAS: Melgen owns a house at Casa de Campo where he entertained Menendez on several occasions at his own expense . And Melgen has contributed $8,600 to Hillary Clinton's campaigns for the U.S. Senate and the White House, according to public records compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics. ONE-PERCENTERS: Melgen and Fanjul have houses like this one at Casa de Campo; Bill Clinton has stayed with both of them . Alfy Fanjul also played a small part in the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal that dogged Clinton's 1990s presidency and resulted in his impeachment. WELCOME TO THE D.R.
Jericho Scott (seen at age nine) was killed early on Sunday while he sat in a car in New Haven, Connecticut . Scott was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials informed him he could no longer pitch for his team. The murder was the city's fourth homicide of 2015 and its first youth killing of the year .
Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello hopes the Sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on Sunday at Udinese. The Islanders have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan. Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo.
To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League. Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka (right) is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures this season . 'I think by winning four games we will get promotion, but it is very difficult. The leading quartet could all guarantee their place in the play-offs at least with midweek victories.
Pictures show him crawling desperately towards the safety of the bull bars, but he was unable to make it before the horn hit him square between the legs . Witnesses said the man was seen limping towards medical crews after the attack, but was unsupported and appeared not to have been seriously hurt .
Yesterday, as commemorations were held all over the world to mark the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign, the Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner, attended by Princess Anne. Later the Queen, joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and political leaders, led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall, while Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
William Schultz (left) was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren (right) was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay . The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury’s store in Coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ‘sprinting’ towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. Miss Copeland was then issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in October last year, but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated. She was then fined £304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £200 court costs.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time . Goals: Sanchez 39, 106 . ‘We stick by him. Arsenal had an inconsistent first half before Sanchez struck clinically after Mesut Ozil passed to him excellently . Gareth McCleary's second-half strike went over the line for Reading after a deflection from Keiran Gibbs .
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise . The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London. Tottenham's new state-of-the-art stadium is due to be ready in time for the 2018-19 season .
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group, ordered by the White House, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy, ABC news reported on Sunday. Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein, who was snatched by Al-Qaeda in Pakistan in 2011, confirmed it had paid a ransom to try to secure his release, which was in the amount of $250,000, according to CBS News. Hostage James Foley was killed by Islamic State fighters.
A man was allegedly bashed by a family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonald's drive-through after he waved at them thinking they were his friends. Despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing Mr Mcinerney. 'One did a hand gesture to which another took offence. Supt Jorgensen said Mr Mcinerney and the 35-year-old male drive and his 36-year-old female companion were arrested and later released without charge.
Praising Putin: Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesperson applauded Russian President Vladimir Putin's nationalist credentials . ‘He is a very strong leader. Mrs James' comments came as Ukip’s election campaign chief admitted the party sometimes resembles a ‘rugby club on tour’ with members who can be ‘boorish’ and ‘chauvinistic’.
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. Instead, he is visiting the reality show to 'assist another patient'.
However, because no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight. Ashton Wood issued this apology to Jeep after the car company requested he apologise for criticising them . The Queenslander launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his car in protest . He is now campaigning for the United State's Lemon laws to be introduced in Australia. A spokesperson for Jeep told Daily Mail Australia 'we never comment on individual cases except to say we have and always will treat Mr Wood in a fair and professional manner'.
Frankie, pictured left at her Mum's wedding in 2010, always thought of herself as the 'fat bridesmaid' however she has now lost six stone and is looking forward to her own wedding .
Domestic violence charges against Hardy, who signed with Dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify. The jury trial for Hardy had been set to begin in Charlotte after he was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder, and threatening to kill her.
Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt - picture shows the Russian outfit take on David Beckham (pictured) and his then Manchester United team-mates in 1995 . A Manchester United side containing the likes of David Beckham, Paul Scholes and Roy Keane were eliminated from the first round of the UEFA Cup in 1995.
'It's important to win a match and gain some continuity,' De Sanctis said. Miralem Pjanic slots home to put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack . Napoli manager Rafa Benitez shows the strain after his side failed to win for the fifth straight game .
The Champions have creaked in recent weeks and England flanker Wood, who claims Saints’ opponents have ‘smelt blood’, is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the RBS 6 Nations.
Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers, and North Manchester General after the deaths of another three babies and one mother. Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year, while newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, where Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, CBS reported.
In exchange for the waiver — which means Alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain — Allegheny County prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors. The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe  created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. And in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. The gadget (pictured) is powered by Lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2W and 1.2W.
Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters, Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. In the manner of his great friend Tiger Woods, he drained it. 15 Nick Faldo, 1989 . 13 Phil Mickelson, 2004 .
Lukas Podolski insists he is prepared to fight for his place at Arsenal when he arrives back at the club in the summer. The German forward has yet to score since arriving in Serie A in January . Podolski struggled for first-team opportunities in north London before leaving the Gunners on loan .
In a news release, it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early Wednesday, the university said.
They found at a busy asphalted road through the Sebitoli area of Kibale National Park in Uganda, the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing. Scientists discovered the chimps will also often run across roads, while dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely. 'Chimpanzees crossed in small subgroups.
At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ‘best week of my life’ after captaining Tottenham .
The battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge . But her council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge, although it has to be cut to 20ft.
It predicted that numbers of deaths in Britain, which have been falling for 40 years, will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades. At the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts, and the increasing fees demanded by churches. A ‘simple’ funeral, with a cremation, a minister and an undertaker, now costs an average of £3,590, it found.
Michael Vaughan with Peter Moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as England coach . Paul Downton, with whom Moores was close, was sacked as managing director of England cricket . Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Downton .
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon (artist's illustration shown) it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally . Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim .
The celebrity former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
Tokyo (CNN)A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables, mostly packed in checked luggage. Police set up a hidden camera inside the belly of a plane last year and caught baggage handlers rifling through luggage and stealing various items.
He replied: 'Yes, Yaya. Midfield player Toure (left) signed for City for a fee of £24million from Barcelona in 2010 . Toure (centre) led City to the Premier League title 2012 and inspired an important victory at Newcastle . A winning goal in an FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United in 2011 was followed by another, against Stoke City, in the final. They will miss him when he goes.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs.
The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. Knight runs over Sloan's leg and then plows into Carter . The video shows Knight's pickup truck  pulling up to the driveway of the burger stand and Cle 'Bone' Sloan approaching the driver's side window. Among the other key pieces of evidence shown to the court were images of Knight taken immediately after his arrest. An hour-long interview with Sloan, who survived, describing what happened was also released. The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation .
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. 'The outage was caused by a failure during a daily system refresh. This outage also affects our Evolution Fresh and Teavana stores.' According to reports from around the country, many Starbucks locations in places like Florida, Tennessee and Arizona closed their doors so as not to give away free products during the shutdown.
United are gearing up for a trip to Everton, and the game will be Fellaini's first return to his former club . Louis van Gaal has spoken to Fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to Goodison Park . That’s why his performances are better just now.’ United have confirmed that Rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury, and Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the trip to Goodison after all four players missed the defeat at Chelsea.
Lewis Hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday . Keke Rosberg . Rosberg’s race engineer. His father, Keke, was 1982 world champion. Having married last year, he and Vivian are expecting their first child in August, during the sport’s summer break. Rosberg’s deficit to Hamilton was six-tenths of a second in qualifying on Saturday . His solid family background is the bedrock of his life.
Los Angeles Clippers' point guard Chris Paul (left) scored 32 points as they beat San Antonio Spurs . Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks defeated Brooklyn Nets 99-92 on Sunday evening .
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old, the businessman, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one every week, including to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey. Mr Tuckett says his customers love the Model T - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they don't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car, with each one selling for  around £10,000. Sales pitch: Mr Tuckett says: 'They're like a giant meccano set really, and so beautifully simple and reliable they just won't let you down.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s 3-0 defeat by Porto U21s on Wednesday . Mourinho avoided the Champions League fixtures as he visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior (left) Fulham's Liam Donnelley is dragged away  by team mates after his red card against Porto .
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe (left) have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . This is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . The recent images of Sterling will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million to sign the star .
Thiago (right) heads in Bayern Munich's first goal during their 6-1 win over Porto on Tuesday night . One experienced German journalist who has been watching Bayern for 35 years commented last night: 'Thiago might well be the most technically-gifted central midfielder who has ever played for Bayern.' Thiago dictated the pace of the game from deep for Bayern Munich as they crushed Porto .
Graduate Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. Cardiff Coroner’s Court heard how the trio got out of the taxi to ‘use an ATM’ before making a run for it.
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson (above), allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday . The running back (above with wife Ashley) in set to make $12.75million this season with the Minnesota Vikings .
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks despite the fact that he's ineligible . The Aviva Premiership side now face the prospect of having points deducted for the misdemeanour .
An arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced AFL premiership player Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences. He was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Cousins retired from the AFL in 2010.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. The women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. Case: Steele argued last month that he was not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect to first-degree intentional homicide charges because he could not resist impulses . Steele’s last memory from that day, according to his attorney, is of him trying to find a pair of scissors to cut the restraint around his wife’s neck.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol,but not one to be especially loved. Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs, Downstairs. The White House is never untenanted.
Kennth Crowder was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood claiming he was God . A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016. Thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments, with the Australian government estimating more than 39,000 children under the age of seven have not been vaccinated because of their parents' objections.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill, and a photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian’s fifth World Cup triumph. But Sportsmail’s David Lloyd, who is part of the ICC’s umpire selection panel, has added his voice to the chorus of criticism aimed at the Australians.
The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before, bringing the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million. Pale skin icons include the likes of Keira Knightley, pictured (above) at the 87th annual Academy Awards, Cara Delevingne and Gwyneth Paltrow .
The 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit, because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st, he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Brazilian midfielder Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games . Ramires (left) is set to be restored to the Chelsea midfield for west London at QPR on Sunday .
The man in his twenties, who was holding two knives, stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol, reported the People's Daily Online. Chinese social media users praised 'tough girl' Cao Yu for her incredible bravery .
Lea told BuzzFeed. Girls on top: Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado features talented women in the tech industry, such as Postmates exec Sara Mauskopf, on her blog Women of Silicon Valley . Looking up: The blog has attracted attention from the best in the business, including women-in-tech advocate Tracy Chou, a software engineer at Pinterest . But the numbers don't look good when it comes to some of the world’s most well-known tech companies.
Fireman Xu Weiguo, who was also inside the apartment, immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down .
Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. Instead, Benaut's family opted for a smaller service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park attended only by family and close friends. In the memorial booklet, his family described Benaud as 'a special person who means so much to each of us in many different ways.'
A nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into 96-year-old Phyllis Hadlow's (pictured) mouth to silence the dementia patient's screams . She also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff: 'My son said if they do it to you, you can do it to them.' A court heard how Roberts, 53, mistreated Mrs Hadlow when the elderly widow was being treated at the hospital.
Eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
The report alleges that Rezaian, 39, obtained economic and industrial information from the country and then sold it to unnamed Americans. An Iranian news agency considered to be close to Iran hard-liners claims that Rezaian (pictured with his wife Yaganeh Salehi) has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' Rezaian and his wife, Iranian-born Yeganeh Salehi, were taken from their Tehran home on July 22 and detained with two photojournalists. Rezaian was not allowed to hire a lawyer until seven months after he was first arrested.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides .
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute . Cathcart races away to celebrate his decisive goal for the Hornets .
A new poll has revealed that Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl. Diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby, name after Williams mother - the late Princess Of Wales .
"Marijuana...?" I know how easy it is do nothing because I did nothing for too long.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily . Emily was  born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday, reported The Brisbane Times. The 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 Rio Olympics the day before she went into labour . The 32-year-old plans to be back in training in just three weeks, and will continue to work towards her goal of competing in the 400 metre hurdles in Beijing and Rio.
Grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to Australia of two young children whose mother took them from Melbourne to the Islamic State capital in Syria. Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year, and she regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl.'
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates. One is a GMC and the other is a Chevrolet, but they are mechanically identical . CONVOY: Scooby-one and Scooby-two took up positions in Hillary's motorcade on a freeway near Des Moines . Hillary Clinton climbs into the so-called Scooby van after a campaign stop at Capital City Fruit in Norwalk, Iowa .
Incredibly, a week after his initial operation at Delhi's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs (2.5kg) was removed. Both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7lbs (2.1kg), which was removed in Dhule, India, in 2011, according to Guinness World Records. He will soon receive a kidney transplant. Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) is an inherited condition that causes small, fluid-filled sacs called cysts to develop in the kidneys.
Jordan Spieth (left) sent a number of Augusta records tumbling on his way to winning The Masters . I think Jordan Spieth is a great person - just as I think Rory McIlroy is - to carry the mantle for the game of golf. 'And now we have Jordan Spieth.
Ms Bialek's husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday. 'Jessica is safe and at home. Found. The family of a photographer who vanished had earlier made a desperate plea for her to come home. The mother-of-one  was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am . Police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of Jessica smiling (left) as an investigation is launched into her disappearance . Ms Bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion.
Former Italy forward Antonio Di Natale has described Alexis Sanchez as the best strike partner he's ever had and insisted the Arsenal forward is better than Neymar. The Chilean played alongside Di Natale (left) for five years at Serie A side Udinese .
A furious Mr Shapps denied the claims, published by the Guardian, describing them as an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’. David Cameron defended Mr Shapps, saying that the party chairman is doing 'a great job' while on the campaign trail today.
The mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. Presenter Fern Britton, who suffers from depression, has revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband Clive Jones . Fern and husband Phil Vickery will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month . The couple met on the TV food show Ready, Steady, Cook . Today, as she promotes her sixth novel 'A Good Catch' Fern is happy, positive and looking forward to a bright - and Botox-free - future.
The QPR striker will continue to be monitored by England head coach Roy Hodgson and assistant Ray Lewington ahead of the friendly with Republic of Ireland on June 7 and the Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia seven days later. Charlie Austin, in action against Chelsea on Sunday, has scored 17 times for Queens Park Rangers this term .
Twelve-year-old Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. Alfie's owner Lynne Edwards, said she only realised something was wrong with the pet when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back . King Charles Spaniel Alfie, who suffered three degree burns after vets place a heat pad on his back that had been warmed in a microwave .
A Liberal Democrat candidate has thanked Nick Clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters. Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said his own party leader Nick Clegg was 'not the most popular' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn.
Poisoned by Botox? Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy . The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Benjamin. The case later settled for a confidential amount.
Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker has labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' during last night's leader's debate. The Match of the Day presenter launched the scathing attack on the head of Ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic TV election debate . Former Arsenal and Tottenham defender Sol Campbell got stuck in to Labour leader Ed Miliband saying he was 'no leader' Mr Lineker suggested a more football-friendly way to end the debate- with a penalty shoot-out .
The French striker, who has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season, missed Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from. Spanish newspapers  report that Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's clash against Atletico on Wednesday .
Laughing with her husband, Kim Jong-un, as the pair watch a celebratory football match, Ri Sol-Ju is seen for the first time since December . Ri Sol-ju here is seen wearing a wedding ring and her husband Kim Jong-un an expensive watch.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club. Protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday, but Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences. Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday .
Anderson Silva met with Brazilian taekwondo officials  and will compete for a spot in the 2016 Olympics team .
Alarming message: This controversial anti-cesarean meme posted on the Disciples of the New Dawn's Facebook page on Sunday has been shared nearly 80,000 times . And while it remains unclear as to whether or not the page was created with the sole intention of inciting fury, its most recent postings have taken the internet by storm. 'I am proud to have had a C-section!
Innocent victim: One-year-old Malaja (left and right) was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon. Target: Police say a black car pulled alongside this silver Chevrolet Impala carrying Malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire, striking the 1-year-old in the head .
Explosion: A second eruption from the Calbuco volcano in Chile (pictured) has forced over 4,000 people to abandoned their homes and covered nearby communities in ash . Local authorities have evacuated 4,000 people away from the gas and ash contaminating the air and closed access to the area around the volcano which lies near the cities of Puerto Varas and Puerto Montt - 620 miles south of the capital Santiago. Abandoned: Chile's President Michelle Bachelet has declared a state of emergency even though no one is believed to be injured since the first explosion yesterday .
Qantas have released photos of koalas in Business Class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves . The four koalas are being gifted to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence . Julie Bishop announced this special gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures at Brisbane's Lone Pine Sanctuary.
But it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his opening-day 67. Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes, finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots. And that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue.
Amanda Knox may have finally cleared her name, but eight years of legal battles have left the Seattle native penniless, exhausted and traumatized from stress, claims her biographer. On top of her fight to be declared innocent, Preston claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees. Knox, 27, fought the Italian legal system for eight years, spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court in late March for the murder of Meredith Kercher. Kercher was discovered in a pool of blood in the house she shared with Kercher in November 2007. Knox and Sollecito was found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
Britain's youngest sex swap patient has resorted to working as an escort - to pay for her treatment. Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, hit the headlines when, at 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But Rihanna blames NHS medics for clouding her focus - and says she does want to be a woman . At 17, she began a course of hormone injections but stopped the treatment after two suicide attempts. I just wanted to be happy.
Amal and George Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their Lake Como home for a belated celebration of her 37th birthday . It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy. Earlier this month the mayor of Laglio - the exclusive community in which the house is set - increased fines to 500 euros for anyone caught loitering around the property. Mr and Mrs Clooney wed in September in Venice.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?' I’m over it.’ The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign — including vandalised posters, a petition, a protest rally and even a bomb threat .
According to new data, the average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London . Known as 'Chelsea-on-Sea,' the idyllic waterside community is a yachting and sailing paradise, and home to fresh seafood and many stunning beaches.
Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users. She worked with 352 students at a Midwestern suburban school district during the research.
After just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit, the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue. '(On Saturday) we were 14th fastest, so (on Sunday) if nothing happens we will be 14th fastest in the race probably.
Elche celebrate after striker Jonathas scored to clinch a 1-0 win over Real Sociedad in La Liga on Monday . Barcelona are top of the league on 78 points, two ahead of rivals Real Madrid in second-place.
British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group that claimed responsibility for the Thursday attack.
A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown. 'Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents' following the incident, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN.
Scroll down for video . One says 'Cars have bumpers, people don't'. Some have criticized the Philadelphia campaign for focuses too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit by cars.
The crowd were trying to get into see British Crust Punk band Doom who were performing inside the venue . Seven people were critically injured in the crush with five others treated in hospital  for minor ailments .
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves  after going to the toilet.
Dominika Petrinova decided to get her painful revenge by gluing wax strips to the plastic chair after her boyfriend's previous prank where he told her that their pet dog called Sam was in the washing machine . Mr Meldik, 31, cried and screamed as he tried to free himself, before he eventually ripped himself off the chair, leaving a fair portion of skin and hair behind in the process.
Wolverhampton's Benik Afobe (right) celebrates scoring the winner in a 1-0 defeat of Wigan . The Latics had James McClean sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time .
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. The second service member is listed in critical condition.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursday’s management board meeting ahead of Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart, who have both registered their interest.
Disgusted: A restaurant customer in Tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu. Upon arrival at the scene, police officers said they witnessed the cooks hurriedly throw a decapitated dog carcass in a kitchen waste bin.
‘I’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in a new interview to promote her role as Mulberry’s new muse. Cressida Bonas, 26, (pictured) says she is more than happy being single following her split from Prince Harry . She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory, the Catholic comprehensive which counts Nick Clegg’s son as a pupil.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14.
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. Family: Ace (far left) and Holly (far right) are seen with their owner and trainer, Dai Aoki.
Millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute Magaye Gueye after he scored their second goal . Martyn Waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for Wigan and one for Millwall in the fiesty clash . Sent off: Upson . What a time for it. Millwall's Aiden O'Brien (left) competes with Emmerson Boyce of Wigan during the relegation six-pointer .
Ukip candidate Kim Rose (pictured handing out sausage rolls today) is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls . Laughing off the allegations, he said: 'Thank God they didn't find out about the Jaffa Cakes. Ukip leader Nigel Farage weighed into the dispute, backing Mr Rose. He said: 'I think it’s utter nonsense.
The sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers.
Mr Manyang's partner and mother of the children, Akon Guode, was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash. One-year-old Bol (left) and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger (right) all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday . Mr Manyang says his partner told him she 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving and can only remember parts of the aftermath of the crash, The Age reports.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home Falkirk, Stirlingshire last December. As she lay dead on the floor, the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes. However, within minutes, Mathieson – who was high on cocaine - stabbed her 44 times and cut her throat.
Rovers twice came came from behind, trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the Kingstone Press Championship heavyweights, before easing clear with five tries in the final 18 minutes.
A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula . During his address, Mr Abbott said the troops became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. Emergency landing: The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming . The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen. The worker, an employee of Menzies Aviation, walked off the plane and appeared well, but was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Airbus are set to cram an extra seat into their Airbus 380 in the middle section. The change is due to come into place in 2017 . 'We want to give a choice to the 90 per cent of the economy passengers.
Man of the Match: Tom Ince . Vydra (left) smiles to the crowd after putting Watford 1-0 up with his fifth goal in seven matches . He took a touch and was brought down by Marco Motta. Bent swivels to shoot at Gomes in the Watford goal, but he puts it wide and misses the chance to score .
Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal, although information is starting to trickle through, with the heartwarming news that Ballantyne Forder is safe. Australian actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche. The post has been shared more than 300 times. Officials have confirmed about 100 New Zealanders in Nepal are safe but are still trying to reach other Kiwis in the affected areas. Home Ministry official Laxmi Dhakal warned the death toll is almost certain to rise.
The former England Under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Margaret Bates, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Margaret and Tommy Bates are speaking about their daughter Kelly-Anne's brutal murder for the first time . Sadistic killer James Smith . The jury at Smith's trial was offered counselling due to the horrific details of the case.
At the launch of their manifesto today, the Liberal Democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ‘from cradle to college’. Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years – and also in line with inflation from 2018. Mr Clegg will claim the Lib Dems are now ‘the party of education’ and the school funding commitment is firm because it will be on the front page of today’s manifesto of pledges .
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol, where he was staying with friends, but failed to resurface. His desperate friends dragged Mr Nicol, who was born in Glasgow, out of the water and tried to save him.
The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the Twickenham Stoop - where they will compete for their first European title since 2006.
Manchester City have twice lifted the FA Youth Cup - in 1986 and 2008. Chelsea have made the competition their own in recent years and this is their fifth final in six seasons. Their wins in 2010, 2012 and 2014 added to earlier successes in 1960 and 1961. CHELSEA .
Crystal Palace co-chairman Steve Parish described a 'great moment' as he basked in the glory of his club's 2-1 win over champions Manchester City. After the game, Parish posed for a picture at Selhurst Park with Palace manager Alan Pardew, England boss Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman - one of the original members of The Rolling Stones and avid Palace fan.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old  neighbour. But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody, leaving her face unrecognisable. Pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across Brazil .
(CNN)All Elizabeth Sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. But she couldn't. That's what she said in a video posted to Facebook that shows her group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane as it sat at the gate in Hawaii. And she got an apology. While our employee had the customer's well-being in mind, the situation could have been handled differently."
Julie McKenzie was assured by her GP that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. But Julie, 53, felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013. A month after seeing her GP, and feeling increasingly desperate, Julie, an administrator, who is divorced with two grown-up children, and lives in Bushey, Herts, used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon, Robert Lee. It contained a tumour.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire before becoming a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology. The 32-year-old from Eastleigh has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child.
official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. Lynch is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder. 'Loretta’s confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe, keep our nation secure, and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law.' Ten . Republicans voted for Lynch, including Senate Majority Leader . Florida's Marco Rubio did not vote in her favor. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation that later began flying around Twitter indicates the Texas senator skipped town early to make a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks .
Chris Gayle (left) uploaded an Instagram picture behind the DJ decks ahead of the IPL season on Tuesday . Virat Kohli (left) and Gayle pictured playing for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2012 tournament .
Authorities in Texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish Lamborghini. Now its Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate '370H55V' - after the Texan Department for Motor Vehicles saw it spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy – known collectively as Slide Christchurch – videoed themselves descending New Zealand's Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as 'slide trikes'. After a quick thumbs up, the three men begin their descent – the video is captured on a helmet camera. Jolly stated that judging by the faces of onlookers the group managed to hit speeds of over 60mph .
Goals: Afobe 46, Sako 72 . Suddenly a tight, strangely underwhelming, match, had a breakthrough and Wolves duly capitalised on it as Bakary Sako doubled the lead from the penalty spot. Wolves defender Dominic Iorfa (right) battles for the ball with Forest striker Chuba Akpom .
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of Damascus, as she fled the militants (pictured, Islamic State fighters as they captured the camp ten days ago) According to relief workers in the area, Zeynab was killed on Tuesday as she tried to make her way from Yarmouk to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army (pictured, ISIS fighters in Yarmouk) The worker, named only as Nina, also revealed that activists and relief workers were also being targeted by ISIS, according to the IBTimes. Around 18,000 Palestinians have been under siege in Yarmouk since 2012, before ISIS fighters moved in earlier this month.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrew was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30 . Mr Andrews was appearing on 7.30 following the Federal Government's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq .
Eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch TVs at the opening of a new Aldi store. The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning.
Teenager Li Hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil, the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par. That left overnight leader Aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play, only for the 25-year-old to hole from 18 feet for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last. Kiradech Aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second European Tour title in Shenzhen .
Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ‘best week of my life’ after captaining Tottenham . Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City - who play Crystal Palace on Monday night - with a vastly inferior goal difference. At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with Burnley .
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'. But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested and subsequently treated with antibiotics. The only recorded cases during the 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested.
He'll tee off this week at the Masters on his third. Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week . In a nice bit of serendipity, his first appearance in the Masters coincides with Donate Life Month.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news  through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. 'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery. Early diagnosis is key.'
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba, Melbourne . The men filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes . However they failed to get the large loot in the boot . They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash . The men are wanted for five similar break-ins in the area .
ESPN's First Take anchor Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming that Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history . When co-host Cari Champion said she had an issue with Mayweather's domestic violence history, Smith said that was because she's a woman and 'should feel that way . 'I am a boxing fan. When I'm talking about Mayweather-Pacquiao, I'm thinking about two dudes strictly in the boxing ring.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. The volume has been compiled by Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
A Melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. Pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious, cancelling the account of Jeffrey Green.
Jordan Waddingham made a startling discovery after finding the world's largest European wasp nest . The 90-kilogram nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres after it was located among a blueberry bush and destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant.
The SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10, even if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats. Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the Tories out of power .
Chloe was playing with a friend on Wednesday afternoon when she approached Huminski, who had stopped his car to drink a beer, and squirted him with her water pistol. The child’s body was found around two hours later, three miles away in the Dubrulle Wood. Shocking: Prosecutor Jean-Pierre Valensi (pictured) said forensic investigators reported evidence of 'strangulation and sexual violence', and that the Polish man in question had admitted to the killing .
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban. Leicester . Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester's trip to West Brom. Defender Upson missed the 2-1 win over West Ham last week with an achilles problem while midfielder Hammond has been sidelined since January with a calf issue but both are back in training.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment, scientists have warned. The new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world's largest studies into the effects of HRT - used to ease the effects of menopause. But for those women taking oestrogen only treatment, the risk for invasive breast cancer fell.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. United are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's UEFA U19 Youth League competition.
In reply, he said the 'American Idol' winner has 'a lovely voice', but added that she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'. Within minutes, Wallace's response had sparked outrage online. Now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks - which he made on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday - in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com. Clarkson, who coincidentally spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show the same day, is married to talent manager Brandon Blackstock.
Usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from Spain and South America. Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March.
Sergio Aguero and Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday afternoon . It has always been rare to find a football club with a hometown manager. Louis van Gaal has tried to immerse himself in the local culture after taking over as manager last summer . No United fans from Manchester?
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma. The league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, (pictured) is the first female female pilot in the Afghan military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . Last week she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award . The family has been forced to move several times for safety reasons.
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer. "We were bored and didn't have anything to do, so we decided to kill somebody."
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier, the Bundesliga's leading goalscorer, is out for the season with a knee injury. Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of the Bayern Munich duo of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16).
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch. Rubi Light had the option of running Friday’s shorter Topham Chase but Hennessy said: ‘He is going to run. Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner in the Grand National .
The Canadian player is a center and has been with the Kings since 2008. He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews, who is a Fox Sports reporter and co-hosts "Dancing with the Stars."
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students. The other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and none show traces of recycled water.
Steve Bruce is confident he can keep Hull City in the Premier League this season and avoid relegation . Hull were beaten 2-0 by Southampton on Saturday and are just two points clear of the drop zone .
Last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail . Lapointe confessed to raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole. Lapointe's lawyer and supporters said the evidence showed he could not have committed the crimes and his mental disability made him vulnerable to giving a false confession.
Cate McGregor - now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force - spent 40 years in the Army, most of those under the name Malcolm . She tried to resign from the office of former Chief of Army David Morrison when her transformation became public. He refused her resignation. The senior officer addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series . McGregor believes Mr Abbott wasn't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party.
(CNN)Twenty years ago, on April 19, 1995, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
But while most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses, not everyone ditches the extra-long look when they hit adulthood. And recently, supermodel Twiggy stood up for older women with long locks. I thought, “Good on you, girl.”’ Here, some of Britain’s real-life Rapunzels show off their locks —and explain why they’d never consider going for the chop… .
By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts associated with emotion . In particular, these emotional passages stimulated the left amygdala of the brain, which processes emotional reactions, and the insula. Researchers screened all seven Harry Potter novels and selected 120 passages, each of which was four lines long and didn't require a high level of familiarity with the books.
Murdered at random: Sherry Arnold, a popular maths teacher from the small town of Sidney, Montana, was on a morning jog on January 7 when she disappeared. She was pulled into a car by Spell and his friend, strangled to death, and then buried 50 miles away in North Dakota . Michael Keith Spell was sentenced to 100 years prison Friday for the murder of Mrs Arnold .
Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers . Authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men, which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs, were sent between 2011 and 2012. 'It's not against the law to put an animal down,' an officer said, referring to a black man in Furminger's house. Police commissioners at the time reached a $83,000 out of court settlement with the gay man.
Pepe climbs highest as the players that didn;t start in the Champions League trained on Wednesday . Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu looking to keep the pressure on league leaders Barcelona, who face Valencia on the same day.
Sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. NBC reports that Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Gemma Collins  launched several additions to her Evans range today at the chain's Manchester store . The star looked very summery in a blue floral number from the collection .
A court was told she had tried to avoid a queue of traffic that had built up by veering into the outside lane at up to 88mph. As Mr Bell crouched with Mr Tretheway, he was struck and killed.
There was no glorious Team Sky send-off for Sir Bradley Wiggins despite a terrific effort from the Briton in the Paris-Roubaix. Bradley Wiggins sits on the floor after failing to win his final race with Team Sky in the Parsi-Roubaix .
Jose Mourinho might have called it poetic justice as Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time to deliver a major blow to Burnley's prospects of staying in the Premier League. Everton forward Kevin Mirallas (right) opens the scoring on his return to the first team at Goodison Park . They had already missed a penalty from Ross Barkley by that stage. Goalscorer Mirallas was booked for this studs-up challenge on George Boyd but the winger could have easily been shown a red card . Barnsley striker Barnes (left) is given his marching orders for a second bookable offence .
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure remains a top target for Serie A giants Inter Milan . City want to keep Toure, who currently earns £220,000-per-week, and will offer him a new contract at the end of the season, which will also include the opportunity to take up an ambassadorial role at the club when his playing days are over.
Dr Joe Devlin, a neuroscientist at University College London, told the Guardian: 'The fact that they show less activity there reflects the fact that they simply find speech less effortful and I suspect part of that has to do with practice. ' However, the comedians and other super speakers showed lower levels of activity in an area of the brain known as Broca's region.
Ashy Bines, who is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge, is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago, the Gold Coast Bulletin reports. The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans have reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of. Mr Evans is currently locked in a court battle with rival fitness guru Emily Anderson.
Authorities say 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina, according to a report from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The woman was treated at a local hospital for broken ribs and a concussion.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. The executive director in distressed investing – which concerns companies in financial difficulties – is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination. Goldman Sachs executive Sonia Pereiro-Mendez  claims after she became pregnant she was cheated out of millions of pounds .
Michael Bisping gets up close to CB Dolloway during the UFC 186 weigh-in at Metropolis on Friday . ‘I haven’t fought in the UK in five years. I need to put a win streak together.
Gaffe of the day: Anna Firth, Tory candidate in Labour-held Erith and Thamesmead, posted pictures of litter on the streets to shame her political opponent — but they were from streets in neighbouring Bexley, controlled by the Tories who are responsible for refuse collection.
Dating back hundreds of thousands of years, the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest. And it could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Freddie Sears celebrates putting Ipswich ahead against Bournemouth at Portman Road after six minutes . Sears (left) converted from close range to put Ipswich ahead in the early exchanges of the game . Goal: Jones, 82 .
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger (part lion, part tiger) were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe'. Apparently Hetrick has been heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm and the 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat. 'He's lost without them,' said Josh Large, who lives four houses away.
'Now is the time to commence your operations, even if it means you have to stab a few police officers, soldiers on Anzac Day and so be it.' Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand .
It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
The wondrous Tham Khoun Ex caves are so exquisite they don't look real at first, which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland. Cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland. Visitors are able to kayak through the waters, or explore adjacent chambers on foot.
When the couple's 22-year-old son tried to intervene, deputies say the father pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back. The armed man then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son, sending the teen fleeing for his life. Nelson was pronounced dead at the scene from his wounds. Crocodile tears: The 39-year-old suspect was seen weeping and muttering, 'My baby,' as he was being handcuffed .
Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals for Tottenham this year in a dream breakthrough season . PFA Player of the Year: Eden Hazard . PFA Merit award: Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard . Kane beat off stiff competition from Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea (pictured) to win the award .
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a 'selfie generation' that just sings about platitudes . His comments are timely as Blur releases its first album in years this month. Albarn's criticisms are also likely to resonate with people who have been scornful about the work of modern day pop stars such as Taylor Swift and Sam Smith who are known for using their singles to express their emotions about failed relationships.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over. 'I'd love to have a go. I love the sport, I'm a massive fan. I'm hooked on it.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston. Houston police investigator Rolando Saenz told KPRC News: 'As he was leaving, she came to the driver's door, held onto the door, the husband drives away, she slips and falls, and the husband runs over her.
Luke Shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland and on Wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne . He is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne .
We are lucky to have him on both 'The Lead' and 'State of the Union.'" With his new position, Tapper will become the second man to work weekdays and Sunday mornings.
Jack Wilshere has moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury that has wrecked his season after completing 90 minutes for Arsenal’s under 21 side. He was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively, in the Under 21 Premier League fixture at the Emirates Stadium.
They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. As well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 . But his death is raising questions about the use of young, low-level drug offenders as confidential informants and if they should they be given more detailed information about the dangers.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile . Eagles boss Pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie .
Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site, even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the U.S. Civil War president's assassination. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. He would roll the agency into another department. What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby.' Lincoln's tomb was designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead, who won a national contest. It was dedicated by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1874.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Louis van Gaal's ex-club Barca . The pre-season plans have been organised to Van Gaal's liking after he was unhappy last year in USA . The Premier League giants will face Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG . Ander Herrera, David De Gea and Juan Mata (left to right) hold the trophy after beating Liverpool in Miami .
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. The seven-year-old boy is being treated at the Thane Civil hospital, about 30 minutes away.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night before they headed to a nearby, late-night pizza shop. The friend, who tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbins but became 'victim number two', remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery. The offender fled the scene and police haven't found a weapon. Investigations into the matter are continuing and police are now appealing for any witnesses who’ve not yet spoken with police to contact  Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. Andrew Chan (left, pictured with Myuran Sukumaran) has married his fiance Febyanti Herewila at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island . This week Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were served their execution notices and are set to be executed at the stroke of midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST).
It was a difficult afternoon for Raheem Sterling, who toiled as Arsenal surged to victory over Liverpool . Sterling (centre) is crowded out by Arsenal players as he struggled to impose himself on the game . Jordan Henderson deputised at right-wing-back.
Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists, but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table. 'He won't get his Budget through unless he compromises.'
Wales'  Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . Real Madrid star Bale celebrates as the victory took Wales to the top of the Group B table on goal difference .
A mother of two who works as a high-class escort has told how she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently "better" mothers' when she revealed her double life on national television. Former journalist Amanda Goff appeared on a TV show in LA about sex and relationships and defended her decision to reveal her identity as escort Samantha X . Some even told her they were inspired to leave their mundane jobs to pursue a career in the sex industry. However, after enduring months of public scrutiny, Ms Goff said her time as an escort was coming to an end.
Two-time Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine Men's Health. The two-time Formula One champion features on the front cover of the new issue . During the interview Hamilton discusses his body art and the physical demands of F1 .
"I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu told CNN's Jim Acosta Sunday on "State of the Union."
Land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre. True to its reputation for having golden waves of grain, forty-seven per cent of the land in the US is farmland, with the highest state percentage for agriculture being Nebraska's 92.7 per cent. New Jersey . Wyoming .
It is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children. It has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden and actresses Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city, according to the People's Daily Online. The doll, which has green hair and pink lips and wears jeans and a white strap top,  can be entered through the right heel and exited via the left.
Tony Toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website thanks to his outrageous extravagance . Being young in LA and having anything you want, it's not that hard to get any girl you want.'
But there was one character who remained a mystery: the Vision, to be played by Paul Bettany. And Thursday's new super images weren't quite done, because the questions over how Jamie Bell's rocky character The Thing in the rebooted "Fantastic Four" movie (out August 7) might look were also finally answered.
Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. Trees for Cars only made Grand between $10,000 to 15,000 dollars, he said. The app is no longer in online stores because Grand does not want to pay for its server space. He insists that he likes living outdoors, although he said he plans to move into an apartment after he makes his second app.
Victoria McKennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from Plano Senior High School in Texas. The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition.
Delta said 'a small number of customers' on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey, complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians. A Boston EMS spokeswoman said two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. The two projects will be undertaken concurrently and should be completed by October or November, officials said.
Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub on May 12, 2013 . This comes as Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney. Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus and is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women . Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is 'no safety for any American on the globe' and claiming the U.S. will burn in another 9/11-style attack. The video, titled 'We Will Burn America', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and several recent ISIS-inspired atrocities .
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month, allowing people their first access to the information. After receiving her records in the mail, La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, finally got the answers she's wanted almost her whole life. Francine?" Had her. Mitchell-Clark said that her adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search for her biological parents.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive', 'Don't Say Entitled' and 'Don't Say Ambitious'. The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician, according to the Weekly Standard. Following Clinton's announcement on Sunday, a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary.
Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 2-1 win at Anfield, while also producing an impressive display in the 3-0 home victory over Tottenham. Juan Mata poses alongside his player of the month award for his Manchester United performances .
The Dutchman wasted no time in revealing that Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge through injury. Four players capable of filling two key positions. Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea .
Lauren Perry's (right) son, Mason (pictured with sister Chloe and dad Mitch Window), contracted a flesh-eating disease . She was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks . Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . 'They said if we'd waited another hour or two he would have definitely died, it attacks so quickly,' Ms Perry added.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday when she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in  South Australia's southeast.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. A former newspaper reporter at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Schieffer joined CBS News in 1969 and has been the network's chief Washington correspondent since 1992. He began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang.
Starkey, who said he was 'born quite seriously disabled', added people with physical and mental disabilities should not be portrayed as victims. And he claimed fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims, making them 'therefore somehow privileged and exempt'.
Facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. The order ignores Zuckerberg's request to wait until Ceglia is caught before handing over the documents.
Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother Harsh, are among the world's heaviest young children. Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lbs (15kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. Now their father Rameshbhai Nandwana, 34, of Gurjarat, India, is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew . The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest . Each section boasts a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual  in-flight entertainment systems and air conditioning .
Kate is endearingly frank on the subject, telling interviewers that Titanic co-star Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her feet hilarious: ‘I’d put my foot up and he’d fall about laughing because my feet are exactly the same size as his and he’s 6 ft 1 in. But fascinatingly, just like Kate, lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet, as we reveal here. At 5 ft 7in, her tiny figure emphasises her shoe size.
In the 2010-15 coalition, the Lib Dems ran three departments: Business, energy and climate change and the Scotland Office. Mr Clegg said he wanted to 'get politics out of the classroom'.
The Lib Dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after putting the country above their party for five years 'at great personal cost' While his wife was campaigning in north London, Mr Clegg was 100 miles away at a campaign event in Chippenham, Wiltshire . 'Miriam just wanted to do her bit, particularly to support women standing for parliament, standing for election.
A Neighbourhood Watch official has been handed a restraining order following a bitter row with his neighbours over a garden gate. Married couple John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset. But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed, although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him under the Protection from Harassment Act by magistrates in Bournemouth.
The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. Sunday will mark Steven Gerrard’s 36th, and possibly last, appearance at Wembley.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon iin a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page . The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday with Keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail. They must return my land' One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move. Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in Chongqing Municipality, its overgrown garden still intact.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005 . By then, she already had stage III melanoma. Glenna died in November 2008, three years after her diagnosis--and her final tanning session. 'Glenna's not here to inform people of the dangers,' Colleen told Cosmo.
Fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight last Friday morning. One man was escorted from the plane after it landed in Alicante (pictured).
A headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl, has resigned from his post. David Nicholson, 48, sent the woman explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on her dressing up like a pupil and was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee', it is claimed.
"The cabin was immediately secured, and the authorities were notified, including the FBI," Holland America said. It's currently in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Gerardo Martino's Argentina, with captain Messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday. Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina at the MetLife Stadium . Booked: Bolanos . Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an Ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to tap the ball under goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez. Javier Pastore is challenged by Osbaldo Lastra during the friendly international in New Jersey .
Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1.
The New Zealand Herald reports that Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29 and was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. Mr Gunasekera will return to New Zealand in June to be sentenced. The Western Australian resident downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets .
Wigan manager Malky Mackay has been sacked after just five months in charge, with Wigan facing relegation . November 19 2014: Mackay returns to football as Wigan manager .
Sebastian Vettel saw off the challenge from Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in Malaysia . Mercedes chief Toto Wolff claims the champions will just keep calm and carry on . Hamilton heads to Shanghai having won the Chinese Grand Prix last year on his way to the title .
Andrew Barr, who was Principal of Melbourne's The Geelong College, has resigned after a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on the internet after being published on Snapchat . 'Just before Easter, The Geelong College council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards.'
Three eight-week old puppies (above) were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18 . The woman then took the puppies to the animal center for treatment. McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee, where the dogs have been receiving treatment, said they have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage . 'It would appear they have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition.' Once the puppies complete their treatment at the center, they will be put up for adoption .
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday. The trailer for ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, which includes two aboriginal women painted in ochre, was deemed offensive by Facebook . The comedy is about an Alice Springs-based Aboriginal radio station 8MMM where black and 'whitefella' work .
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. The 50-year-old Xue was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry. President Obama personally lobbied for Xue's release during a visit to Beijing in November of 2009, the New York Times reported.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name, arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault. The sexual misconduct allegations at George Mason stem from an October 2013 encounter with the couple in the male student's dorm room on the Fairfax campus. Later that night, the two engaged in a second sex act, in which the male student asked her if she was interested, and she replied, 'I don't know.'
A top judge in Brisbane has said that surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent a repeat of the baby Gammy (pictured with his mother) case . 'If we allow it in Australia, we then can regulate it and ensure that it's done on ethical terms.' Justice Diana Bryant (pictured) has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws .
Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino at the club . Pochettino (left) managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur . Koeman had to cope with several player sales at Southampton, including Luke Shaw to Manchester United . 'I think the start, for the development of the team, was under Mauricio and he did a great job last season.
The National Union of Teachers (NUT) suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead 'shut down debate' in schools. They also claimed young people  feel unable to express there views on certain subjects, such as the Charlie Hebdo killings, for fear of being branded an extremist.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the  U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas. He and his wife have attended many ATP fundraisers and charity events throughout the years.
Jenna and Henry, who married in May 2008, welcomed their first daughter, whose full name is Margaret Laura Hager, on April 13, 2012 - and the TV presenter revealed to People that the couple had actually been expecting a boy.
Incredible pictures have shown the moment ferocious red sandstorms currently engulfing China devoured a city in the country's north west. Golmud was left covered in a remarkable red haze when the sand cloud blew across the city yesterday .
After reading her story, scientist Amy Mainzer, who also consults for PBS on a children's educational science show, decided Malala deserved to be immortalized.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be . Owen left Liverpool for Real Madrid in a £16.8million move in 2004 before later moving on to Newcastle United .
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build . ‘We believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space,’ Mr Kemp told MailOnline.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
A five-year-old boy who battled cancer has been given the all clear by doctors - after creating a superhero mask to help him through his treatment. Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. He donned a superhero costume during his radiotherapy treatment, to help him feel brave .
Teenager Kimberly Greenberg became angry and left her Santa Monica home to calm down about 8.30pm on March 24, but never returned. Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager, described  as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old, has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.
Two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet the West Coast-based ship in San Diego on Monday. The Infinity left San Diego on March 29.
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns, then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. Prison: Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison after admitting the murders. Three will run consecutively, which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, who lost her parents and sister, told the Lueneburg state court today that seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction.' Her comments come after another Holocaust survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving Groening - known as the 'bookkeeper of death' - and said he should not be prosecuted. Eva Mozes Kor, 81, who publicly embraced Groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness, called for the trial to end.
Friends of murdered Indiana University student Hannah Wilson have said she was last seen at the same bar where Lauren Spierer partied before she vanished in 2011. Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, about 10 miles from the campus, on Friday morning after a night out. Her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed. Arrested: Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder. A cellphone that police traced back to Messel was found at Wilson's feet and investigators allegedly found blood inside his vehicle .
Our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes, according to a study by Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University.
Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Defense rests in Boston Marathon bombing trial . She is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’. Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme, barring hi-tech weapons sales.
During a tumultuous day of proceedings at a corporate tax inquiry in Sydney today, News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. As Christine Milne made her opinion about The Australian newspaper clear, News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke fired back: 'You're a minority' 'Not according to sales,' Greens Senator Christine Milne responded . Mr Clarke asked.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul and is disappointed that reports emerged suggesting he was planning a move. ‘There’s been no contact between me, Newcastle, the player and the agent,’ Pardew said.
We knew this disaster was coming eventually. Latest updates on Nepal earthquake .
Adnan Januzaj (left) cheered on Shaun Murphy (right) at the World Championship in Sheffield . The 20-year-old Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill.
A Los Angeles judge has ordered V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts after Sterling's wife sued her. She claimed Donald Sterling used the couple's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover, and that he helped her get a $1.8 million duplex.
The beautiful DJ, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by megastar Rihanna. Munroe began living as a woman at the age of 18 and started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23. Munroe has now been taking hormones for four years, and has embraced her new life.
The Arsenal manager will have a heart-to-heart chat with the forward ahead of Saturday’s crunch top-four clash against Liverpool. Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England’s 1-1 draw in Italy on Tuesday night. Theo Walcott struggled for England and Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the winger's confidence .
But that all changed last night when Princess Beatrice gave the area her seal of approval courtesy of a night spent partying at Shoreditch House. Going home alone: Beatrice had been partying with boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, but the pair left separately .
Police investigating the murder of a five-month-old baby have today arrested her parents. The child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from Perry Barr, Birmingham, were held  after their daughter died yesterday afternoon.
Not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of Joel Burger and Ashley King. It all started after their engagement in October. They were invited on Skype on Monday to learn of a surprise: Burger King will pay for their whole wedding.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers. The boys had driven to a house (above) with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000 . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered, though Marc was in the car at the time .
Horticulturalists have urged people to halt the 'grey sprawl' in Britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete. More than 7million gardens in Britain have now been paved over and the RHS is calling for people to plant hedges, trees and flowers to turn the UK green again - as grassy well kept gardens boost mood . The poll also found that 60 per cent of people worry about paved front gardens and flooding.
(The Hollywood Reporter)The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
Former paramedic Crsity Collins had admitted that she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug . A former ice addict, who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug, has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims. Ms Collins, whose addiction was fuelled by her post traumatic stress disorder and a borderline personality disorder, first began using illegal drugs recreationally, and first tried meth, while living in Darwin.
Fabian Orellana collects a lump of grass from the ground before throwing it towards Sergio Busquets . Jeremy Mathieu (right) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo .
A Lithuanian talk show has accused Norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle 'the highest rate of inbreeding in the  world'. Earlier this year, Lithuania's Gražina Leščinskiene hit local headlines after her son Gabrieliaus was taken into care by Norway's Child Protection Service.
Forgiveness: Cologne's Cardinal Rainer Woelki - who will lead the ceremony at the cathedral (pictured) - urged compassion for all those who died in the crash including Lubitz .
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion – Spain’s economy having taken off – but was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. The airport was designed to cater for Spain's booming economy to serve both city and coast via a high speed rail link.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. Taking part in the tradition: The Easter egg roll is one of the White House's long-standing traditions, dating back to President Rutherford B Hayes' administration in 1878 .
Tuesday night, Christie appeared at Kenilworth Town Hall to take questions from a group of citizens, when Kathy Mooney, a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park, took the microphone. Ms Mooney, who has been a teacher for 27 years, questioned Christie's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil which could have contributed drastically to the state's pension plans for teachers. Mooney explains that she read about the deal in the newspaper and did not attend the meeting 'to be bullied'.
Looking for answers: New York-based writer Danielle Page (not pictured) set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice .
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona, which will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction.
The female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. Instead the robot was created to appear, talk and move as humanly as possible.
Tinside Lido, Plymouth . Llyn y Fan Fach is thought to be haunted by 'The Lady of The Lake' but surrounded by stunning scenery . Probably the only inland brine pool left in the country, Nantwich swimming pool measures 30.5 metres by 15 metres.
Dongguan, China (CNN)For a decade, the New South China Mall -- the biggest shopping mall in the world -- has been an embarrassment for its owners and China. Soon, it was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" and it became an unflattering symbol of China's runaway speculation on real estate projects. However, a visit in late March revealed a different picture.
The white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several 'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina. But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'. Now, university president Harris Pastides has announced that the student has been suspended  - and is also facing a USC code of conduct inquiry.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs (one illustrated centre) at the galaxy's centre. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery .
Walter Smith (right) spent two spells in charge as manager of Rangers and has hailed Stuart McCall's impact . McCall was appointed Rangers manager in March until the summer as a replacement for Kenny McDowall . Smith did, however, open up about Ally McCoist's departure and admitted it wasn't easy to see .
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Instagram is  awash with the grey haired images - from  beauty shots featuring professional models   to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired Instagrammers. Kelly Osborne (left) and Nicole Richie (right) have both rocked the grey hair look .
Steaming into action, the lovingly restored locomotives of the world’s most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala. The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. Early this morning a team of firemen, fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at Grosmount engine shed in preparation .
Devoted: Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day. He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off . She would often go up to the mountains to collect firewood and there were a few occasions when she got lost after dark.
(CNN)A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday, a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported.
Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed. She claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the United States. But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute with Giersch.
The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing Hugh Morris in the aftermath of the Ashes whitewash.
Police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court on Monday night after they noticed he 'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated'. He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Koch Industries' recent announcement that it will "ban the box" -- i.e., remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records.
Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto .
The 'meal deal' (which is not always a meal, or a deal) has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches, slimy salads and salty soups, spending an average of £1,840 a year. But we could save up to £1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home.
Twitter rant: Jay Z unleashed a string of 'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal and saying that it is still early days for the app . War looming: A report from Page Six on Sunday said that Apple, which is launching its own music service, is trying to stop any growth by Tidal by delaying availability of updates for its app . According to Billboard.com on Sunday, Tidal, which launched on March 30, has fallen out of Apple's top 750 apps, after a peak at No.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate. If the assumptions are correct, she will be the first Princess of Cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years. That said, in the event the couple do welcome a baby girl, I would hope that they do not opt to name her Diana.
Turing (left) wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and they paved the way for computer science. The notes are believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript (right) known to exist, the auctioneer said .
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment by the Work and Pensions Secretary showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
Gary and Phil Neville, Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes will no doubt partying hard on Tuesday night after Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title, with the club gaining promotion on a very fitting 92 points. Salford City's players celebrate after Darlington's failure to win saw them win the league title on 92 points .
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
A mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient Maypole festival - despite facing fines or even prosecution. Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her 'religion, culture and heritage.' The annual May 1 celebration is a centuries' old tradition, involving music and dancing through the streets, believed by some to be an ancient pagan fertility ritual which heralds the arrival of spring. It is in their blood.'
Former Manchester City manager Sven Goran Eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club, claiming they should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four. Yaya Toure wore a snood in training on Thursday despite it being the hottest week of the year .
Van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez. 'I was intimidated': Norma Esparza, pictured here during a press conference in 2013, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing a man in 1995 she claims raped her. She says Van intimidated her into identifying the murder victim, Gonzalo Ramirez . Esparza is pictured right upon her arrest while re-entering the U.S. in 2012 . Esparza, 40, is expected to receive a six-year sentence in exchange for testifying at the trials of Van and another defendant.
England have pulled out of the home nations international Under 16 tournament . BT Sport are to broadcast the inaugural European Games in Baku in June, having finally agreed terms. Brazilian legend Pele will enjoy a short stopover in London on Thursday .
The Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may' and reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'. It came after Mr Miliband this morning repeatedly insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election - either as a formal Coalition or a looser pact to put him in Number 10.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week, giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is 'quite flattered' by interest from Arsenal. Chelsea and Manchester City are also keen on English football's hottest property. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell (left) and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City .
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at Manchester United . Wayne Rooney hailed his Belgian team-mate as one of the best in world football at the moment .
Derry Mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title after being handed a unanimous points decision over Tony Luis in Liverpool. Luis (right) was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out .
With a remarkable initiative combining the unlikely bedfellows of fashion and compassion, it can be revealed that Prince Andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking, the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom. The claims, furiously denied by the Duke, have now been struck out of American court records, effectively clearing his name.
Sportsmail's Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race and offer their predictions.
Pablo Osvaldo thinks that his former team-mates Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should move to Boca . 'The Bombonera would go absolutely crazy for players like them.'
The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges. But the case was adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time. He spoke twice to say: 'I do' when asked whether he understood the two charges against him.
It would be a €6 (£4) decrease from Ryanair’s current average ticket price, with Mr O’Leary attributing the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices. Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary took aim at Air France in his interview with Le Journal du Dimanche . The airline boss disputed claims that Ryanair staff face poor working conditions and wages .
Dr Christopher Valentine (pictured) used his iPod to take illicit photos of patients, a tribunal heard . A nurse was swiping through photographs of Dr Valentine's pets when she came across an image of a semi-naked man, a tribunal . But an investigation found he used the device to take 53 photos, some of vulnerable patients of both sexes.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter Madeleine's disappearance. The couple, who accuse Amaral of hampering the search for their daughter, had been expected to receive around £1million in damages.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. The model, who claims he spends £100,000-a-year on his looks and is now working as a stripper, says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing, causing him to miss it. He's also banned from contacting Ms Branco .
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members. Wallenda's nephew, Rick Wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. Jenny Wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child.
Comcast and Time Warner Cable declined to comment on Thursday. The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation. The FCC would send the deal to a judge if it didn't believe it serves the public interest.
As California struggles with a devastating drought, huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta — and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right. Gov. Jerry Brown has said that if drought continues this system built into California's legal framework will probably need to be examined.
Would he have fired? If Slager had been wearing a body camera, Scott would probably still be alive, and Slager wouldn't be facing the possibility of life in prison -- or a possible death sentence. Body cameras are expensive to deploy, sure. Most importantly, we have to ask ourselves this: What's the value of a human life? I will admit that body cameras are only an interim solution.
But no one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it. In Lastres, angry residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes.
Celtic U17 players celebrate after beating Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden . Celtic goalscorer Josh Kerr holds the trophy in the air as he celebrates on Tuesday evening . Both teams line up ahead of the match which was played behind closed doors at Hampden Park . Kerr fires the ball into the net to give Celtic the lead against Rangers in the 74th minute .
Aaronessa Keaton (above) was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child . Keaton hit another car head-on (above) while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system .
Fighting back: Immigrants carrying machetes have clashed with police in a search for locals that attacked foreign shop owners in Durban . Foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee Primrose, near Johannesburg to escape the violence . Mobs have been seen marching through the streets shouting as they call for foreign nationals to leave and clash with police officers .
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, near the college campus, about 3pm. He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. Police have since charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction. Family: Grace Mann is the daughter of Thomas Mann, a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County, and Melissa Mann, local media reported .
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge' After the ball is headed by Loic Remy and Eden Hazard, John Terry heads to Drogba in the six-man task . After Drogba, goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois is the next to take the ball, heading back to John Obi Mikel . The seven players involved in the game at St George's Park jump around in a celebratory huddle .
A nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers who had brought their show to a quiet Siberian village. The girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts. The footballer - who was known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella, where he partied with glamorous girls, is now being chased through the courts by creditors.
The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines.
Gareth Bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as Real Madrid train on Wednesday. The under fire winger returns to Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying's group B. He's done a great job since he arrived at the club and I don't understand this witch hunt against him',' he said on Neox TV's El Chiringuito.
They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex, after being convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school. It's quite a sober warning to other parents' 'It's quite a sober warning to other parents.'
An outraged food blogger who alleges Instagram fitness star Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken. Ms Dodds said Ms Bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her Facebook fan base and she agreed. Ms Bines admitted in a video statement reported overnight that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen. Ms Bines expressed disbelief at the comment involving her unborn child. 'This was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen' Ms Bines said in a video message about plagiarism in her book.
Atletico Madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. In goal Sergio Asenjo became David De Gea, became Thibaut Courtois, who looks to have become Jan Oblak. While centre-forward Diego Forlan became Sergio Aguero, became Radamel Falcao, became Diego Costa who has now become that bloodied battering-ram Mario Mandzukic.
A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees, during a conversation that a CNN producer secretly filmed. An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing, but still more wait to try to reach Europe.
Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez has been found guilty on of first-degree murder . The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole . The conviction sealed the downfall of an athlete who once had a $40million contract and a standout career . The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
Perry pulls out of presenting: Acclaimed designer Alex Perry opts out of showing at this year's MBFWA . This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. Taking a break from the runway, Perry now is devoting his time to international enterprises, with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market.
Driver Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of Fuzhou, in Fujian province, south east China. Deadly: Mr Song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him, but he later died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding, doctors said .
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54 and Gary Cooper, 45, from Stockport, along with their ex-pat friend Neil Munro were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. Mr Clitheroe will now be able to return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife  on May 9.
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. About 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the UK each year and most of these cases are in the advanced stages when they are diagnosed.
New find: Around seven human skulls (pictured) dating back nearly 2,000 years have so far been found as part of the latest discovery by archaeologists at the London Crossrail site near Liverpool Street station . 'No answers': Archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls - sparking the theory they could be the remains of Boudicca's rebels.
Tony Hatch (left) and his former wife Jackie Trent (right) wrote a chart-topping hits for the world's biggest stars but he was banned from her funeral last month .
Melissa Klein (behind counter) of Sweet Cakes by Melissa faces a $135,000 fine after being found guilty of discriminating against a lesbian couple when she and her husband refused to make them a wedding cake . Rachel Bowman-Cryer (right) and her wife Laurel (left) file a civil rights lawsuit and said that they had suffered emotional distress because of the case after they received death threats . The bakery must pay up to $150,000, and the judge's Friday decision of $135,000 will be approved or amended by State Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian. The Klein's said that 'Satan's really at work' after 'he administrators of gofundme because they claimed it was raising money for an illegal purpose'.
Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. Hollywood star John Travolta slammed the film and said his decades of personal experience at the church have been positive.
Pat Ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. In comparison, the retired hairdresser, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. She said: 'I have cared for people all my life. Pat, pictured again with the Elvis impersonator, loves to party and stay out dancing on tables . Julia shows off her pole dancing skills.
The Gunners are now in fine form and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have the exact same record . The Premier League table after Arsenal had played 31 games in 2013/14 (left), and now (right) Played 31, won 19, drawn six, lost six - the only stat differentiating the two tables is Arsenal's favourable goal difference in this campaign - a season which their points tally of 63 merits a place of second, rather than fourth. Arsene Wenger will regret many results in this season - including a 3-2 defeat by Stoke City in December .
A man who was locked up and tortured in a Chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued. Each day he was given a huge workload and was beaten. When police arrived at the mill, the couple fled the scene.
The well-travelled former Everton and Manchester City midfielder – now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City – responds with good humour. Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City . The city has united behind this.' Gerrard and Lampard will be coming sooner and, he says, there will be a few culture shocks. '
Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against Queens Park Rangers . Manager Tim Sherwood said that Benteke can fire Villa to Premier League safety . He said: 'That's the plan.
United also have pockets of concentrated support across the UK. Brendan Rodgers' side have a large following across the world with strong support in Thailand, Norway, Iceland, Uruguay and Australia but find themselves playing second fiddle to the Premier League's other giants in other areas. While in Japan, South Korea and the Philippines it is Arsenal who come out on top. In Asia it is Manchester United (red) who just edge the overall support from Chelsea (blue) and Arsenal (yellow) Liverpool dominate Twitter followers in Australia with pockets of support for Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United as well .
Harry Redknapp has revealed he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans as he left the Emirates Stadium after the Gunners' 4-1 win over Liverpool. After watching the game, Redknapp claims he was attacked with coins by some Arsenal supporters . It's always the small minority so they can spoil it for the rest and that for me is a big problem.'
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police after visiting a New Hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform . A customer of the store, King Kone in Merrimack, said that the costume was likely an April Fools' Day prank, according to the Union Leader.
A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. The department's first chief of police, William Devery, who held the post from 1898-1901, was known as the king of kickbacks. Richard Entright (pictured) failed to even try and remove the KKK from within his own police force .
It is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. This includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. More than 50 teachers alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich,  was a hoax .
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLA’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post.
Donald Graham, 62, (pictured) killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45, his lover, for her money . Graham stole more than £800,000 from Ms Brown to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle . Graham was jailed for life  for killing Ms Brown.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. On August 25 of last year Hilbert was arrested and taken into custody for failure to appear in court.
Sources suggest the family of American hostage Dr Warren Weinstein, who was killed during a US drone strike in January, gave money to his kidnappers. After the money allegedly changed hands, the captors are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners, including the 'poster girl' for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddiqui - who is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the United States . However they did not provide a proof of life. Weinstein's wife Elaine has said the US government's reaction to his plight following his capture in Lahore, Pakistan, in 2011 was 'inconsistent and disappointing'.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty. The method, which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen, has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections. The U.S. Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments later this month. Utah brought back the firing squad earlier this year in response to a drugs shortage, while Tennessee reinstated the electric chair.
Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii. But others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers, blaming 'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival and joking that 'gym memberships and ecstasy dealers' would be hardest hit.
The England full-back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of Harlequins' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens at Wembley last weekend. England full back Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for club side Harlequins .
Celebrating his win at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday, he sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses. Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK', while another said his behaviour showed that he was an 'ignorant clown'.
Adding a gritty edge to Tuesday at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia, Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk. Corporate cool: Models wear sophisticated high-neck designs at the Ginger and Smart show .
The Roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday with 1-0 victory over Napoli, a result which sealed a 2-1 triumph on aggregate. They will now face Juventus in the Coppa final on June 7. Lazio defender Mauricio captures the Lazio fans celebrations via selfie stick .
We are beach body ready': An unknown internet source has recreated the controversial Protein World ad, with curvy alternatives . The image, which was posted on the London underground, is now being removed following complaints . It comes as plus-sized fashion label Simply Be also created its own poster.
The video taken in the forecourt of the Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old. They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless. The pair were arrested and charged with attempted murder and related crimes. Philadelphia police are still looking for the remaining suspects and have asked the public for information.
Jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. She asked jurors to convict Hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it. The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
But it was criticised for bringing out tacky merchandise for the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee, such as Corgi-themed scratchcards. The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69 .
A recent college graduate diagnosed with genital herpes is stepping into the limelight in attempt to destigmatize STIs. Because I have genital herpes.’ His face crumbled. 'Because when a real person — a woman you know and respect — casually mentions having herpes, it stops being a punchline and starts being someone's reality.'
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City next season, according to Gary Neville. The Premier League holders sit fourth in the league, 12 points adrift of Chelsea after two straight losses .
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession,' raiding houses in affluent west London, Herfordshire and Surrey. Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes, taking a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million, often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking. The gang admitted conspiring to commit the burglaries, and were jailed for a total of 17 years at Kingston Crown Court on Wednesday.
Number one: Paul Simon topped the UK albums chart for the first time in 25 years. His latest release, The Ultimate Collection, beat albums from more youthful musicians such as Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith . Simon is currently on his On Stage Together world tour with Sting.
Carwyn, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France, while skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia, after becoming separated from them. According to state prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau, the schoolboy’s death earlier this month was ‘a tragic accident’ with no one to blame.
Despite Arsenal winning their eighth Premier League game in a row on Saturday, the club's chief executive Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that the club are not going to win the title. Ivan Gazidis says he is not happy with second place, and says the club may struggle in the near future .
North Charleston: After Scott was killed in South Carolina over the weekend, protests in North Charleston have been peaceful so far. Ferguson: It took Ferguson police six days to publicly identify Wilson as the officer who shot Brown, and in the immediate aftermath of the shooting, then-police chief Thomas Jackson decided not to visit Brown's family. North Charleston: Slager also was not wearing a body camera when he killed Scott.
Wellness warrior Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday in a tell-all interview that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis. The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'. Leading psychologist Jo Lamble told Daily Mail Australia that this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders. Lamble says this can often be a sign of neglect. They deceive and lie . 'Social media has become the perfect way to gain that, we know anyone is thrilled when they get new followers -  let alone hero worship, worldwide fans and book deals,' she said.
Victim: A shop owner believed to be from Mozambique (pictured) has died from his injuries amid the xenophobic violence that has gripped South Africa . Dying: He is one of at least six who have been killed in the country this week as armed gangs target foreigners in a spate of xenophobic attacks . Anger: Zuma has called for an end to the 'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants from Africa, some of whom now occupy a refugee camp east of Johannesburg (pictured) Homeless: Some South Africans blame immigrants coming to the country (pictured) of taking jobs and opportunities away from them .
The problem exists even on the Broadway stage, they point out, with 13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men. Speaking up: Actress Mamie Gummer (pictured, in a photograph by Nadia Quinn) sings in the video that it's 'only fair that men should have it all', not just 80 or 90 per cent of an industry . Far-reaching issue: Though the actresses highlight gender inequality in Hollywood, they also point out similar problems in government and Fortune 500 companies .
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
The 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years. Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014. Defence: Lawyers for the 53-year-old, from Fulham, south west London, said he 'categorically denies' the allegations .
Abandoned: Police outside Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Southport where staff found a newborn baby in the disabled toilets. The infant was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is described as 'safe and well'. The baby girl, found in the disabled toilets at the arcade (pictured) on Neville Street, has been named April by staff caring for her at Ormskirk Hospital.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates, 73. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Michelle Obama likes to keep a busy schedule and Wednesday was no exception as the first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . Not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C. The annual event mixes music and politics and the first lady was on hand to present 15-time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy's Recording Artists' Coalition Award for her ongoing contribution to popular music.
Even though we get more time in bed than most other nations – seven hours 22 minutes a night – only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of this season than they were last year . Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot challenge for the title this season .
Juventus have ruled out a move for Manchester United loan star Radamel Falcao after claiming the Colombia striker's wages are 'beyond their means'. The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in highly rated Palermo youngster Paulo Dybala .
Striker Derek Lyle points to the skies after putting Queen of the South in the lead at Palmerston Park . Lyle (2nd left) opened the scoring following a first-half corner in the 3-0 defeat of Rangers . Kidd celebrates after forcing an own goal from Rangers Lee Wallace immediately after the break . Rangers were rocking.
The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed . After a difficult start to the game in Turin, England finished positively with Barkley one of the stadn-out performers.
Sam Barton, who has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery  - including two operations on the NHS - believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts and then attacked him in the street. The 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house.
Set to become seven siblings: Nadine Crooks who is expecting triplets pictured with her four children, from left, Trae (13), Roxanne (18), Zion (9) and Joshua (1) The 33-year-old was stunned to fall pregnant again after being told she was infertile . Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries.
The midfielder was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at Liverpool Sunday night, but he could've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle.
Women travelling on the London Underground are being urged to report sexual assaults in a new initiative. According to TLC, one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport, but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported.
The festival, which marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday, has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents. Performance: Students perform the Stations of the Cross procession as part of the Holy Week celebrations in Luque, Paraguay yesterday .
Floyd Mayweather poses with Mariah Carey after she paid him a visit at his Las Vegas gym . Pacquiao, meanwhile, made his latest appearance on Kimmel's talk show and delighted the audience with a rendition of his walk-in song.
Tonight's survey for ITV News by ComRes is the latest in a string of polls showing Ukip's support being squeezed by Labour the Tories. The Ukip leader - appearing on ITV's Lorraine this morning - said he had 'made some mistakes' by trying to do too much and had had to scale back his commitments .
More than 100 pupils have been kicked out of their classes because they did not have completed vaccination forms, as health officials have warned about the danger of the spread of the measles virus (pictured) This week 143 pupils were removed from their classes in Spokane because they could not prove they had legally required vaccinations, which includes measles. Dr Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control said the spread of measles could increase because of a growing number of people who have not been vaccinated being exposed to the population .
The planet's best footballers have scored eight times in Europe this season. His contract with Shakhtar Donetsk runs out at the end of the year. Ronaldo and Messi however, remain in pole-position to top the scoring charts with Barcelona and Real Madrid both in the hat for the two-legged semi-finals to be played next month. The draw for the last four will take place on Friday.
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN)The man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder, a South Korean court official said Wednesday. Police said Kim stabbed Lippert with a 10-inch knife because he opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills, which happen every year and frequently draw the ire of North Korea.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today .
Wedding season is fast upon us, but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. ASOS AND ASDA VERSUS DAVID'S BRIDAL .
Patricia Jannuzzi, right, who wrote in a Facebook post that gays were behind an 'agenda' to 'reengineer western civ into slow extinction', has been reinstated at Immaculata High School despite protests from the likes of Susan Sarandon . Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful.'
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. After an investigation by ACCC Coles was also ordered to display a Federal Court corrective notice in stores .
The Red Lady's remains were uncovered in 2010 during excavations of the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria. When the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal. 'The burial is one of the most complex features of the Magdalenian record in El Mirón.
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the Barclays Premier League leaders with no fit strikers ahead of their game against Arsenal on Sunday. Diego Costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week but may not be thrown in against Arsenal .
Arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from Alexis Sanchez put them 3-0 up against Liverpool on Saturday . By mid-October they had already dropped 13 points.
Humiliated: Craig Roberts, 36, was told by Post Office staff in Chadderton, Manchester, that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. Mr Roberts, who had gone to the Post Office to top up his electric meter with his payment card, was eventually served by the employee after a ten minute standoff. He now has only 30 per cent vision in one eye which means he can't work and struggles with everyday tasks such as cooking and cleaning.
Denied entry: Tyler Grant, pictured outside a Whataburger on Sunday morning, claims the restaurant denied service because Grant was wearing a dress . Grant says the female employee explained Grant was not let in because Grant was 'wearing see-through clothing'. 'If it were see-through, then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear,' Grant said on Facebook. Grant is a patron of the establishment and may choose to pursue legal action.
'That's one of my worst in a Man City shirt, definitely,' Hart said after a morale-sapping 4-2 defeat saw under-fire Manuel Pellegrini's men go four points adrift of neighbours United and 12 behind runaway leaders Chelsea. The 27-year-old has even given up on knocking Arsenal out of second place. 'It's essential to try and finish third,' he added.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 and any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April. It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O2 stores on 23 April .
A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing. The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
However, when the trees eventually started shooting up again, the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains. So they built up. And up. And it has not gone unnoticed. Hordes of Dr Seuss fans have flocked to 'climb the tower' in the past few years.
Oops: The site incorrectly guessed 30-year-old Khloe Kardashian is actually 44 . It allows people to age and sex any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own .
Suarez reacts too late as Neymar puts his knee in where it hurts during a Barcelona training session . Luis Enrique will be hoping the embarrassing pain wears off before the Catalans line up against Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Suarez (second left) admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona .
The revelations came hours after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying. It also emerged that the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide. Investigators believe Lubitz locked his captain out of the A320’s cockpit on March 24 and deliberately crashed the plane, killing all 150 people on board – possibly because of suicidal tendencies or fears he may lose his pilot’s licence. Investigators have found mobile phones amid the wreckage but they are yet to be thoroughly examined .
It has been assumed that the way KP outplayed the ECB's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents, Mission Sports Management, had expert help guiding their strategy. Former spokesman for the Glazer family, Tehsin Nayani (left), has written the 'The Glazer Gatekeeper' It's understood 40-year-old Shivnarine Chanderpaul, who held up England with a dogged 46, wants to continue in Test cricket so he can play in the same West Indies side as his promising 18-year-old son Tagenarine.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services, according to police. Police said the woman told Fleming the hearing was at Lake Superior Court in Hammond, which is 13 miles from the home where the body was discovered. The neighbor told Chicago Tribune she was friends with the alleged kidnapper, who had told her she was pregnant with twins. The alleged kidnapper was located at a hospital in Texas.
Families on the High Green estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons. Families say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs shooting at homes and cars with air rifles and BB guns . Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at.
A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. It has been reported elsewhere that the company has put Siri's responses down to a 'bug' which has now been fixed.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families. However, other reports have said 33 youngsters will be rescued in total . Many Israeli male couples have traveled to capital of Kathmandu to father children with the help of surrogate mothers because in Israel the procedure is limited by law to only heterosexual partners . Presents: Welcome baskets await babies and their homosexual parents on the runway at Sde Dov Airport . Emotional: Some wounded people were also evacuated from Nepal to Israel on Monday.
Reps from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday . The proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed . antitrust division were nearing a recommendation to block the . Time Warner Cable shares closed down 5.4 per cent at $149.61 .
The baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year, . Authorities say Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield, before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age. According to the appeals court’s opinion, Moody previously gave birth to three other children, all of whom have been adopted.
The Work and Pensions Secretary said Ed Miliband was standing on 'the most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' and was 'peddling lies' about the Government's record.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
Chinese-born Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities.
Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. So he took the matter to court. Boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation.
After beating Tommy Burns in 1908, Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion . He took most of it in his stride. Johnson was defeated after enduring 26 rounds in the sweltering Cuban heat, compared to 'hell'
The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC . "Mad Men," 9 p.m. Sunday, AMC . This is the first of the last several episodes, where we'll learn the fate of Don Draper and the cast of characters. "Marvel's Daredevil," Friday, Netflix .
Although they had given up on the idea of their perfect wedding the couple were blessed with yet another stroke of luck when they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married . Before they conceived Darci-Mai (right) and Stanley (left) Becca and Dale had attempted two rounds of IVF .
Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, told supporters he was 'back with Labour'. Long-time Labour supporter Eddie Izzard said the party would offer a 'fair chance for everyone'. The former Coronation Street star backed Labour's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and called for a 'decent minimum' wage.
The review also slates the depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More, played by Anton Lesser in the show as an 'evidence-flouting caricature' that is 'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude' A review for Catholic News Service, an agency of the U.S. Bishops’ Conference said that the show encourages the audience to ‘root for the self-made commoner Thomas Cromwell’ when in fact he was a ‘monster’ who engineered a reign of terror and murdered anyone who stood in his way.
Internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally . Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim .
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)Kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now, but Tanka Maya Sitoula has one of them. The 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when Saturday's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment. What did she do for 36 hours?
Kenny Jackett has told his Wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over Nottingham Forest with another over Leeds United on Monday. The Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Sky Bet Championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places, with their 2-1 success at the City Ground all but ending the Reds' chances of making a late push. Manager Kenny Jackett has told his side that they need to keep their focus to maintain a promotion push .
The father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence, it has been revealed. The MoD declined to comment. Last month it was revealed that the students were intercepted in Turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group. They dialled 999 and British police quickly tipped off their Turkish counterparts.
Researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing. Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too, with the study finding a ‘significant relationship between males’ ratings of female faces and voices.
The pro footballer also took to Twitter to explain the decision, stating: 'People ask me why would you want to be an Uber driver if you play in the NFL... You know what's better than NFL money? More money.' The player is yet to feature in an NFL regular season game but says he's desperate to begin making a contribution on the field. Francis, who played his college ball at Maryland,  is set to make $510,000 next season, according to NFL salary website Over The Cap.
A New Zealand hunter is lucky to be alive after a friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle. Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left. 'I said, "f***en' stop, that's me!".
Sterling risked angering Liverpool fans after he said in an interview he was not ready to sign a contract . Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club . Sterling speaks to the BBC and reveals he is not ready to sign a new contract .
Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying." The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings, the parent company of Terminix.
Katie Gallegos from  Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," Ed Winter, assistant chief in the Los Angeles County coroner's office, told CNN affiliate KTLA Tuesday night.
Now, two decades later, he and his younger sister Jennifer McShea have returned to the family home in Omaha, Nebraska  - and nothing has changed. But when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them. Life as a hoarder's child: Geoff Johnson returned to the home of his mother, a compulsive hoarder, 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing. It was the house, however, that left them with such difficult feelings.
Former Bath full back Nick Abendanon was outstanding for Clermont as they tore Saracens to shreds . Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons . England hooker Tom Youngs also thinks the clause could create tension in the current international set-up .
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended .
Sergio Aguero slotted Manchester City into a two goal lead after a fine flowing counter attack by the home side against West Ham . The Argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break . West Ham defender James Collins (centre) watches on in despair as his miss-timed clearance loops over Adrian for an own goal . Man of the match: Jesus Navas . CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail's MATCH ZONE . Winger Stewart Downing (centre) attempts to avoid the attention of Manchester City full back Aleksandar Kolarov at the Etihad Stadium .
The table is compiled by Football Association delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven . Jose Mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment . Liverpool shows the greatest respect towards match officials, according to the figures .
Three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl, Lianne Hindle lay dead in the same hospital bed. The mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December. The probe also looked at the deaths of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital over the same time period .
Grim discovery: Street cleaners who found the remains initially feared they had stumbled across a murder victim . 'But we are now investigating how it ended up in a box outside of the main archaeological site.
Critical: A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in Suitland, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C. Shooter: Heavily armed tactical teams swarmed to the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself inside . The campus, built in 2006 and employing thousands, was locked down until about 9pm as authorities unsure where the shooter had gone quickly swarmed. The suspect was shot several times.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites, according to police. The agent's bags and some of his clothing were found at a Residence Inn across the street, but the sniper rifle has not been recovered. The hotel is just across the street from the state's FBI office .
A new financial survey has confirmed what Australians already know. The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country. A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than New York.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed his first transplant at just nine months old . But the boy's body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital, until father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday, leading to a full recovery.
These are the pictures taken by an unforgiving regime of the men, women and children caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches and then forced to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police. Collection: All the pictures have now been brought together in a book by the photographer Arwed Messmer .
Kim Min Hyeok (left) and Mu Kanazaki (right) fight it out for the ball on the wing during a J-League clash . Hyeok's boot appears to scrape down Kanazaki's face, but the man on the floor came out as the winner later .
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children. She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison, after prosecutors tried and failed to get the death penalty. But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility. Almost 14 years after the deaths, he maintains his ex-wife was a good mother who loved her children . He has now remarried and has a five-year-old son.
From a policing perspective, there wasn't even good reason to use a Taser against Harris. Cops were on scene. In fact, Harris was running fast and his arms were pumping very much like a man who is not protecting a gun in his waistband. He donated cars to the department. But I doubt there are many volunteer septuagenarians working with the violent crimes task force. Some people are a little too eager to be police officers. Maybe they put in a police light or two.
The former Tory party chairman said that unlike major figures such as Sir Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee or Aneurin Bevan, Mr Cameron had never had a ‘proper job’. He told the BBC’s Newsnight: ‘I just cannot read Mr Cameron’s mind. It’s a foreign country to me.
Rangers winger David Templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss Stuart McCall . He then stepped down when McCall and Kenny Black arrived. Templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement .
Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following the incident on March 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal. In the meantime WCR needs to take a number of steps to address Network Rail’s concerns.
Arda Turan is sent off by German referee Felix Brych in the 76th minute as Atletico Madrid were forced to play with 10 men . Atletico Madrid players protest the second yellow card shown to Turan which left the visitors up against it at the Bernabeu . In last year’s Champions League final. Real Madrid striker Hernandez had been having a frustrating evening for Real Madrid up until his goal in the 88th minute . Ramos goes down holding his face during the Madrid derby at the Bernabeu for the Champions League quarter-final second leg .
From left: Holly Willoughby, Katherine Jenkins and actress Scarlett Johansson are among the latest celebs sporting pink .
When you look at the image above, whose face do you see? At normal screen viewing distance you should see the face of Albert Einstein. At normal viewing distance, you may see a dolphin.
The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis, who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar," has been charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia, the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security said.
The notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place - but the message contains grammatical errors, according to one expert.
Valverde (centre) finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe (left) and Michael Albasini (right) on Wednesday . Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing the race and said he expects the former Tour de France winner will be fine to take part in the Tour de Romandie next week.
The British No 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday . Murray's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby . Murray has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach .
Ferguson, Missouri (CNN)At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore, a city spokesman said. "At this point police are not sure if the (shootings are) linked to the protest or not."
The world class midfielder took to Twitter to advise that his the 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out. The residence is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed.
Energy drinks like Red Bull are causing children to behave badly, a teaching union has claimed . Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’. Of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed, 13 per cent cited ‘use of caffeine and energy drinks … as a driver of poor pupil behaviour’.
And the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate. The service started out as a simple novelty when the owner began etching rabbits, which coincide with the cafe's theme, into cups of coffee. Mr Yonzon plans on expanding his special service, and hopes to soon be able to produce three dimensional caricatures.
Raymond van Barneveld was in formidable form as he won 'the battle of Holland' against Michael van Gerwen . Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting but the 16-time world champion will be disappointed he didn't finish off 'The Bullet' - earning himself maximum points. Gary Anderson fought back form 6-2 down to earn himself a valuable draw against James Wade in Aberdeen .
Anyone attending the Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction next month might want to bring a pair of sunglasses with them. It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and  a pair of diamond earrings with £670,000. Overall, the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million.
Fashion star: Comedian Rye Silverman (pictured) is the newest star of ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign . Dressed to impress: The 32-year-old Los Angeles resident has long-been a fan of the brand's clothing collection, and frequently posts images of herself on the ModCloth open fashion forum .
Experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. By capturing emissions from power plants and removing it from the air, Audi says its new fuel can be used without adding to the burden of gas in the atmosphere.
"However, contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase for it to be possible to regard this as a firm decision or an operative plan," Lombardi continued.
'He just rocked up,' said delighted Barry Trust, a resident of the tiny township which sits 600 miles away from the nearest city - Darwin. Prince Harry has been in Australia since Monday and spent his first day  paying his respects at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra before reporting for duty.
Rae Johnston said she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit . The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con - the official Australian version of the internationally renowned pop culture convention, the San Diego Comic-Con . Meanwhile both Perth and Adelaide are expecting over 20,000 people to attend their separate events this year.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday’s home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club. Sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over St. James' Park to boast about their derby wins .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. Other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children.
According to TMZ, the prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years. It has been reported they separated three weeks ago. And because they have no children together there is no issue about child support but they are fighting over property already, it was alleged on Friday.
Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland in New York City. The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well, attending Finding Neverland rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina’s birthday earlier in the week.
These shocking pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition to hone hunting skills in Yakutsk, eastern Russia. The controversial contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. Under attack: Masha, a five-year-old bear, can be seen attacked by a number of dogs as she is chained to the tree by her neck .
Nigel Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten . Among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe, where candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims.
Louis van Gaal gave Andres Iniesta his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . Iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester United during Barca's run to Champions League success in 2009, admitting his winning goal at Stamford Bridge was one of the highlights of his career.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. At 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated . Dr Paley said he would be able to save Luca's leg and allow him to walk, so his parents began fundraising more than £100,000 to take their son to the US.
Ravi Beefnah plastered his £35,000 Audi A5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . Mr Beefnah's car has been parked outside the Audi dealership in Chelmsford, Essex, for two months . Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge, including Mr Beefnah's.
The York County Coroner's Office says 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township. Tragedy: Police say a husband shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early Sunday morning . Pittman was a resident of Baltimore.
The fight broke out on the Oman Air flight 102 to Muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. However, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out. The pilot alerted Muscat Airport, and on arrival, one man was taken away for questioning.
Ben Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry . 'I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. I was embarrassed. PBS meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network's editorial standards.
With the death toll now standing at more than 4,000, mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital, as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition. Today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned  in the ghats beside the river. The temple has been overwhelmed with the number of dead bodies .
The harrowing two-minute clip shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp on Saturday. The helicopter rescues are heavily contingent on the weather. The death toll on Everest is still unclear.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. Eva Kor (pictured) told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the Nazi death camp .
Only Spieth and Wood ever got to 18 under, and Spieth is now the only person to reach 19 under. Justin Rose (left) congratulates Spieth after the young Texan holes his last shot on the 18th green .
Stephanie Scott's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was sitting between Ms Scott's parents Merrilyn and Robert, wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt . Hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending Stephanie Scott's funeral in central-west NSW on Wednesday . Earlier in the day and just down the road from the venue, people in Eugowra and Canowindra painted the town the same colour as a sign of respect for the beloved teacher.
President Barack Obama (above with Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller) became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982on Thursday . President Obama signaled Thursday while speaking in Jamaica he will soon remove Cuba from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism . Last night Secretary of State John Kerry met Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez in a Panama City hotel. Cuban President Raul Castro (above) arrived in Panama Thursday, where he will attend a dinner with President Obama on Friday .
The controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems, although research has shown it to be safe. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda. Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners, specifically aspartame.
Labour will ‘never’ walk away from the European Union, Ed Miliband will say today. Today he will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’.
Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be forced out of the country within 28 days, after Ms Sevilla's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful. The single-mum initially  had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system', according to the Immigration Department. Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government. 'The visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement.' Ms Sevilla, a single mum and nurse in the Queensland town of Townsville, has lived in Australia with her son since 2007.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren, aged nine, and Zoe, 13, before stopping to give a heartfelt speech. Kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom after being accused of using the internet, which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $100,000 bond. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9 . Ms D'Argent recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners' corporation and elevator service, Thyssenkrupp Elevator Australia .
The daughter of troubled ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne has been mugged by a gang on bikes in central London who took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father. Miss Gascoigne later took to her Twitter page, where she too branded the muggers 'low lifes'.
A 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding. He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state. Blissful: Agonda Beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of Goa . There are yoga and Pilates classes, massage sessions, trinket sellers, football kick-arounds, Frisbee games, joggers.
Tragic: Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died after being struck by an express train . Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over the deaths. In total, the firm’s bosses received £250,000 in bonuses last year.
Nico Rosberg duels for position with the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel during Sunday's race in Bahrain . Lewis Hamilton sprays Rosberg with champagne after the Briton secured his third win in four races this term . Rosberg is already 27 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Hamilton in the battle for this season's title . Rosberg dices with Kimi Raikkonen .
Safety questions: Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months. The figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe . Many former pilots, co-pilots and aircrew staff believe they have suffered long-term illnesses because of the amount of time they have spent exposed to cabin air and ‘toxic fumes’.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms . With a base price of about £5,450 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, with the illusion of being under the sea . The 110-acre resort (pictured at left) opened in 2008 and is located on the Palm Jumeirah artificial island off the coast of Dubai .
Gary Neville believes Manchester United have a good chance of beating Chelsea with the form they're in . Louis van Gaal's side have performed admirably this season and are all but guaranteed Champions League .
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. 'From today, on Instagram emoji will now work within hashtags, so you can add them to your posts, search for them on the Explore page, and tap on them in captions.' Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
A pregnant Popeyes employee in Texas says that she was fired from her job at the fast food chain after being robbed and refusing to personally pay back the money that was stolen. Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31.
The unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland. If that is too pricey, fans can buy a £2,500 ($4,150) ticket package that includes about 20 minutes of alone time with Pacino in his dressing room, or they can spend £650 ($1,080) for a group meet and greet.
London pad: The new arrival will also have the run of a second nursery at Kensington Palace . Prepared: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also have plenty of pieces left over from Prince George .
The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night, the Metropolitan Police said in a statement Monday.
Cristiano Ronaldo only needed 288 games to score 300 goals for Real Madrid and he has been presented with a special shirt to mark his achievements  by club president Florentino Perez. Real Madrid host Malaga this weekend as they look to narrow the gap between themselves and Barca at the top of La Liga, but Ronaldo won't be linking up with Karim Benzema.
The High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. The policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley - nicknamed the Skull Cracker – walked out of an open jail in May while on day release  despite a history of prison escapes.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner. Originally a first-round draft choice  of the Denver Broncos in 2010, the 6-3, 236-pound Tebow worked out with the . Tebow has thrown 173 completions, 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions in 35 games in the NFL .
Chelsea captain John Terry has revealed his picks for the PFA Player and Team of the Year with Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho getting his nod as the Premier League's finest. The Blues legend named Phillipe Coutinho as his Player of the Year and Harry Kane as his Young Player . Former Chelsea stars Juan Mata (left) and Ryan Bertrand (right) were also named in Terry's XI .
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday . The injury is a continuation of the problem he sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar, claiming he has never seen a relationship like theirs. Suarez, Neymar and Messi (left-right) have a special relationship, according to Gerard Pique . There's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch.'
A playground in Tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation, which has raised fears for the health of children in the area. Elsewhere, a drone with a small amount of radiation was found on Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's office building this week.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water, saying he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.
Manager Steve Evans has revealed Rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend. On loan Derby defender Farrend Rawson (third right) played in the 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday .
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium. However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact 'misbranded'. Indeed, Daily Mail Online calculated that one KIND bar flavor - not included in the FDA investigation - contains more calories, fat and sodium than a Snickers bar.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. Pharaoh's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps 'promising young strippers and exotic dancers' find work 'in prestigious gentlemen's clubs' Lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe. He added a mirror to the front of the camera so that photographers could see exactly what they were doing. Despite being patented in 1983, the extender stick failed to become a success - mainly due to the poor image quality it captured. Mr Ueda's patent ran out in 2003, however, so he has not benefited from the recent boom.
Reading manager Steve Clarke insists the FA Cup needs protecting after some dubious scheduling decisions. Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve so the FA Cup can be preserved . It's a long break.
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views, puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal.
She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line. Ashley says the latest anti aging treatment is the Nefertiti lift for jowls .
Could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl? This photograph was captured in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year. Eerie: A pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father apparently does not recall a person standing there . 'I know there are several very old samurai tombs nearby.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell, My Fox DC reported. It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years, the Washington Post reported. At that point, she wasn't doing too well, and several of her organs were shutting down.'
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the Kremlin .
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state. Across the country Israelis remember the 23,320 people who died 'fighting for the national cause' since 1860 . Shoppers stand to attention and service stops during the two-minute silence in Jerusalem on Yom Hazikaron, held on Wednesday this year . Visitors pay their respects to fallen service personnel at a military graveyard in Tel Aviv.
Alec Stewart is intrigued to hear more about the newly-created role of England cricket director. Alec Stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ECB over the  role of England cricket director .
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon, previewing the showdown with Arsenal on Saturday and discussing the future of Raheem Sterling. The young England star has moved a step closer to an Anfield exit after revealing in a TV interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at Anfield. Sterling, 20, has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal. CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL STORY .
(CNN)Once Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online, social media responded in a big way, with terms like "Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016," and yes, even "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending.
Tonya Stack, whose husband Mike Stack holds the state's second-highest office, reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain Afghanistan veteran. He added that at the time he was sitting with the grandmother of Michael Strange, a Navy codebreaker who was killed by RPG fire in 2011 and whom the event was honoring.
Ms Ainscough, 30, died in late February following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma. Jessica Ainscough (left) was planning to marry her partner Tallon Pamenter this year. 'This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life,' Mr Pamenter said .
These were the scenes that greeted Animal Liberation Victoria activists who broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March. Activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions. However, several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish before Antonio Balzano’s own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game well and truly beyond doubt in the early stages of the second half.
Eden Hazard has been named 'one of the three best players in the world' by his manager Jose Mourinho . Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season and scored the winner against Manchester United . Hazard's goal in the 1-0 victory over United extends Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League table .
Talks over a new deal are progressing, but Tottenham want the contract concluded sooner rather than later. Clubs from across Europe are monitoring the Algeria international's situation at White Hart Lane .
Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer .
The Muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train are 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia. Now, in an extraordinary act of gratitude, the Brisbane couple's mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque. 'Nothing,' the ranter replied.
Jose Mourinho, pictured on the Chelsea bench during their win against Stoke, has sided with Arsene Wenger . Speaking last year, Wenger said he was ‘totally against’ the Ballon d’Or, and in a wide-ranging interview with the Telegraph, Mourinho moved to side with his great Premier League rival. Because you run 11km in a game and I run nine you did a better job than I did?
Three more of Hillary Clinton's 'everyday Americans'  have been revealed to have strong links to the Democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the White House. Stauch, an Iowa resident, is the former state senate campaign manager for Democrat Wendy Davis .
The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters. "We're close to month end -- how am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife?"
President Obama briefly met his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, on Friday night at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders convening in Panama City for the Summit of the Americas. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. The pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record, which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences. It is believed Knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Juan Mata revealed Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016 in France . Rooney and Mata will look to continue United's push for a return to Champions League football when Aston Villa visit Old Trafford in the Premier League on Saturday.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States and chairman of PR1MA Malaysia, Bernama said.
Intriguingly, there are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Farage’s Ukip. More than half of those polled think Sturgeon would have the upper hand over Miliband, with fewer than three in ten saying the Labour leader would call the shots. The latest poll expressed concern over the possible influence Nicola Sturgeon would have over Ed Miliband .
Chelsy Davy showcased her style credentials as she stepped out in London rocking ripped jeans and a chic blazer on Wednesday night. It's the second night out on the town for the party girl, who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday .
"I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade, and I think we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe.
Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo from facing death row. In true non-nonsense style, Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' as he urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives. Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad .
In 2015 the festival, which also includes a plethora of art, music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition, has expanded its installations outside the CBD and now includes the newly erected Central Park in Chippendale and the north shore suburb of Chatswood. Transcendence: Martin Place will play host to a glowing pop-up bar from May 22 .
Stoke City are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper Asmir Begovic as he enters the final of his contract . Begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium with Stoke . 'Signing Jack Butland to an extended contract is a statement that we are in the Premier League for the long term.'
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. Heslip said: 'When I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging.
The 42-year-old, who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years, is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. Sheer: Julian Lines, pictured in red, was filmed completing the climb in the Cairngorm, Scotland, using just his hands and feet for support . While the ascent would leave most with their palms sweating, Mr Lines, from Northern Ireland, said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
A nine-year-old boy has died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash that also killed his eight-year-old sister. Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday. They were travelling with their mother, Chantelle Boddy, 31, grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12, when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. Daniel is now in a stable condition. Piper died on Sunday morning, while her brother William died later that night .
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
A church treasurer accused of killing his wife by deliberately smashing his 4x4 vehicle into a tree at 84mph has described their early sex life together as ‘dramatic’. And he admitted that as their relationship had worn on their sex life had waned.
A February clip from Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he 'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse who was beating protesters. His dispatches from the country at the time said that he was reporting from a balcony above the protest center, according to the New York Times. Williams' suspension is finished in early August.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. He was one of the four American citizens to die at Mount Everest during the deadly avalanche on Saturday . 'What Dan would want is for every single person out there to live life to the fullest and live in the moment because that's what he did.
As the worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW, some savvy social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. Boogie boarding: As the beaches were closed this water enthusiast decided to get his kicks in floodwater .
Killed: Police believe Samantha Fleming, 23 (left), was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker, so that the woman could murder her and steal Fleming's three-week-old baby, Serenity (right) Found dead: Fleming went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles in Gary. The suspect is said to have known a lot of personal information about Fleming and successfully posed as a case worker, leading Fleming to believe she had to attend a court hearing. Safe: Serenity was found in the custody of the suspect's sister. But when she texted the alleged kidnapper after she saw police enter her home on Friday, the messages stopped.
Her mother Stacey Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, had always wondered about the slightly narrow shape of daughter Ava's head. Ava, now six, had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle . The Royal Children's Hospital's Good Friday Appeal is on tomorrow, April 3.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot (shown) it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
Glenn Murray jumps for joy after putting Crystal Palace 1-0 up against Manchester City on Monday night . His poachers' effort on Monday was his fifth goal in his last five games. His faith has been rewarded with a rich vein of goalscoring form that gives Murray the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the Premier League.
The feature exports all of your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter .
Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document, so she could gain greater control over her mother’s money. She owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares worth £100,000, and has an income of £1,200 a month.
Top of the Pops star Jimmy Savile, pictured, was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in Battersea . It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time, but they have all been linked to the property.
People from the U.S. West Coast to Australia were able to catch the total eclipse. Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event, but it wasn't visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
William Beggs (pictured) is known as the Limbs in the Loch killer for raping, murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999 . A convicted murderer who murdered and dismembered his teenage victim has had boiling hot water thrown over him in an apparent revenge attack in a Scottish prison.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,' he said in a statement released to the media. The School Nutrition association doesn’t think Michelle Obama's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed for the National School Lunch Program.
Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at Halloween wearing a Poison Ivy costume . He declined to discuss media reports that part of Chelsea's costume were found. The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township.
Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with Leona – who is nicknamed Le. Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister worked . Today she works in nursing and is divorced with a son Stephan, 17, and daughter, and lives a quiet life south of Sydney.
Shay Mitchell . Sylvia Matzkowiak is a German Instagrammer and traveller, photographing locations as varied as South Africa (left) and Venice (right) Sylvia Matzkowiak . The Blonde Gypsy may have been born in California, but she's become a 'Master of Europe' thanks to her stunning Balkan snaps . Beyonce .
Corinthian Colleges, which was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions and ran brands such as Everest and Heald, will close its  schools after being fined $30million for misrepresenting job data . According to the company's filings, the schools generated $1.2billion government loans its final year.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday. The trial could last until autumn. Nine minutes before Holmes went into the movie theater, he called a University of Colorado switchboard, public defender Brady has said in court.
Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. Mayweather is not shy when it comes to sharing pictures of his wealth on social media . The two best pound-for-pound fighters will finally meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Paul Casey, pictured in action last month, is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters . ‘I was very relieved and now I am just so excited,’ said Casey, who made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012.
Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Elite Development Squad saw their Barclays Under 21 Premier League title hopes take a hit as an own goal gifted West Ham a deserved victory over them at Upton Park. A Dan Potts header and Adam Drury's own goal gave West Ham a two-goal lead before Olivier Ntcham pulled back a goal for City, but it was not enough.
A man who dresses as the Cookie Monster to greet visitors to New York's Times Square was arrested for allegedly groping a teenager. Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police  after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a Toys R Us store as she was shown round with her tour group. He was released on Tuesday morning as police confirmed they would not be prosecuting the case. It could have been anyone else, but not me.'
The Ukip leader said 'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now. He insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees. Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off the coast of Libya on Saturday, according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25.
Victoria Police said: 'Detectives have released a FACE image of a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries.' The Dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a 'serious' breach of his position of trust at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey.
The reigning champions face Diego Simeone's side at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night in the first leg of the last eight clash having failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts this season. But Brazil international Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against Tuesday's opponents.
Now comes the new issue of Vanity Fair, with Jenner on the cover in makeup and a skimpy dress, along with a new name: Caitlyn. A recent report by the Human Rights Campaign found that transgender people in the United States are more likely to face discrimination from employers and the effects of unemployment and poverty. Many also are denied services from safety-net providers such as emergency shelters.
The luxurious bathroom from the designer hotel suite in LA provides the perfect retreat . Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the Vivienne Westwood store in West Hollywood, with an added discount.
Reanne Evans has seen her reign as women's world snooker champion come to a shock end . Evans has dominated the ladies' game and in 2010 became the first woman to be afforded the chance to qualify for men' events since 1994.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video went viral onine . Ambition: Travis says he had long dreamed of becoming a country singer and is now receiving offers from Nasville .
Hours after the company's CEO, Doug McMillon, called on Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill, the governor held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed. The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School. An investigation found she had 'improper relations' with two others, police say . The 32-year-old pleaded not guilty to the charges against her in January. Scene: McDonough, a married mother of two, worked as an English teacher at West Morris Mendham High School in Morristown, New Jersey .
Almost as big as a person: Ben dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season . Ben's arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the UK weighed in at a massive 24lbs in north Wales.
The man, found on the streets of Gniezno in western Poland in February, told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. 'He has no idea why he is in Poland or how he got here nor does he know which country he originally comes from.'
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free, has been called off. Mr Harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found 'within a month' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there could then be up to 30 live young on the loose.
All those feelings and more permeated cities, villages and camps around Nepal on Saturday, after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. Injecting fluids into the subsurface is one way of increasing the pore pressure and causing faults and fractures to 'fail' more easily.
Charged: Rejean Hermel Perron (pictured) has been accused of holding a woman captive for five days and subjecting her to multiple sexual assaults . The 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from a home in Toronto, Canada, bound by handcuffs, badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help. Police claim Rejean Hermel Perron held the alleged victim at gunpoint on March 31 when she refused to go inside. Detectives believe there could be more victims who have yet to come forward.
There will have been eight Madrid derbies by the end of this season, no city showdown has been played more in recent years. Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition that brings them level with Inter and AC Milan in number of city duels.
Philippe Coutinho has starred for Liverpool since moving from Inter Milan in 2013 . The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Season this term .
Kill 'em all: Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, Michigan, posted the above to Facebook . 'Flipping disgusting'? 'Solution. The outrage prompted Walsh's bosses to issue a statement defending her, claiming the post was 'completely out of character'.
But Sunday's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War took about 5,000 miles (8,000 kilometers) south of the South, in a rural Brazilian town colonized by families fleeing Reconstruction. Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875. Amid food and beer stands bedecked with red-white-and-blue ribbons, extended families tucked into diet-busting barbecue and hamburger lunches as 'Dixie' played on a loop.
The man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's restaurant . The couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter.
'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the man. The man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle. However, it has been confirmed police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35. Ms D’Addario was reported missing by concerned family members on Monday after disappearing along with her boyfriend Josaia (Joey) Vosikata, 27.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday. The lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie, which she captioned: 'Still waiting #9months [sic],' the day before she welcomed her son into the world.
By the time she turned five, Amber Rachdi, now 24, from Troutdale in Oregon, weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman. Obese: At her heaviest, Amber tipped the scales at an unhealthy 46st (657lbs) 'Sometimes I think to myself I'm never going to change,' she admitted in the run-up to life-saving bariatric surgery. Slimmer: Ms Rachdi has now shed 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former body weight .
The 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game. Philippe Coutinho hit the only goal of the game as Liverpool advanced to the FA Cup semi-finals . 'He said to me, "Boss, as soon as the baby's out, I'll be coming back".'
The two French tourists charged with setting fire to a quokka have been released from jail after spending a week behind bars . The men were released at 11.30 am on Thursday morning after entering the jail, in Canning Vale, Western Australia on Friday. Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime .
Bruce Jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. Change of heart: Bruce halted his gender transition after meeting Kris Kardashian in late 1990. Family man:  Bruce and Kris tied the knot in April 1991 just months after meeting. Inspiration: Transgender tennis player Renee Richards won the right to complete as a woman in the 1977 U.S. Open after winning a landmark legal battle. Richards was born a boy in 1934 .
Burton Albion's Manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink smiles after seeing his side promoted to League One . Defender Mark Ellis scored to ensure Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to League One .
On April 3 Kim watched Murray, 27, beat Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic in their semi-final match in a high necked black mini dress accompanied with her trusty Ray-ban glasses and straw hat. The 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the Men's Final of the Miami Open .
Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The  young centre midfielder is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona.
The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the Etihad deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador . Kidman stars in Etihad's new 'Hollywood Glamour' global brand campaign. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities .
The video of the swimming echidna, which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel, was posted online by YouTube user Emma B. They live on a diet of ants, termites, grubs and worms but biologists think the mammals evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus.
DeShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position, according to Assistant State’s Attorney Joe DiBella. She was left with bruises and cuts all over her body as well as a concussion after the six-minute ride. DiBella said the woman was still vomiting from the extent of her injuries on Wednesday, according to NBC Chicago. DiBella said the teenager admitted to robbing, beating and sexually assaulting the woman and gave a handwritten confession.
As protests erupt nationwide after the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody, some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city, while others are left to rebuild or repair after Monday's riot.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminarwhich claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want' The mood is tribal. Marianne (pictured) has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month and this month she chose that of Anthony Robbins .
The move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of Dave Laut, the Ventura County Star reports. It came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial. The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom . Self-defense? Her attorney Ron Bamieh called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional' and 'pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case.
Fireball, which didn't exist in its current form a decade ago, is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. And these figures don't include sales in bars, where Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice. "Fireball is an incredible phenomenon.
Spooky find: Barry Selby was eating a bag of Tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the 'skull' snack . Comparison: The 54-year-old said he was 'shocked' to make the discovery, although it is not his first. 'I'm going to keep it forever, it's just so spooky.
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am, and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.
Air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where MH17 fell in eastern Ukraine after the Boeing 777 was shot out of the sky nine months ago. The Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile, killing all 298 passengers and crew on July 17, 2014. MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror.
Arsene Wenger is March's winner of the Premier League Manager of the Month award - his 14th accolade . Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including this one for February 1997 . He may have struggled to fill Ferguson's shoes at Old Trafford, but David Moyes won this accolade 10 times when in charge of Everton. Jose Mourinho has won the prize on three occasions - including here in March 2007 . The award has been won 52 times by a Scottish manager and 17 times by a Frenchman.
Joe Anderson, 56, the Mayor of Liverpool, claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School, Merseyside, despite doing nothing for pupils . And when Chesterfield High School in Crosby, Merseyside, stopped the payments in 2011, he attempted to sue them, claiming discrimination because of his 'philosophical belief' in public service.
The Italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million and Lukaku’s decision to sever his links with Christophe Henrotay, who oversaw his Everton club record £28m move from Chelsea last summer, adds a possible new dimension to his career. Roberto Martinez, the Everton manager, is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola . Martinez believes that Ross Barkley (left) will benefit from the difficult season that he has endured .
This may seem a little premature, but as Eden Hazard prepares for to make his 100th Barclays Premier League appearance for Chelsea at QPR on Sunday, the little magician could have a rival in years to come. Slowly he has bought into dressing room culture. Mourinho poses with Hazard after he was named Chelsea's Player of the Year last season . Given time, he could even be remembered as the very best.
Gregory van der Wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain in the summer and instead reiterated his 'love' for the club. Dani Alves (left) is being linked with a move to the French champions and Van der Wiel could be sold .
Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised during Atletico Madrid's Champions League quarter-final tie . Atletico and rivals Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps . But Atletico manager Diego Simeone says Mandzukic should be fit for the second leg clash on Wednesday .
The Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks, worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff, for a further five years. Saying he is 'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many', Mr Cameron will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day. David Cameron will today claim that Labour's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work .
Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead. Bersant Celina: Kosovan international Celina struggled to fill in for injured star Thierry Ambrose, seeing one shot from the edge of the area easily held by Collins. Abraham makes it 2-1 at the Academy Stadium with an acrobatic finish past Christian Haug .
Maria McErlane (left) with painter Doon Mackichan at The Datai hotel in Malaysia . First class display: The pair were serenaded by doe-eyed dusky leaf monkeys in the trees .
The Juventus side which faced Monaco in the Champions League had an average age of 30 years and 64 days . Average age: 30years 64days . Portsmouth's XI which faced Spurs in March 2007 is the oldest side to have been fielded in the Premier League .
(CNN)The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer. But in his life, 50-year-old Walter Scott was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged. At the time of his death, Scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children and hadn't made a payment since July 2012, according to Charleston County family court documents.
TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
Winger James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday after recovering from a knee injury that has kept him out of the last two matches.
Meet some of the more than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America. But now, the 'tight-knit' gang members, who are aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. They are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working stints as models . According to the Washingtonian, she continues: 'Being gay and black... it's like a nightmare waiting to happen.'
That was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old Yousafzai -- who was despised by Taliban militants for her outspoken support of girls' right to an education -- was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus.
Moscow (CNN)A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences, because of fears it might run afoul of the country's anti-gay propaganda law. The former senator and first lady first declared her support for same-sex marriage in early 2013, saying that "gay rights are human rights, and human rights are gay rights."
The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones. The Times reported that the two 17-year-old boys told relatives that they were going on a school trip, but instead used the Easter holidays as a 'window of opportunity' to flee Britain.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. And cars were left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water.
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. To make her dolls she often uses real furs - such as mink and fox - which she recycles from old hats, collars or coats.
He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock. Pulled to safety: The Good Samaritan pushed the fallen man onto the platform then jumped up after him .
Oldham Athletic have signed Ronaldo. The man in question is 16-year-old Ronaldo Brown who has joined the Latics after being released by Liverpool. Oldham's newest signing also has a younger sister called Trezeguet, named after the former French striker .
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera, the Detective Camera. This was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge . ‘These photographs are very rare and unique because they represent the missing link between the old style tripod photography and Kodak box photography.’ It was the first time individuals who weren't trained in the science and chemistry of photography had the opportunity to dabble in the art. The Crowd Source exhibition will run from April 4 until August 23.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on the ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen . The Wisden editor is just as scathing about England's decision to sack Alastair Cook as one-day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous World Cup in England's history. Sri Lanka's brilliant Kumar Sangakkara clinched the title of leading cricketer in the world . Australia's Meg Lanning is honoured with the inaugural women's award.
Astonishingly, the emergency stopper kept a clean sheet as Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener. Speaking to local TV after the game, Andersson - a retired goalkeeper who earned one cap for Sweden in 2001 - said: 'It was a scenario that I never could have prepared myself for.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani. 'The ironical thing here was that the brother went online the next day and praised how Dawlah [Islamic State] managed to defend an onslaught by the enemy, and how people in the west need to "stop being cowards". Hussain has complained at how some moan like 'menstruating women' at the guns they have been given .
Opponents Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas face off during the UFC weigh-in at the Patriot Center . I feel like Chad is a great fighter so we're going to bring the best out of each other, for sure.' Meanwhile arguably two of the lightweight division's most exciting fighters, Jorge Masvidal and Al Iaquinta, meet in the co-main event - a bout which should showcase some of the finest striking in the division.
"It is still totally unclear when this might happen, if it happens at all."
Lily Sharp perhaps took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped . 'My name is Victor' she replies before demanding a ransom 'I have your child. Although her mother may not have found the joke funny, after posting a photo of the messages on Twitter, Lily received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites.
Ms Hornby also has a daughter Charlie, seven (pictured) Premature: Freddie weighed just 2lbs after being born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm. Shocked: Ms Hornby thought she was going to die when she gave birth three months prematurely .
The Scottish game is engaged in a Faustian pact. And the television piper is calling the tune. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. English football is treated with reverence and respect. Scottish football like a pavement beggar.
Privately-educated Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving  Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus. Agnese, 30, disappeared after a night out at glitzy Puerto Banus nightclub Aqwa Mist on September 6 . Co-accused Craig Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella. John Capper's private jet. He specialises in buying and selling luxury properties .
Mourinho had just made his first impression on the Champions League by knocking out United with unfancied Porto. Sir Alex Ferguson and Jose Mourinho formed a firm friendship despite being fierce rivals . Fergie's Manchester United were stunned by Mourinho's Porto in the Champions League in 2004 . Mourinho claims to have learned respect from Ferguson, but he has had many spats with Arsene Wenger .
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. Sellers on eBay who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers for their goods that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices, such as this watch example .
Finally reunited: Darren Goddard (right) finally met his son Lewis Helget, 27, last month after 25 years apart . Mr Goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with Lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident. He eventually came to terms with the fact he would never see his son again. Around three years ago, Mr Goddard's daughter Cally, 15, created a Facebook page for him.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ‘unchecked’ because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. Miss Gadde said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse – because it had to do better.
Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. Charged: Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . They continued having sexual encounters, the report said, and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with 'Hi Baby'. ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts, fantasies and dreams, and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side. Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry.
The Indiana native, who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday, had defied doctors' expectations after they told her that she would not live past December. The co-founder of her nonprofit foundation confirmed Lauren's death in hospital on Friday. Fighter: The NCAA moved the school's first game forward last November (pictured) so that Lauren could achieve her dream of playing for collegiate basketball. She went on to play four games for the school . Her nonprofit foundation helped to raise more than $1.5 million for cancer research.
While Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. But despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
Long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers of the late 19th Century had to resort to other tactics (pictured) These comical printed cards were handed out by men  to women they found attractive . Some were quite specific in their nature - albeit in a very polite way . card .
(Hodder £14.99) At the age of 42, San Francisco-based journalist Robin Rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed- for child. The pregnancy test turned out to be wrong, but her husband Scott wasn’t taking any more chances: he got a vasectomy. Robin Rinaldi (pictured) demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott after he had a vasectomy .
Beaten: Workers were treated roughly by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ‘sweatshop’ factory . Violence: Dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported following the strike at the Mauritius factory where police are accused of brutality .
Ms Jones told Femail: 'Snack Amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack, opening something and eating far more than they intended. Then there are the Super Snackers. This tribe only nibble sensibly, as and when their body tells them to,' Ms Jones said.
Robbie McNamara is feeling 'great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at Wexford. Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos; all in the same flattering cuts that have cemented her status as one of the nation's most popular plus-size designers. The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex is proud to have gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand. Gemma tells FEMAIL.
Peter Tait, the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset, claimed parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. He said: 'What has made some parents put their own child at the centre of the universe and to hell with the rest?' Mr Tait is Headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School (pictured) in Dorset, who has been writing in Attain magazine .
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola blamed his team's Champions League quarter-final first-leg defeat by Porto on injuries. Julen Lopetegui says reaching the Champions League semi-final would be a dream come true .
Alan Smith has denied claims that Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit nine years ago . Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle as a result of the incident at Anfield .
The 30-year-old Spaniard's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with Atletico Madrid, and Cazorla admits he has heard about interest from the Spanish capital. Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid . Cazorla has been enjoying some of the best form of his career for Arsenal with season, scoring seven goals .
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets. The total charge for wrongdoing last year – £9.9billion – was only 8 per cent less than the previous year.
A similar display - like the one in Jervis Bay (pictured) - was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 . Iain Suthers, of University of New South Wales, says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .
Weighed down by eyelashes, Olivia Phillips took to the streets (and supermarkets) of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll . Doors opened for her, small animals and children stared, she got a hand with her shopping and a wink with her Starbucks . You look like a cake!
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You. It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Mr Hand, left, has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine. But after he and his wife Kate, who have an eight-year-old daughter called Mia, tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs, they were told they weren't eligible. We don't have a bathroom or bedroom downstairs and my husband will be expected to spend all of his time in the family living room with very little dignity or privacy.'
Darren Gough, Kevin Pietersen's close friend, says his pal only has a small chance of returning for England . Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer . But Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground a few months later. Gough plans to competes in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for Lord's Taverners charity .
Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups, Secret Garden. The arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity.
Next, ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause. The leaders of ISIS have recognized that above all, they are a messaging machine, which in turn becomes a recruitment machine.
Joe Hart has been lamenting the Premier League champions' fall from grace this season . It was a tough result to take.
The jockey they all struggle to beat but also a rider no sane jockey would attempt to emulate. AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career . McCoy has two rides at Sandown on Saturday before he retires from professional racing for good .
Brendan Rodgers has spoken in the past of his admiration for Walcott while Wenger has made no secret he is a fan of Sterling. Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling, England's leading wingers, are both in contract negotians with their clubs . Sterling has scored six times and created 62 chances in the Premier League this season .
David Billing, 48, had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer, so doctors made him a new one out of skin from his arm - which still has hairs on it .
This is the cringe-making moment Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party – and even let the bride on his tour bus for a 'selfie'. The Labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting 'Selfie! If you were on this hen party, please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .
Garry Monk wants Swansea to continue their own impressive form with victory over Everton on Saturday . 'Roberto is a good manager, but sometimes you have good periods and sometimes you have bad ones. 'It's just making sure you come through them and he's won the last three games, they're back on the up and he'll want to finish the season strongly. Roberto Martinez is hoping to continue Everton's form against his former team in the Premier League .
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz as Marseille push for a £15m sale.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements.
The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses. Bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his Taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket. The interview follows reports that Bates, a millionaire insurance broker, had been allowed to 'play cop' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called 'unbelievably unfair'. Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office as an 'advanced reserve'.
The rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years, researchers say. And it's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in Western nations like Germany and the United States. "There's a limit to how many hours kids can go outside."
(CNN)Police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days, Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien said Tuesday. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
At 1,000 square feet, the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in. Located in Trout Creek, about 100 miles south of the US-Canada border, the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors, and has no mobile phone service as it is completely underground.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday . Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain against Malaga and is expected to be unavailable for six weeks.
A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW and around a three hour drive from Leeton where she worked. High school teacher Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the venue where she was set to get married . ‘I met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl. School cleaner Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June.
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, is facing the threat of a new inquiry into claims she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets . Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw against the Montreal Impact in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final.
The Scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes - up to four times a week - has helped her drop two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10. And Lorraine also found a friend for life in instructor Maxine.
The former U.S. Army General, whose career was destroyed when the affair with Paula Broadwell emerged in November 2012, avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation. Apologies: Former CIA director David Petraeus apologized for his 'mistakes' as he spoke outside the North Carolina courthouse where he was sentenced to two years probation on Thursday afternoon . It emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer . Affair: Petraeus gave his mistress Paula Broadwell, pictured together in 2011, classified material that he had improperly kept from his time in the military. They carried on an affair between late 2011 and the summer of 2012.
Bundle of joy: The 37-year-old shared this precious baby photo to announce the birth of her third child and first daughter on February 9 . Maggie and Alex, who also have a three-year-old son named Zander, are spending time with their family, including their newborn at an unidentified tropical destination.
"Roots," the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. Now A&E networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016.
An amorous Italian couple have been fined £9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out. Their long-suffering neighbours, who first took them to court in 2009, described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their two children awake.
Now, the pair's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "High Profits," which premieres Sunday, April 19, at 10 p.m. ET/PT.
The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron. Dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire .
Pep Guardiola is targeting winning  three trophies with Bayern Munich this season . Guardiola reacts after his side lost 3-1 away at Porto in the first leg of their Champions League encounter . Guardiola insisted he is confident his team will overturn the scoreline against Porto on Tuesday .
However, when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact. Waterproof: But another test has shown that the Apple Watch Sport lives up to Apple's waterproof claims after surviving 15 minutes in a swimming pool (shown above) Apple's CEO, Tim Cook previously said that he showers wearing his Apple Watch and Apple said the Sport edition has an IPX7 water-resistance rating, which means it can be submerged up to 3ft (1 metre) underwater for 30 minutes.
She told ABC she hasn't watched the video of the shooting. Slager is now charged with murder. Slager was later cleared in that incident. Who was Walter Scott?
Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. The Greeks launched wide-scale campaigns to dissuade drunkenness, with playwrights using gods in their productions to warn against alcohol abuse.
Mogi Mirim announced on Tuesday that Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
Not to Manchester City, not to anyone. BACARY SAGNA . Man City: none. He has not played a first-team game for Arsenal since November 22, when he was substituted 55 minutes into the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United at the Emirates with an ankle injury. Gael Clichy (left) and Samir Nasri are just two Gunners who have left for Manchester City in recent seasons .
Radamel Falcao (right) spent his Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez . Manchester United striker Falcao walks through Alderley Edge in Cheshire on Thursday afternoon . The Colombia striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan from Monaco last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
The overbearing and interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people’s least favourite family member. And now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of Britons – who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws.
The tanker  was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground. Boom: A tanker carrying fracking wastewater - which contains traces of gas and petroleum - exploding at a facility in Greeley, Colorado, on Friday, after being struck by lightning in a storm. NGL Energy Partners have several similar facilites across the country. Burning for hours: Firefighters had no choice but to sit back and wait for some of the fires to subside, because they were ignited by oil . We’re still assessing the situation.' Most of North Texas, including Dallas-Fort Worth, was placed under a severe thunderstorm warning  until 1am Sunday. Under threat: The Academy of Country Music’s Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park in Arlington was threatened by the severe thunderstorm warning Saturday night. A storm system will produce a chance of showers and thunderstorms from the Upper Midwest to the Southeast.
The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks. However, Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency.
Pollster Nate Silver, who correctly called the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008, yesterday predicted a hung parliament after May 7 with the Tories winning 283 seats and Labour 274. This means that both David Cameron and Ed Miliband could find it almost impossible to secure enough support from other parties for a working majority – let alone rule on their own.
Twenty-year-old Sharista Giles (left) of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident. Giles (right) opened her eyes earlier this month. Though she is still nonverbal, Moser (left) talks to her daughter every day . Moser said Leighton has finally left the NICU and believes that Giles will make a full recovery and will be able to raise her son.
Jade and Aaron Badland asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel employee, calling her a 'bloody foreigner'.
Legendary Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has picked his Champions League dream team . GOALKEEPER . Iker Casillas . Pavel Nedved made 247 appearances for Juve during a glittering career with the Serie A side . Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Buffon's Champions League dream team (right)
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri (pictured) left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech . Daniel toasted his brother Adrian (right) and his new wife Sarah (left) at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice .
It comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive, was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College on Thursday. Mouring: Today hundreds of grieving relatives were still gathered in grief outside the college, where 148 people were murdered .
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. 'We did this for him,' Mike Upright said. 'We know he's up there giggling right now.
She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013. The Conference USA official became the first woman to officiate and FBS game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 . Shannon Eastin .
Alan Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on Radio 4's Feedback programme . Mr Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. 'The modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago – not consistently so, anyway.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. A group of Bollaert's victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures. Not only would he the photos, but the names, addresses and social media details of the people in them.
He also still has his driver's license (March 2015 file photo) The record was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence, according to the Sacramento Bee. The newspaper reported that Weber's flight experience goes back decades: he flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War, and also served as a Korean War flight instructor.
Archaeologists have revealed that they have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. These early stone tools found in Ethiopia are thought to be around 1.7 million years and were used as choppers . Recent discoveries have suggested that the Homo genus first began around 2.8 million years ago, but the tools discovered at Lake Turkana are 500,000 years older than that.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. Mr Brand also points to the efforts that have taken place on many islands around the world - where species are most vulnerable to extinction. Mr Brand said he did not believe climate change is likely to have much impact on the loss of wildlife as many species will evolve and adapt to cope.
In fact, many have taken to Twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists, which feature rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier. The indie music is paired with the airline's new state-of-the-art cabins and, so far, all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the in-flight playlists.
Last week Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties – including the Shard – in an attempt to win a place in the British Establishment. They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK. Just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion.
When Sally Lutkin decided to have her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg, she imagined ending up with a beautiful, life-long reminder of her loved ones. Instead, she was left with a gruesome black hole and a lasting scar in the middle of her calf, after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
The Troy, Alabama, Police Department found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting. A statement from Troy University confirmed the two men are current students.
A fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of a Syrian imam who was shot dead in his car on a London street. Suspects: Leslie Cooper, left, appeared in court charged with murder while Burnell Mitchell, right, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
It’s been just over three years since Dana Vulin was set alight  at her Perth home, resulting in horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face, arms and torso. Lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska will on Tuesday, in the Supreme Court of Western Australia, claim that Ms Vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court, based on footage that shows her recovery filmed for Channel 7's Sunday Night program. Ms Vulin has many more operations to come and still suffers greatly with functionality . They are appealing for her sentence to be reduced . I can’t really bend my elbows or raise my arms.
Veteran airman Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO . Mr Danziger, who flew Barack Obama during his 2008 election campaign, recalled the object flying in the same direction as his aircraft for around 30 seconds before it vanished like the 'setting sun.' 'I'm not going too far out on a ledge to say that virtually all pilots believe in UFOs.'
Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on Javier Hernandez's celebration, by posting an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup's passing. The pass can be just as important as the goal.'
Eidur Gudjohnsen, pictured with fellow goalscorer Craig Davies, celebrates after scoring against Cardiff . Craig Davies fired a double to ensure his side claimed all three points at the Cardiff City Stadium .
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s . The entrepreneur painted the doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red, pictured with Kate Moss . The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
To commemorate St George's Day, the worlds of football and rugby have collided in a crossbar challenge between England stars of both sporting persuasions. (L-R) George Ford, Jack Nowell, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill take to the field at Pennyhill Park .
Taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. THE EXPERT: We sent Deborah to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment. 'The coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth!'
The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig. They showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to the report. She grabbed Bieber by the arm and was walking the singer and his bodyguards inside, when festival security came up from behind and allegedly put Bieber in a chokehold.
Many researchers believe the moon formed after Earth was hit by a planet the size of Mars billions of years ago. But one mystery has persisted, revealed by rocks the Apollo astronauts brought back from the moon - why are the moon and Earth so similar in their composition? Scientists at the Israel Institute of Technology and the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado said that Theia actually had a similar composition to Earth.
A teenager had to close her mother’s shop to detain a shoplifter for three hours until police arrived – only for them to let her off with a caution. When police finally got to the vintage clothing store, they said the stolen knickers, which had been reduced to £1, were not worth enough to prosecute. Mrs Cope, who has owned the Baklash store in Nottingham city centre for 33 years, was away when the thief struck last Thursday.
"Furious 7" is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date.
'Nothing needs to be made out of it.' Everyone heard: When another player at the press conference as asked about Badgers player Frank Kaminsky (right), Harrison (left) covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' - but his microphone still projected the comment. Harrison said in a series of comments on Twitter that he wanted to apologize 'for my poor choice of words used in jest towards a player I respect and know.'
Shadab reportedly told Shahnawaz to move his bike as he was unable to manoeuvre his car. ‘Dial 100’ The cops allegedly told them to dial 100. Shahnawaz, bleeding heavily, was rushed to the nearby Lok Nayak Jaiprakash Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. However, a local AAP leader said they were not members of the party .
David Cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol. Prime Minister David Cameron and George Osborne make a speech at the Bristol and Bath Science Park .
LaTasha Gosling, 27,  and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, (above) were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy . O’Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life. Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed . Gosling's cousin Tim Funk said O'Shaughnessy sent the photos in a text message to the children's father, Jason Gosling, the day before his birthday.
Jacksonville, Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September and they have been returning every month since. Each time the family visits, Giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina. Scroll down for video .
Many dead. Afterward, the camp's dining tent was transformed into a makeshift hospital headed by the camp manager, who happens to be a doctor. The company reported Saturday that American Dan Fredinburg died in the Everest base camp avalanche, while two others suffered non-life-threatening injuries. At least 13 Nepalese locals and Sherpas were killed in that incident, which at the time was the deadliest incident ever around Everest. After last year's avalanches, the mountain was shut down. For many mountaineers, the draw of Everest has long been hard to resist.
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GroPro cameras . The spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of 2017's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft . The video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles .
It is the biggest culinary question which divides the Westcountry: when eating a scone, do you add jam or cream first? His prediction was correct, as he added: 'In Devon it's... jam first and cream on top?'
A source told the website: 'She eventually locked herself in a bathroom and was refusing to come out and causing a scene. The reality star was issued a citation for trespass, resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and drunk in public and was later released on $20,000 bail at around 10:30am in the morning. Kim's RHOBH cast mates expressed their reaction to their friend's arrest on their Twitter pages.
Shocking: Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges she wheeled her quadriplegic son into woods in Philadelphia then went to visit her boyfriend . Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible.
Hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels . Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges . However, minibar glasses are often cleaned less thoroughly, usually soaked in shampoo or furniture polish .
Negri joined the Ibrox outfit from Italian side Perugia for £3.5million in 1997, scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club. In his  autobiography, Negri (left) reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs Aberdeen in 2000 . After months of hospital scans in Scotland, Negri (right) was told in Italy that his blood was absolutely fine .
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event. A pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption .
The New Zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote Christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community, a relative said, with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances. 'They are adapting very well. Gloriavale residents do not hold celebrations for birthday parties or Christmas . Birth control is non-existent. Residents are required to wear a uniform.
Saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over a move to the Emirates . Southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer, including Morgan Schneiderlin . The tough-tackling midfielder has also been linked with a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham and Wanyama has apparently not ruled out a move to the opposite end of north London.
One of the Hillsborough samaritans sought by investigators has come forward after an appeal was launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans. Anyone with information about those pictured is urged to contact Operation Resolve officers .
(CNN)NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel, ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos. NASA earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet (16 meters) in diameter.
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005, according to the People's Daily Online. Last year, models in north east China were made to parade in bikinis despite it being -16 degrees Celsius.
Wasps coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap so English clubs can compete on the European stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to Toulon on Sunday .
Spectators have flocked to see Texas local boy Jordan Spieth in action at the Shell Houston Open . Spieth's fellow American Phil Mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the Masters .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system. Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover .
Arrest: Rachel Lehnardt, 35, allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter . When the teenagers arrived, she allegedly allowed them to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her home, before she played naked Twister with them in the living room. Party: The mother-of-five allegedly played naked Twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom. She later had sex with her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend . She later went to bed alone and around 3.30am, she awoke to find someone having sex with her, she told her sponsor.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas, but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Liverpool's Derry Mathews (left) will go head-to-head with Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title . Derry was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril but will instead face Barroso on the April 18 date .
But this action, which would raise starting wages at 1,500 McDonald's-owned restaurants to at least $1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law, falls short in three important ways . First, it leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers. It's not enough for clothing or health care. McDonald's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union.
Police and crime commissioners (PCCs) would be axed to help fund the £800 million plan to guarantee neighbourhood policing across England and Wales. Lord Stevens of Kirkwhelpington headed an independent commission on policing by the Labour party. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said it will investigate claims that the former Met chief failed to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry regarding the black teenager’s race hate killing.
Former Royal Navy rescue pilot Jerry Grayson, who was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Rescue in 1979 (pictured), has tracked down every aircraft he flew in during the 1970s . During his mission, Mr Grayson found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces. But he discovered that one chopper, a Wessex Mark 1, has been kitted out as a so-called 'glamping' unit, accommodation for campers who want something more luxurious than a traditional tent.
Everton may be languishing in the bottom half of the Premier League table but that didn't stop nearly 4,000 staunch supporters turning out to watch an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday as they prepare to face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium in Saturday's lunchtime kick-off. Lennon and Kevin Mirallas (left) share a laugh as manager Roberto Martinez watches his players train .
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment, particularly if their time in uniform is brief. A total of 31,962 deaths occurred, including 5,041 suicides, by December 31, 2009. There were 1,162 suicides among those who deployed and 3,879 among those who didn't, representing suicide rates per 100,000 person-years of 18.86 and 17.78, respectively. Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere (shown in diagram). And he said the research was important because they used a 'dinky four-metre telescope from the ground to do measurements of the quality as the Hubble Space Telescope.'
The horrific incident happened after Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005. But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds. She thought it would be the perfect place to raise her family but now wants to move following the devastating loss of their two family pets . I don't want to live here anymore.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday, as the judge called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town.' But only two agreed to deals. Despite their lawyers' pleas for probation and community service, the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail.
Hudea and her family left the camp two weeks ago; it is thought they headed for Idlib - now in the control of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra. Sharia law: Al-Nusra have promised to bring in Sharia law in the city, and have already started burning things considered banned under Islam - like these cigarettes .
The 27-year-old actress, who welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January, has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles (and her new figure).
See: jaguars, pumas, leopards, cheetahs, snow leopards, tigers, Asiatic leopards, Asiatic lions, Bengal tigers and Siberian tigers. Destinations visited: Antarctica, Galapagos Islands, Iceland, Sri Lanka, Arctic Canada, South Africa, Svalbard . The 39 day trip takes in Tanzania, Rwanda, Republic of Congo, Madagascar, Borneo and Sumatra . A bald eagle hunts for fish in Alaska. From scowling jaguars to splashing polar bears, the ultimate safari is every wildlife lover's dream holiday, yours for £176,000 . Stay in eco lodges in Chile, aboard ships such as the MS Malmo and the luxury tents at Greystoke Mahale, in Tanzania .
Scroll down for video . The 38-year-old actor says that he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career (pictured here in the upcoming second series of True Detective) and being a good father to his two sons James and Henry . Britney Spears accompanied Colin Farrell to the premiere of film The Recruit during the height of his party-hard lifestyle.
London (CNN)Police said Thursday that there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes in the heart of London's jewelry district. Although there was no sign of forced entry to the building, the detective said, "whether that involves inside knowledge will form part of the investigation."
If you needed more proof that Zac Efron has officially left the weedy teenager of High School Musical behind to become a bona-fide buff babe, you've got it. This got FEMAIL thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't... Haven't you grown: We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday. - and Justin Timberlake.
Father Hamish Baillie (pictured) claims Lord Janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983 . Hamish Baillie, 47, said he was unable to trust adults after being molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park, when he was a 15-year-old resident of a children’s home. But he added that the failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time – three inquiries were curtailed by police or the Crown Prosecution Service – was a ‘complete travesty’.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station, and started ranting at staff. She denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman.
The 19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of British troops. The training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of nursing student Karen Buckley was found this week . Her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of the city. A spokesman for Scotland's Crown Office said: 'Alexander Pacteau, 21, from Glasgow, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today charged with the murder of Karen Buckley, and with attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
The 19-year-old midfielder, who inspired Tim Sherwood's team to their FA Cup semi-final triumph over Liverpool on Sunday, has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide — more commonly known as laughing gas.
Hebshi, who has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father, has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion. 'People do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane,' said ACLU attorney Rachel Goodman.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub, which is unable to survive on its own, since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago. The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet. Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home .
Lindegaard tied the knot with the Swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius. With David de Gea in exceptional form under Louis van Gaal and Victor Valdes signing for the Red Devils in January, Lindegaard is now third-choice at Old Trafford.
(CNN)Novak Djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism . Monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road . Photographer Wanson Luk journeyed to the secluded location from Chengdu on a 20-hour bumpy coach ride.
They are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the Mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others. Relief: A girl waves after being rescued from the Mediterranean with 445 migrants on their way to Europe . They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
Jessica Mauboy, model Maddison Brow, and GQ editor Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
The terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province. The latest advance marks a major gain for Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, as the Yemeni affiliate is known.
(CNN)It's clear from Hillary Clinton's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted Sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. But in reality, she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy. As I've previously written, the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme: the "war on women."
Nursing student Anthony Clark Reed (left and right) was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night when he was pulled over. He told The Huffington Post that he suffered an asthma attack, and the police were indirectly responsible for his death. He is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death .
The influential 33-year-old midfielder Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season limiting him to just 11 appearances. He returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea City earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley last weekend.
Guardiola is the man Begiristain would like to install at City in the summer of 2016. Manchester City are keen for Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016 . Guardiola cut a frustrated figure as he watched his  side lose 3-1 at Porto in the Champions League last week .
But there are limits to how far it can see. Scientists hope the telescope will be able to tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago -- about 700-800 million years after the Big Bang. But closer to home, scientists also believe the new telescope will able to detect planets around nearby stars.
Chelsea's Kurt Zouma tussles with Marouane Fellaini during his side's 1-0 win against Manchester United . 'The game was very difficult. 'Against Man United he played to stop Fellaini from playing in the box. Jose Mourinho believes that Zouma could play for Chelsea for at least the next 10 years .
Spotted: Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva . Shoppers in Geneva have reported seeing Pippa buying the nappies in a shop there. Most of their appeal comes from the fact that they are made from natural fibres – meaning, unlike conventional nappies, they don’t end up in landfill heaps.
Make-up artist Maria Malone-Guerbaa (left) just used paints to transform herself into a bunny . The sides of her face and forehead was then painted with black paint, to form the bunny's entire head.
The floating bath sponge: This image shows one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km). Its odd, almost 'bubbly' appearance, can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size, according to Nasa. Scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space.
The Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather in a $300million mega-fight that has been branded 'the biggest bout in boxing history' at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Floyd Maywether's sparring partner Jeremy Nichols gives a mock interview as Manny Pacquiao . 'J Flash' makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo .
Villagers in Ansai, Shaanxi Province, in central China, dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water, but when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . Locals said they could smell  petrol when the water surfaced, and blame the pollution on a leak from a local gas petrol station, a claim which the owner denies .
Felix the cat was missing for more than two weeks after he escaped from his crate, which was damaged in transit. Found! Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists' to find the cat .
Floyd Mayweather (right) gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his Shots account on Wednesday . The unification bout against WBO champion Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas is expected to total $300million. Mayweather...
According to police, the accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light. The driver, whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones, ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again, police said. Although he is widely considered the world's best pound-for-pound mixed martial artist, Jones has endured legal problems and questionable behaviour as champion.
Miracle Godson, from Marsh Green in Wigan, was reported missing on Friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near the town and failed to surface. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day. Bosses at Wigan St Judes Rugby League Club, where Miracle played for the junior side, said he had great future potential and scouts were monitoring his progress.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT. Now that has come to fruition and, come the summer, they will take over from ousted backers RBS. The Scotland Women’s team will also wear the national jersey with the BT logo on it as will all age-grade sides.
As 14million working households – more than nine in ten – are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes, the Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money – because they ‘know best’ how it should be spent. And he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot Government schemes’. Treasury analysis shows the changes will benefit 14million working households to the tune of £17 a month.
The couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' The big moment: Jeremy Kyle Show guest Jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend Dawn .
Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. The study, that saw more than 5,500 men and women quizzed, came in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the US.
Manny Pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the MGM Grand Garden Arena with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The PacMan's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m), reports the Manila Bulletin. Mayweather's latest insight into his camp comes in the form of a video about the gloves he trains with .
Sean Dyche is insistent that his Burnley players won't ever dive or cheat to prosper under him . I believe the team play in the correct manner. Dyche was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and that his team was too naive .
He was taken to hospital shortly before 5pm yesterday, but died this afternoon. Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event. She tweeted: 'Totally devastated to hear about the death of Gordon Jack. British tennis number one Andy Murray and Kim Sears married today and were greeted by joyous crowds .
Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. The lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in December 2013 but was put on hold during the criminal trial. Hernandez suspected .
Kathleen Bailey, 70, a church elder and avid charity fundraiser, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. Bailey later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer and had no children. But the grandmother, from Ramsbottom, Greater Manchester, helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. She was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft at Bolton Crown Court.
Speaking: Chelsea Manning, 27, the soldier convicted of leaking a trove of secret documents and sentenced to 35 year prison, has given her first in-depth interview since announcing plans to transition into a woman . Manning, a former army private who enlisted as Bradley, has had her name officially changed to Chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison . Manning said not being able to grow her hair is 'painful and awkward', because she is forced to reject one of the biggest physical transformations her body will go through now she is taking hormones. Prison: Manning is serving out a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth for violating the Espionage Act .
Jose Mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip for a pre-season tour in Japan . The news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on Chelsea players for their mid-June friendlies and qualifiers.
When TV star Karren Brady agreed to help David Cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the Prime Minister. Helping hand: Baroness Brady steps forward to help David Cameron with his jacket at an event today to promote new apprenticeships .
The framework agreement starts lifting those indispensable sanctions much too soon.
A man appeared in court today charged with the murder of Syrian preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani, who was found dead in his car in Wembley last week. The Crown Prosecution Service announced today that 36-year-old Leslie Cooper would be charged over the suspected murder of Mr Arwani, 48, who was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country. Meanwhile, Scotland Yard said tonight that a second man, aged 61, had been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Mr Arwani.
The real version carried France's Marquis de Lafayette to help American colonists in their war of independence . The French helped the Red Coats during the War of Independence . Hollande took a short trip on the boat before it left on it's voyage across the Atlantic .
The five-time world champion beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at The Crucible . O'Sullivan led 7-2 overnight and returned on Wednesday morning to win the final three frames he needed . The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon .
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces (stock image shown). But how we tell how far away it is had remained a mystery. As the source moved further away, therefore, the neurons fired less and less. 'But it is necessary and beneficial in order to recognise distance.'
His mother, Laney Griner from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications. 'Six years on dialysis is getting to be a long time,' she said. It is also not yet clear where the kidney will come from and so the family is also using the GoFundMe page to ask strangers to see if they could be a match. Mrs Griner had snapped the photo of Sammy on the beach when he was 11 months old.
Vonda Thedford, 55, told Fox News that she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'. Bizarre discovery: Thedford says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter . Explanation: Wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told Fox News they appear to be from a young dog .
The Havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 village inhabitants . Being eight miles from the nearest road, the village is accessible only via a hike through rugged terrain or by helicopter or mule . However the additional time enables tourists to full experience the beauty of the Havasu Falls.
Fish and chips has become a  British institution, as well as a national money-spinner, but it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian . Did you know that the tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York tea merchant? Saint George himself is thought to have been born in Syria during the late third century between about 275 AD and 285 AD .
However sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story, and the truth can paint a whole other picture. It is undeniable that the Taj Mahal in Agra, India, is one of the most beautiful mausoleums in the world.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes.
She was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke, 45, at a rehabilitation unit at Sevenoaks Hospital in Kent. Grant Clarke, 45, suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012. Concerned that Mr Clarke was being mistreated, his partner Binny Moore and family planted a secret camera in his room.
As a result, for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series. The move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions.
Derby boss McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle at the end of the season . Derby have been impressed with Dyche's work in the Premier League with Burnley this season .
Szczesny has found himself demoted to the substitutes' bench in recent months due to a combination of poor performances and the form of David Ospina since the new year. Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the £3.2 million signing of Colombian Ospina from Nice last summer, as eight consecutive wins have lifted his side to second in the Premier League.
School prefect Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome. Her parents said  she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was 'very much in denial' about her condition and  felt unable to discuss  it with anybody. 'Although she had a lot of friends she also wanted to have a close best friend and she did not have that. She was described as an artistic and creative pupil  and had already won a place at Manchester College of Art to study A levels .
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage. With her long blonde hair and trim figure, the South African – who works for Cambridge University Press and lives in Sussex with husband Nigel, 58 – bears a strong resemblance to her daughter.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Without doubt this is a reference to the 'Operation Anti-ISIS' campaign launched by the online 'hacktavist' collective Anonymous, who encouraged members to find and expose thousands of accounts connected with ISIS and report them to Twitter authorities en masse.
But the defeat means Bayern Munich have been crowned Bundesliga champions for the 25th time . Pep Guardiola's treble-chasing side are also in the semi-finals of the German Cup and Champions League .
The 56-year-old, who describes herself as a 'closet comedian', has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday. She told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of Andy Warhol paintings . 'I crack myself up,' she said at one point.
MailOnline has learned the app will launch with content from Jim Henson TV, DreamWorks, National Geographic, and a handful of popular YouTubers and new series, such as Thomas the Tank Engine.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler for the spread, which is aptly titled Beauty Queens: Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season.
The Old Bailey was told that Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, persuading him to buy parts for a bomb . Islam, who is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism, used  'cake' as code for bomb in his messages, but failing to understand his ingenious ruse, Thomas replied: 'Cake? Islam then began bullying and grooming Mr Thomas . The trial continues.
The Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013. Babies born on the same day as George were entitled to receive one of 2,013 free lucky silver pennies.
Van Ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade and is due to be sentenced at a later date. Louise Van Ryn (left) fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed. Her husband Maurice (right) has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted. she said. 'I didn't know it was against the law.'
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating. But the pair weren't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby. The losing fox was not predicted to survive the night, having got no mercy from his opponent .
They expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the Conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month – which they believe have done little to discredit Ed Miliband. As bookies named Ed Miliband the favourite to be the next prime minister, one business leader said: 'Every time Miliband is visible, he appears credible' 'Every time Miliband is visible, he appears credible,' said one. Lynton Crosby, Cameron's Australian election guru, has now told the Conservatives to focus on that.
Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir, which the scientists featured in a study published on Thursday in the journal Science. It may help scientists better understand why Yellowstone's previous eruptions, in prehistoric times, were some of Earth's largest explosions in the last few million years.
Terence Crawford (right) defeated Thomas Dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out . The fighter celebrates after winning the vacant WBO world junior welterweight title . Dulorme, the 27-year-old Puerto Rican, is 22-2.
The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. Sweating it out: Last year, Shelly Nicholas in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation.
As a 19-year-old telephone operator, Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943. Rockwell lived in neighboring West Arlington at the time.
"You inspire me every day to be a better person. "I want to be with my family more and focus on special projects," she said.
Her participation is part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. The #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week, which translates to $1.38 per meal, according to the site.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on Wednesday night, seriously injuring a male passenger. The passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre .
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman discovered in the Caucasus mountains  between Georgia and Russia as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' - and covered in thick auburn hair. The man who organised various eyewitness accounts of Zana wrote: 'Her athletic power was enormous. She would outrun a horse and swim across the Moskva river even when it rose in violent high tide.'
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen – who has a personal accountant – to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
An aerial view over the historic hotel shows massive plumes of smoke billowing over Oxford city centre . The fire is not believed to be suspicious and is believed to have started in the ground floor kitchen .
He signed for Arsenal in January 2011 from Fluminese for a fee of £3.5million but has not been able to play for the club without a work permit. Spanish nationality!!'
Chris Smalling posted this photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on his newly opened Twitter . Smalling, who missed the win over Aston Villa, could return for United as they look to cement their place in the Champions League.
It is little wonder they have billed this one ‘The Desperation Derby’. Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of this season . Advocaat was all smiles as he attempts to steer Sunderland clear of Premier League relegation .
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd as they were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours.
A group of disabled Manchester City supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975. They claim the Premier League champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan following a 6,000-seat extension which will see capacity rise to around 55,000.
Boxing fans hoping to attend the weigh-in for the welterweight showdown between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 must buy advance tickets. Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm with all funds raised going to the charities chosen by Mayweather and Pacquiao - Susan G. Komen and the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health.
The barbaric footage, released earlier today, shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria, as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them. It comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain when she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on April 3. A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get Miss Amos-Larkin, who is also captain of the Angels cheerleading squad at Surrey University, home.
A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . Mr Byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was, but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment. Knowing that this was not enough, Mr Byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
Pietersen was taken off as a precaution at The Parks after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during Oxford's second innings. Pietersen was fielding at leg slip off the bowling of Gareth Batty. Oxford batsman Steve Leach swept the ball, it fired up off a top edge and struck Pietersen.
Scientists studying the latest genetic, fossil and archaeological evidence claim that Neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today. They speculate that pathogens like Heliocbacter pylori, the bacteria that causes stomach ulcers, were brought to Europe by modern humans from Africa and may have infected Neanderthals, who would have been unable to fight off these new diseases. 'When Homo sapiens came out of Africa they brought diseases with them.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. He said he missed out on a lot of their childhoods . The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage. The former Penrith player said his turning point happened when his wife, Meagan, was pregnant with their first child.
The Everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers last month but Martinez was hopeful that Gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign. We need to make sure he is 100 per cent. If he is fully fit for pre-season, that would be fantastic.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season, who would only be on 20 points . When Pardew quit for Crystal Palace at the end of December, Newcastle were ninth. Since his departure the players have look uninterested and unhappy playing for the club and John Carver . But in his absence the club has begun to unravel.
"Nothing can be gained and much will be lost if these two young Australians are executed. Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths.
Karen Sharpe (above) the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview . Sharpe (above) said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident - and doesn't plan to . Sharpe also expressed sympathy for Walter Scott's (above) family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' 'I just can't,' Sharpe told ABC News. Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing last Saturday.
Sam Smith is looking better than ever after losing three stone over the last year, he regularly posts pictures of himself to his Instagram account . He continued: 'Amelia Freer has helped me lose over a stone in two weeks and has completely transformed my relationship with food.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together (left), and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia (right). But, as reported by Peter Spinks from the Sydney Morning Herald, Curtin University geologist Dr Zheng-Xiang Li travelled to Nepal to study the collision of the Indian and Eurasian plates.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger. PSV coach Phillip Cocu was unaware of the meeting when asked on Friday.
The 21-year-old held a a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action and never looked back as he became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters. Having finished joint-second, along with Jonas Blixt, to Bubba Watson at last year's tournament, Spieth stormed to a final round of 70 to cap off an incredible few days on the Georgia course. Spieth reacts after sinking his final putt win the 2015 Masters .
Parents in custody: Ashley Jennifer White (left), 30, and her partner Paul Thomas (right), 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, Noah, last month . Tragic: Noah Thomas, five, was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at home in Dublin, Virginia. After an intense-five days search, the child's body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas' property. The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy charged Mitchelle Angela Blair on Wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her then 9-year-old son, Stephen Gage Berry.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots. The Old Northwest had always been free soil, as provided for by a Northwest Ordinance that predated the U.S. Constitution.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has warned that the US will not 'stand by' while Iran supports rebels in Yemen . A Saudi-led coalition is continuing to pound anti-government forces in Yemen . In another sign of growing US support for the Saudi effort, the Pentagon said it had started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition.
A poll of Scotlans shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25 per cent backing Labour . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, pictured in Sterling today, has offered to prop up a Labour government, even if the Tories win more seats on May 7 .
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. But despite frantic work from his McLaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in Sakhir, Button was forced to watch from the sidelines.
Wawrinka, the Monte Carlo Masters defending champion, appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat . The world No 9 looked listless and disinterested, rolling in 95mph first serves and ballooning groundstrokes long. Wawrinka wasn't at his finest as he failed to get on the board in the match until the fifth game .
The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward. They were never married but share custody of their child. In a parenting agreement filed in court, the two agreed to the boy's circumcision.
City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference, which equates to five, yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable. The long-term plan is plain: Pep Guardiola, at his convenience, probably in 2016. Yet where will City be by then? Martin Demichelis? And what if City are caught and condemned to the Europa League?
'First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris,' he said as he became emotional. The reserve deputy appeared on the Today show on Friday . He shot me! Bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his Taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket. I'm losing my breath' The interview follows reports that Bates, a millionaire insurance broker, had been allowed to 'play cop' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called 'unbelievably unfair'. Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office as an 'advanced reserve'.
The elderly husband who has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago - one of them being his wife - has described the accusations as 'bizarre'. Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps, the Herald Sun reported.
But this is not one of these features and it is believed to have instead been added using Google's Map Maker. A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly' However, the image disappears when the map is switch to satellite view.
Powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even. Councillors shadowed wardens three times in the towns of Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells and found there were plenty of infringements, but many were going unticketed.
Attorney Andrew Spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony. Because of this, the wedding was not consummated and the pair have never lived together. The ruling says Blood-Dzraku has only been in touch with his wife via phone and Facebook.
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury. Lucas's spoiling in midfield helped Liverpool go on an impressive run before Christmas . 'I was available for the Manchester United game, but probably wasn't able to play the whole game.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix in June, organisers have announced. Farah and Greg Rutherford are set to compete at the Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium .
City are also keen admirers of Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne, who used to play for rivals Chelsea . With City's Premier League title defence tailing off limply this season, the club are keen to revamp their squad yet again when the summer transfer window opens in June.
Now he finds himself competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13. Lyth set about 2014 with renewed focus.
Winston Reid signed six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham last month . However, Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at West Ham, who are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/2017.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News. Tyus Byrd, who is black, was recently elected mayor. Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members . Mayor: Tyus Byrd, pictured, has said she doesn't know what the 'safety issues' were and that she 'never said anything about cleaning house' Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd was elected to serve as Parma's mayor .
John Terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to Chelsea with a close-range finish that Schmeichel could not stop . Drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past Leicester goalkeeper Schmeichel . Drogba is mobbed by his jubilant Chelsea team-mates after make it 1-1 just minutes into the second half . CHELSEA . Crystal Palace (home) - May 3 . He energised Chelsea with the equaliser - just as he once did in Munich in the Champions League final. Marc Albrighton calmly side-foots Leicester in to the lead after a slip from Cesar Azpilicueta, who tries to make an amends with a block .
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday, a Kenya Defence Forces source said today. Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll. News of the bombings came after it was claimed Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at Garissa University.
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet . Ruby Walsh and horse clear a car, claimed to be travelling at 40mph,  as part of the Grand National countdown . The split between FA chairman Greg Dyke and vice-chairman David Gill over homegrown players became very apparent during Wednesday's FA council meeting.
He is, of course, the Iranian foreign minister. In fact, he has now spent more time with Kerry than any other foreign minister in the world.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, reportedly without stopping for a snack . Gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believe Varvara didn't eat during the long journey either.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . In a letter sent to Coleman, the TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'. Solange Knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at Miami airport, dubbing it 'Discrim-FRO-nation' because she wears her hair in the Afro style .
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple, with the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23. The pair grew up together as boys, playing football and Playstation for endless hours . Soon after they parted ways Fay, who was born Kevin, started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones. They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding.
Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat on Sunday . Argentina international Aguero has scored six times against United since he joined City in 2011 . Falcao (right) says he is happy at United despite playing a bit-part role for much of the season .
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning, according to Dallas ISD Police Chief Craig Miller. The Dallas ISD police then got an arrest warrant. Miller said Lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case, according to NBCDFW.
David Rylance has been jailed for stealing more than £50,000 from his dying mother, who was suffering from Alzheimer's . When pensioner Margaret Rylance realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account, her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease. Rylance, also of South Shields, admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours . Jenny stayed at the Villa Bianchi, a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice .
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas  sale on Twitter. The players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday, with Arsenal forward Walcott tweeting: 'For 25 hours you can get 25% discount on Adidas.co.uk if you use 'friendsoftheo'.' British celebrities have been advised to include the word 'ad' or 'spon' to show if something is an advert or sponsored.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week. McEnroe had been living with his girlfriend in a mobile home in the backyard at the time . I was trying to protect Michele.
Anti-immigrant honoured: The leader of right-wing National Front, Marine Le Pen, 46, said being one of the Time 100, shows that her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic . Since taking over from her father in 2011, Le Pen has pushed to rid the party of its extreme right-wing past and recast it as a voter-friendly option for people frustrated with France's direction and traditional parties.
Eight judges of the European Court of Human Rights found that Russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live there more than 20 years ago and has a Russian wife and son.
Manchester City are preparing bids for English trio Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez as part of a summer Anglification of their squad. The club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of Frank Lampard and uncertainty over James Milner's future exacerbating the problem.
They spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world’s one per cent or impress their celebrity guests. One superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals . Special delivery – from France to the Maldives . Party on a desert island .
A homeless couple forced to live in their car after pay-day loan debts spiralled out of control are getting their lives back on track - thanks to a caring businessman. Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months, after a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener. Philip was given a lifeline by local businessman Jasen Jackiw (right) a Manchester business owner who heard about the story on a TV programme . And the ex-gardener is enjoying his new job managing the stock for Prymo.
Mindless: A thug is caught on camera kicking the wing mirror off  a vehicle at La Marina Auto Sales in Dearborn Heights, Michigan . Around 30 vehicles were said to have been damaged, with the repair bill totalling up to $20,000, according to Press and Guide.
Officials fear the militiamen might take "scorched earth" reprisals for the reported massacre of Shiite air force cadets by ISIS fighters in Tikrit last year. Al-Abadi, who is also Iraq's top military commander, had announced the previous evening on Iraqiya TV that the city was under the control of Iraqi forces. The key to victory in Tikrit this time, the Prime Minister said, was surprise.
I miss my curls. The 35-year-old daughter of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, also talked about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in the new interview, as well as her role as a mother to her baby daughter Charlotte. Despite her glamorous look in this month's Elle fashion spread, Chelsea confessed that fashion is not her forte. Making a return to the White House? Chelsea's mother and former First Lady officially announced her 2016 presidential campaign on Sunday .
Martinez (right) scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . It was his 23rd goal in 31 games this season.
The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack. The great grey owl is a deadly predator, its hunting skills aided by its superior sense of hearing.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man  were removed from the plane just before it left Bristol for Faro around 7pm yesterday (Thursday). 'Alcohol-related anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.' Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays to the Ryanair flight .
Kevin Pietersen trudges off the pitch after being dismissed for 19 on his Championship return . Pietersen edges behind off the bowling of Craig Meschede having already survived a scare . Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara, making his Surrey debut, outshone Pietersen, scoring a century as the visitors piled on the runs on the first day.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old judo club. Smalling was a gifted martial artist and was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group .
TOWIE's Jessica Wright is the first celebrity to star in an Ann Summers campaign .
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties. The infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering 'several injuries', police said.
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour over the last 45 years, according to figures published today. Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories compared with just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9 per cent under the current Coalition.
Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie. Hamilton crosses the line in Bahrain ahead of Kimi Raikkonen to claim his third win from four races this term . The 30-year-old Briton celebrates his second straight win in Bahrain to extend his lead in the championship .
And now Sherrell Dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition. Sherrell shows off her long limbs as she poses on the wall  outside of her house .
The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager. As a player, McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and, of course, he was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. As both player and manager, he enjoyed a 27-year association with Celtic Football Club.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. Aqsa Mahmoud, a 20-year-old woman from Glasgow who fled to Syria in 2013, is reportedly the leader of an al Khansaa group known as 'Om Amara'.
Reserve Deputy Bates was a victim, a true victim of slip and capture," he said. He shot him!" Harris later died at a local hospital. Taser!"
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make 'very difficult decisions', but the Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night. The DPP justified her decision not to prosecute by saying experts agreed Lord Janner, 86, was in poor health due to advanced Alzheimer's disease.
Feminist icon: Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' Charity work: The Duchess is famous for philanthropy but not, until now, feminism . 'I don’t think she’s become the fashion plate that Diana was, and I think she’s probably doing that advisably, wouldn’t you say?’ Miss Atwood isn't the only writer to criticise the Duchess, who is due to give birth to her second child later this month, in public.
Substitute Dimitar Berbatov responds as Monaco are held to a goalless draw with Montpellier at Stade Louis II . Montpellier forward Lucas Barrios reacts after missing a penalty to put the visitors in the lead . Montpellier had a penalty claim turned down early in the second half.
The New York Post reports that Jerry Hugel, 83, his wife Marianne Hugel, 80, died along with 70-year-old neighbor Gloria Greco, and friend Walter Vondthadden, 76, in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning, possibly caused by a car left running in a garage. It appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long, investigators said. 'They were married for 60 years.'
Rappers Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody. Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles,  officials said. They reportedly face charges of drug possession; possession of firearms in a school safety zone; and possession of firearms during the commission of a crime.
A study by We the People found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed, primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. We cannot accept harassment as part of our daily routine.
The 34-year-old reality star explained that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags, because she is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older. ‘Everything.
But the Dens Park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. The 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am. Paul McGowan avoided a prison sentence after a third assault on a policeman .
Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in Colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform told Reuters today. The White House declined today to praise her . Leonhart has also been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct.
Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness, but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities (file image) In China, where four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light.
A cross-dressing Japanese  television star's robotic clone has made its 'unnervingly real' on-screen debut - the first android to host its own show. Japanese engineers, who are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids, have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight. The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night.
Reports have linked Gomes with a move to Premier League duo Manchester United and Chelsea . The 21-year-old midfielder insists he is happy to stay with Valencia and ply his trade in La Liga .
The pair, who have not been named, admitted Audrie Pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their 'criminal acts' as they reached a civil settlement with her family. Their attorney, Bob Allard, said the parents decided to settle with one of the teens because he showed remorse and 'told the truth' about what happened to Audrie. As part of the settlement, they were also made to release a lengthy apology and will have to give presentations about 'sexting', sharing nude photos, 'slut-shaming' and the dangers of alcohol. They also apologized for false rumors that 'served to shame and humiliate her'. During a hearing on Friday, the boys stood up and apologized to the courtroom, including Audrie's parents, to mark the signing of the agreement.
He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. The court heard Hendy, who played for Blackburn Rover and Manchester City, was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk after a row with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder . He was ordered to pay £200 court costs and £20 victims' surcharge. In 2010, Hendry was made bankrupt owing £2.2m to friends, family and the taxman.
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. Everest basecamp: At least 18 people have died and many have been injured in the avalanche .
But failure to pay child support is not a crime. It's rightly a civil matter. Not because he's a criminal.
Campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS, and worsen the quality of life in Britain as a whole. While the white British population will increase between now and 2051, the minority population will increase nearly three times as fast, meaning they will make up a greater share of the population .
Chairs in the air: An enormous fight broke out at a bar opening at Resorts World casino in Queens, New York . According to the New York Post, three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl, which injured four security guards and a police officer.
She hadn't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer. But one day recently, Sara Martin, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, uttered a single word: 'Florida'. Now, the mother-of-three's devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday. They leave for Sarasota, south-west Florida, today. Family: Mrs Martin was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. Mrs Martin has not spoken again since. Couple: Mrs Martin, pictured with her husband in 2013, has been told by doctors she doesn't have long to live .
One child is dead after a car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday. Divers found two children inside the car. The adults were described as being in fair condition but 'clearly emotionally distraught,' Humphrey said. Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
In a new Channel 4 documentary, How To Be A Young Billionaire, Robyn admits: 'I want to raise a million dollars.' Pictured: Robyn Exton who is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app .
World record holder Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon on Sunday . But Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt, who has worked with Ronaldo, has made sure Radcliffe will race . Maybe because it was harder on the treadmill my achilles started to get really sore.’ Sunday's London Marathon will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career .
Relieved owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch. Rescue: It took 18 firefighters to free white Havana cob Cody. She said: 'No one could believe he was a white horse.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s, as well as younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end-of-life care, but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley for Sunderland to secure a vital win . The victory over Newcastle moved Sunderland three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone . 'It's a great boost for everybody.
The mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May. In the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably . Last September doctors diagnosed the rare brain disorder. Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter.
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered Feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka - a popular spot among photographers.
Three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip. At a safe distance: The group cheer in excitment as Steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water . The video maker captures a killer whale swimming underneath the aluminium boat in Washington .
Michelle Schwab, who has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare, has been charged with child endangerment after  she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell. She is an assistant director at KinderCare . The animals appeared to ignore the boy, witnesses say (file image of one of the zoo's cheetahs) The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit (pictured) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
Crown prosecutor Vicki Loury alleged the toddler also suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina three days before her death. Kyhesha-Lee Joughin  was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room . They have both been released on bail . Both he and Williamson are due to face a committal hearing next month.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Trooper Abraham Martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week as the Austin American Statesman investigated outdated tactics used in Department of Public Safety pursuits. The incident unfolded in December 2012 after Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license. Contact: Martinez was ultimately suspended for three days without pay for the unconventional tactic .
The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished. Katherine Hadsell says police aren't doing enough to find 18-year-old AJ, who's been missing for a month. Further, she says her son - AJ's stepfather Wesley Hadsell - was arrested unjustly as he took it upon himself to investigate the crime by breaking into a Norfolk area home . Hadsell had not been named a suspect as he awaited a hearing on six charges including four charges of obstructing justice, one charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and one charge of breaking and entering.
Middlesbrough striker Patrick Bamford, on loan from Chelsea, scores the opening goal via a deflection . There are six games to go and we need all of the players. Malky Mackay's side remain adrift in the relegation zone after a third defeat in their last five games .
Transition: Roxy (left) struggled with depression  after secretly wanting to live life as a woman. But, in October 2013, Roxy finally revealed the truth to 44-year-old Jo, her wife of 20 years. Jo and Roxy are still together, now in a lesbian relationship. 'I love my second mummy so much. I never want my daddy back', he said.
Emilia Clarke, left, who plays Daenerys Targaryen believes Game of Thrones has great female characters . Despite the massive death count, Kit Harington, pictured, who plays Jon Snow has survived into series five .
Hopeless: Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help . Heartbreaking: The middle-aged couple died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom . Jodi Speidel, 46, and her 45-year-old husband, Randy, were pronounced dead at the scene.
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman – deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing, which took place between May 2011 and July 2013. Labour's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery .
Blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan (right) is ineligible to play in their FA Cup fifth round replay vs Liverpool . Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use O'Sullivan, who's been recalled from Barnsley . Because of the embargo (for breaching FPP rules) we are only allowed a squad of 24 players and have played 13 games in 43 days.
The crash occurred about 8am Wednesday in Lewiston, at a drop called Bryden Canyon. The man, a passer-by, grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car. Driver: Mathew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, is recovering in hospital from minor injuries following the crash.
Tragic: Seven-week-old Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot and a 'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex Coroner's Court heard . The cot – which is designed to be placed next to a parent’s bed – has a moveable panel on one side which can be folded down, leaving a ridge just 7cm high.
Squatting on the private land, the group, who are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011, have left locals outraged. One camp leader, Vinny, who would not give his surname, said: ‘This is about using the land to grow our own vegetables. Why can’t we have a few acres each?’ Last Thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
Incredible footage has  captured the moment a huge stingray nibbles on a freediver’s head, gliding back and forth over the man’s body gently on the ocean floor. Johnny Debnam did not have any breathing equipment on when he let all his air out and calmly lay still on the ocean floor . ‘Those things are huge.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. But when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the anonymous British collector who bought it . Richard Charlesworth, Bentley's director of royal and VIP relations, described the 1954 Bentley as 'one of the rarest and most iconic cars of its time' as only 218 were made.
Clare Goldwin (pictured) admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' Who wants to be labelled a Boden ‘yummy mummy’ at 50 paces, and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run? Now, however, Boden seems to have finally cracked it, and the fashion world is raving about their latest collections.
A bungling drug dealer was caught selling heroin by an undercover police officer who recognised him because he has his initials tattooed on his face. Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug, which was hidden in a Kinder Egg, to the policeman in November 2013, a court was told. Revins, at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday, admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
Dutch international Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . Depay worked under Man United boss Louis van Gaal during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign .
Ronald Koeman says his Southampton players must remain focused on European qualification . Koeman spoke to Victor Wanyama and his other players to refocus them on the last five league games . 'Everybody likes to play Champions League football - that's normal. I'm not surprised about that.'
Greg Dyke (right) and the £16,000 Parmigiani watch that he was given as a gift at the World Cup last summer . But, with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch, FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and has now closed proceedings on the matter.
Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed. The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted, attorney Liang Xiaojun said.
Al Horford scored 20 points as the Atlanta Hawks crushed the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday night . Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury in the first half . The Western Conference leading Golden State Warriors beat the Dallas Mavericks in Texas . Marcus Smart celebrates his winning basket as the Boston Celtics beat the Toronto Raptors in overtime .
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Parents now find it increasingly difficult to monitor their children's online behaviour as more than 70 per cent of teens use now more than one social network. The Pew study found that nearly three-quarters of teens have access to a smartphone.
Jason Edward Harrington, who worked with the government agency for six years, added screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like.
Wayne Rooney knows Manchester United will be playing for 'pride' against rivals Manchester City . United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals, but Rooney is determined to put an end to that sequence this weekend. Sergio Aguero (right) scored the winning goal as City beat United 1-0 last November .
Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton finished 16th during Friday's Bahrain practice session . Jenson Button stalled his car during the practice session in what was another disappointing day for McLaren .
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the Miami Open on Friday night . Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami and will take on Scotsman Murray in Sunday's final .
The tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. One side of the coin shows an image of the Carthaginian goddess Tanit,  suggesting links between the south west and the Mediterranean .
Ben Stokes (left) gives Marlon Samuels a stare as the West Indian gives him a send-off salute on Thursday . ‘I didn’t really see it, but there’s nothing wrong with a little banter in international cricket,’ said Ambrose. Graeme Swann said immediately after the day's play that while not the biggest fan of Samuels the gesture made him laugh. 'Heavy money on @benstokes38 getting Marlon out in the 2nd dig.
Waterloo, Iowa (CNN)Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common. That said, the two Democrats find themselves in the same position.
Kevin de Bruyne (right) is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from Wolfsburg has been agreed . That is only normal in situations like this. Since leaving Chelsea, De Bruyne has established himself as one of the best playmakers in the Bundesliga .
Button spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded. Lewis Hamilton  has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg at every race this season.
(CNN)The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January. But the FBI now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted Islamic extremist. READ MORE: Dozens of Philippine police killed in raid on 'high value' bomb makers .
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland, where is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia . Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that McShane must execute every year, such as this one from 2009 . McShane is set to retire later this year, with the local authorities currently on the lookout for his replacement.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000. She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011.
Fernando Torres has hailed manager Diego Simeone as the reason behind Atletico Madrid's success ahead of their Champions League quarter-final meeting with  Real Madrid. Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final .
More like Iggy Pop: Scything expert Chris Riley says his own physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop . Meanwhile... Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing in last night's episode of Poldark . Only 'cos he kept his clothes on all night #Poldark.' Verthless added: 'Despite the @BBCOne warning before #Poldark my wife is traumatised by some of the scenes in which Aiden Turner kept his shirt on.'
The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing in front of presenter Ellie Pitt and his opponents on Made in Bristol's programme, Decision Made. Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium in front of his worried-looking opponents just seconds before the programme was due to go on air . Later he said he had not been feeling well for a while before fainting but had been determined not to cancel the event.
The plane, carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members, tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho. The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop, and passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China's Anyang City. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible, the People's Daily Online reports. Zhu Guosheng, a mummification master who has preserved the bodies of dozens of monks since 1990s, told Guangzhou Daily that a large porcelain vase is the key to the success of the Buddhist tradition.
A farmer has been forced out of her home after a neighbour repeatedly exposed himself to her. Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by 67-year-old Kenneth Ward, naked apart from socks and boots. The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her. ‘When I heard the order had been changed … I was horrified and I knew my only option was to pack up and leave.
Tragedy: Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, died the day after he pleaded not guilty to hitting his partner . A pilot has commited suicide by  intentionally crashing his plane into a field in Northern California the day after pleading not guilty to domestic violence charges, authorities said Tuesday . Before the crash on Saturday, Stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool and could leave this summer . The 20 year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million . Besiktas manager Slaven Bilic is in the frame to replace Sam Allardyce at West Ham this summer . Southampton are set to make a move for Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez when the transfer window opens. Tottentham could make a move for Aston Villa forward Christian Benteke this summer. West Ham want to keep hold of defender Aaron Cresswell, who is a target for Premier League leaders Chelsea .
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution of the sperm whale.
Gemma Redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison, following a conviction for raping her . Philip Kirby had been sentenced to eight years in prison but was released after three years, and phoned his former partner. The rapist had been banned from contacting her for life and will now not be released until 2023 .
High maintenance: Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming . The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. Teaming up with the advertsiing agency Rethink, the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. The final image, of a smart jacket, highlights a working day for 12-year-old Joya. Time to End Extreme Inequality.
But a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday, as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks. Anti-rape campaigners have criticised the  message in this Sussex Police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped .
Montenegro allegedly tried to attack another woman, 'running at her with her fists raised'. 'The defendant had a minor abrasion on her fight shoulder. According to her Facebook page, Montenegro is from Queens, New York, and studies at Valencia Community College.
Capturing his remarkable relationship on camera, Roland Giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage. The man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day.
The world has been paying tribute to Benaud, the former Australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, who died on Friday. In November, Benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer.
In 2014, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought. Like asking for a glass of water at a restaurant. That may be the only thing to toast about this drought.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit (artist's illustration shown). The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size . Without going into specifics, the team says their proposal could remove ‘most’ of the centimetre-sized debris in Earth orbit within five years of operation .
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby after missing United's last six games . In his absence though United have won their last five league matches, climbing up to third in the table . Van Persie (third left) has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes so far this season .
Women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted Australian serial killer Ivan Milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago, a new book reveals. The Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey. Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in  NSW between 1989 and 1992. 'Why they write to me is a puzzle.
There's clearly still a few precision kinks with the Beautification machine created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer . The robot made its debut at the exhibition, Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015, in France, and gallery visitors were in for a treat.
Jessica Carey had her husband Aaron Carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother on her arm . I had my husband tattoo a portrait of her on my forearm and then drove up the four hours to surprise her. Her reaction is priceless.'
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell looks ahead to Saturday's mega-fight at the MGM Grand after witnessing Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's grand arrivals in Las Vegas.
Deborah Fuller has been banned from keeping animals after she dragged her dog behind her car, causing wounds as she drove at 30mph . The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow. Fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated. He was taken to a vet and given treatment for his injuries, which took eight weeks.
Although most staff members and civilians have been rescued, an exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing, the statement says.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Real Madrid manager Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Ronaldo .
James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District, he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of Penrith in Cumbria . With starkly effective prose, he brilliantly evokes the horror of the 2001 foot-and-mouth outbreak.
The reporter's mother Lois Colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Filing an official complaint to Russia, the State Department alleges a U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the Baltic Sea in international airspace when a Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path. Spokesman Mark Wright told CNN the Russian jet performed 'aggressive maneuvers' at high speed in close proximity to the plane.
This little blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near Copenhagen . The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . The female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help, or no help at all, from the male .
A worrying new trend dubbed the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout (pictured) The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or shot glass and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up .
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1. Gertrude Weaver, aged 116, is now the world's oldest person, according to Los Angeles-based Geronotology Research Group, .
Mark O'Meara rolled back the years with one of the standout rounds of the day to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years. O'Meara is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind 65-year-old Tom Watson .
A brazen thief has allegedly taken a diamond engagement ring from Christine Davidson just days before she passed away on Thursday . After enduring an incredible 14 years of chemotherapy and radiation, the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. Symantha said she has informed the police about the missing ring. Jewellery store SA Gold Diggers in Salisbury, South Australia has offered a $1000 reward for anyone providing information that leads to finding the missing ring.
Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War. Ronald and Miriam Pearson died last month within two days of each other. Their marriage was described as 'the greatest true love story' at a joint funeral held at Blacon Crematorium which saw the couple buried side by side.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. The confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion and Paul's declaration that she seems to be 'OK with killing a 7-pound baby.' A disgruntled Paul cut her off and said, 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?'
Chelsea are looking to beat Manchester City to sign Brazilian prospect Nathan. The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica but has struggled for first-team action . Manager Garry Monk is set to hand Oliveira only the second Premier League start of his career at Swansea .
Members of the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama-based band Wormreich were in the van. The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle, according to Fox5.
So close: David Suchet with his grandson Todd, who has the rare genetic illness Tuberous Sclerosis Complex . He said ‘mismanagement in the admin side’ of the NHS means he is not receiving treatment that could help him.
Lorenzo Simon was today found guilty of murder after killing his tenant then hacking his body into pieces . Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer. He then hacked the body up and stuffed the head, limbs and tools into a suitcase. When police raided the home, parts of a humerus bone were discovered inside this charred drum .
Bangkok (CNN)Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta. Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship."
Curves to coral: Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear . The environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with US brand Swimsuits For All's trend range, SwimSexy. Environmentally-friendly: The swimsuits are made form 100 per cent recycled materials .
Here, FEMAIL takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style, and asks top stylists for tips on how men can go grey gracefully. George Lamb is a serious trendsetter, helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey .
Santana said when he first came on the scene while walking to his job he saw Slager on top of Scott, who was on the ground. Who was Walter Scott? Santana said after he stopped recording, he watched for a few more minutes but never saw anyone perform CPR.
Last week, NASA scientists discussed in very concrete terms the steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe over the next decade or two. Life elsewhere in the universe, and even elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy, is practically inevitable.
He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct. All the boys were under the age of 13 when the alleged abuse began. The Hennepin County medical examiner’s office is set to release further details about Geyen's death later this week.
Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States team, Fort Lauderdale Strikers . Ronaldo believes that football will continue to grow in popularity in the United States and that the lifestyle on offer in America appeals to the elite calibre of players.
Newport Gwent Dragons reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over Cardiff Blues. Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues, while Anscombe added three conversions.
Robertson will serve a minimum of 32 years and Carr a minimum of 30 years. Hitman: Justin Robertson, left, was paid £1,500 in counterfeit banknotes by Benjamin Carr, right . Victim: Pennie Davis was found dead by her husband in a New Forest field in September last year .
TV wine expert Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years . The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour . The Oak Bottle is a fun product, and would certainly make an interesting gift for a wine buff.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million. Mrs Maxwell said she would not give up her role at Coningsby Community Hall (pictured) where she prepares meals for pensioners . The couple said they planned to use the money on buying a new minibus for local pensioners and upgrading their family to First Class on an already planned holiday to New Zealand .
Arsenal appear in high spirits ahead of hosting Champions League qualification rivals Liverpool on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners take on Brendan Rodgers' side at the Emirates, third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
(CNN)Atop the Amazon bestselling books list this month sat an unexpected title: "Secret Garden." "Not only is it calming and good for your health, it's just fun! Adults have long used crafts to unwind, but why coloring books?
The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club. Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver should he face the Newcastle axe .
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday. 'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport.'
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence . In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or M13 . And they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
'A few of the staff didn't want to come out to meet Hillary,' DuBois said. 'They just don't like her.' The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event, but her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion . 'If someone like that loves her, then they'll talk to other people, and so on, and that's going to help,' Palmieri said. Clinton was in Keene on Monday for a roundtable discussion with small business employees.
The previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. legal, as this was attracting animal sex tourists. 'There are frequent reports of the occurrence of organised . animal sex shows, clubs and animal brothels in Denmark,' the .
John R. Lind, 34, (left) admitted tainting Pat Maahs' (right) drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota . He will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on May 22.
Next step: Jailed millionaire Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana. He will now face federal charges, which lawyers believe he can win, before a murder trial in California .
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account, according to research.
A charity set up by Brad Pitt to build new houses for people made homeless when Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans a decade ago is embroiled in legal action – after the new homes started to rot. Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation claimed it was lured into buying the special wood only to discover it rotted so badly one home had mushrooms growing out of it .
Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha posted a photo via his Instagram account which shows the England international undergoing close-up shots at several different angles. Zaha has been in fine form for the Eagles since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent in February .
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg 2-1. Finally, in Belgium, Club Brugge and Dnipro ended in a goalless stalemate.
Mick Tabone and Gregory the crocodile shared a strong bond during their 20 year long friendship . Gregory was captured my Mr Tabone in 1989 after he was found stealing a local farmer's cattle . Mr Tabone previously owned and ran Johnstone River Crocodile Farm and zoo in far-north Queensland .
Ed Miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him.
The oddly-shaped dust mites live for three to four months and live off human and animal skin . The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms. Distrubing fact: The average Australian shed the equivalent of a 50g packet of chips in dead skin every week, most of it ending up in our beds .
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to youngsters around him . However, on Thursday, Lake County school district told the station they would not suspend Logan , saying it was a 'health issue'.
Dr Joe Hanson, a science writer and biologist based in Austin, Texas, pondered this very question and now has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements. He revealed that a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon.
Zimbabweans make  up the largest  group of immigrants.
The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts. Shelly Sterling said she would donate the proceeds to charity. She said she drafted divorce papers last year, but never filed them. A year ago, a recording of Donald Sterling telling Stiviano not to associate with black people led the NBA to ban him for life and fine him $2.5 million.
It's a mauling for City' – that got the veteran lip mic man reaching for the platitudes. Gary Neville  in the Sky Sports studio after co-commentating with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby . Co-commentator Neville analysed the goal by saying: 'Smalling has scored. Toure could do little for City as they suffered a 4-2 defeat by their great rivals United at Old Trafford .
BMW Group’s answer to Google Glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing maps and other features – and the Elvis-style glasses (pictured) can also be worn out of the car . They are a prototype created by the car manufacturer and Qualcomm Connected Experiences, and there is no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale.
(CNN)A professor at Texas A&M Galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace, that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class.
Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign, with New Balance taking over in supplying the Merseyside club. So as Reds fans give verdict on the new Liverpool kit, Sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years.
Victims: Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, pictured in hospital, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India,  when passengers and bus staff sexually assaulted them . After fighting off her attackers, Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus, but according to her testimony, he started driving faster. Arshdeep and Mrs Kaur both suffered serious injuries, and the 14-year-old later died in hospital.
More than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to John Koepke who was banned from keeping pets . Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems and are currently being assessed by veterinary experts.
Marouane Fellaini helps Manchester United take the lead at Old Trafford as Joe Hart looks on in anguish . City never really got to grips with his awkward presence and took his goal well. Subbed at half-time. Star man: Ashley Young . Phil Jones lunges in on Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero as the Argentinean takes sight of goal .
Millie worked from her studio in Tenby, Wales, to create her range of detailed illustrations . The book, Animal Kingdom, retails at £3.99 and is currently at the top of Amazon's Top 100 Books list .
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Wolf Hall writer Hilary Mantel's award-winning second novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage. In preparation, the title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'. And Mantel is convinced it will be a hit on Broadway.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. Leeim was born with spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby's spine doesn't form properly . Since his first 26.2-mile race in 2008, Morseman has won 23 of the 42 marathons he's participated in.
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. Clattenburg has shown only two red cards this season, both to United players including Luke Shaw (centre)
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night. Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second. Matthysse said he just wanted to rest but talked up a fight with Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao next .
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson, 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. 'Fake': They pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter, claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery. They asked for $3,000 on the GoFundMe page . Arrested: Mrs Clawson, pictured left and right with her older child, was arrested after a teacher asked police to check on the wellbeing of the three-year-old daughter and found she was fine, according to reports .
Davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day . I missed it and it let Dennis in.’ From being on the verge of 9-0 down, Taylor fought back to 9-7 overnight.
In the pictures O’Toole, the star of 1962 classic film Lawrence of Arabia, can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal. Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to O’Toole. Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria is available in cinemas and can be purchased on DVD starting today.
His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him . Lord Greville Janner - the Labour peer accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s - could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims brought by his alleged victims, a lawyer has said. The director of public prosecutions Alison Saunder when she decided not to pursue the charges of historic sex abuse. he said.
No love lost: Pictured with ex-husband Chris Huhne. The couple both served time in prison for perverting the course of justice over speeding fines issued in 2003 . She was jailed in March 2013.
The 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer Wendy Wei Mei Wu . Her daughter Vivienne Zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase, and said her mother 'just loves the island' and 'it's a toy for her, ' though they're undecided on future plans for the island. The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . It has been owned by the Needham family for 45 years.
Odds on the new royal baby being a girl have tumbled after a bookmaker revealed that 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child. Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with the 18th, 19th and 20th April the most popular choices - even though the  official due date is the 25th. Alice 3/1 . Victoria 10/1 . Arthur 10/1 .
The inspiration: A statue at Rugby School depicting the moment pupil William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823, in an action said to be the beginning of the modern game of rugby after pupils wrote their own set of rules .
A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes through the edge of the earth's shadow . A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth.
The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis in order to test drugs and study the disease are now suing Johns Hopkins University. Marta Orellana (above) was just 9-years-old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease . Federico Mesa (above) was a solider who was forcibly injected with syphilis as a soldier and passed it along to his family . In a $1billion lawsuit, 750 plaintiffs claim Johns Hopkins (above) approved and helped to plan the study, which ran from 1945 to 1956 . Marta Ruiz's (above) husband was infected, and she gave birth to one child who did not have a brain . One of the attorneys for Hopkins meanwhile calls this suit 'baseless.'
Arrest: Kayla Mooney, pictured, allegedly had sexual contact with a male student off campus last year . Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday.
The British Veterinary Association has withdrawn its support for the shooting of free-running badgers in controversial pilot culls. The BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle.
The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on Thursday. The fashion fan  carried a shopping tote from Intermix, suggesting she made a few purchases at the store . Eugenie has been in New York for the past year, working for an online auction house.
Help: Kim Richards is now in a Malibu rehab, but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel. Pouring her heart out: The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's  house. Dr Phil asks. She knew she would be comfortable at the hotel. She went into the Polo Lounge and headed to a table in the corner where she always sits. The bar was closed. But when the maître d' told her if she didn't leave he was going to call the police for trespassing she got bent out of shape.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers, making it a more intimate voyage . There were two ports in Corsica: Ajaccio and Porto Vecchio. Our final excursion was one that promised 'Insider Access' - a drive along the spectacular Amalfi Coast to a buffalo farm in Pontecagnano to discover how mozzarella cheese is made.
(CNN)Australia has recalled its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations after two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions "cruel and unnecessary" because both men, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, had been "fully rehabilitated" during a decade in prison.
Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America's 'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars . Obama took a half -hour walking tour of the the Anhinga Trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park today before making a plea for Americans to save the Everglades and other natural gems by making environmentally-conscious decisions. 'I can’t think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our nation’s greatest natural treasures, the Everglades,' he told his audience, calling the swamp, which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp, 'magical.' Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' on the day trip.
Asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks . Applicants from outside the EU must provide a letter of 'good conduct' from their home country - but asylum seekers do not have to .
An Armenian expat who shows Australians how to cook a 'real barbecue' has become an internet sensation after his daughter posted his hilarious video online.
Products intended for infants are equally polarised, with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads: 'I hate my thighs'. By contrast, the boy's effort offers up the much more pleasant: 'I'm super'.
The Villa wide man turned up for training at the club's Bodymoor Heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo. The Ireland international posted a picture of N'Zogbia on the social networking site writing 'OMG get on Charles N'Zogbia's gear.
UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style, without breaking the bank. Lily shows you how to update sunglasses .
George Bailey (left) will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast for Sussex .
The state, which supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market, is in its fourth year of drought. Despite the ongoing drought,  almond growers, who require a gallon of water to produce a single nut, are still planting trees. But in California, there is growing anger that while most people are facing water rations, the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards and guzzle all the water it wants.
The 10-time winner of the Ladies' World Championship saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty after a tight clash on Thursday. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to Reanne Evans .
President Barack Obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay, lesbian and transgender youth. The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The American Psychiatric Association has long opposed conversion therapy, which the organization says is based on the assumption that homosexuality is a mental disorder.
Heartbreaking site: An onlooker who witnessed this crash in Nottingham said: 'The bloke looked absolutely distraught. Davies Road, where the Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed after colliding with a lorry while pulling to the side of the road in traffic queues because of a nearby cyclist accident .
The mayor's son, who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School will make his decision by the end of the month, leaving de Blasio in a situation familiar to millions across the country.
A sports journalist has outraged social media users after publishing 'inappropriate' and 'despicable' tweets in which he condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day, mocked the Digger's bravery and accused them of committing war crimes. The comments from SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked, and even caught the disapproving attention of Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull, after tweeting them on the day of the centenary services.
From getting stopped and searched for drugs in Mexico, to hijacking tuk tuks in India, the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond London's exclusive SW3 postcode. 'I once took a girl on holiday to Morocco for her birthday,' he said when asked about the most romantic place he has taken a female companion.
Leicester have announced a move for Super Rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald. The 28-year-old New Zealander has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progression or risk losing him . Kane has scored 29 goals so far this season and also netted on his England debut in March . Sherwood said Benteke’s improved form, having only scored three times before Villa sacked Paul Lambert, was down to the medicine of greater service.
Pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105. Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan – stoking fears of a buy-to-let boom.
The bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show and accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash. The drama began when Dawn, who has previously appeared on the ITV talk show, discovered that £207 set aside for a £500 grave stone had disappeared. Sobbing: She was comforted by her partner, also called Jamie, after the show .
James Ward (pictured) was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body after being attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders . Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him . A 23-year-old man appeared before magistrates in Burnley yesterday charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm.
Lorraine Valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light. Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session  at the Halewood complex, with the fun-filled occasion including games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by manager Martinez and his coaching staff. James McCarthy was also in attendance at the Academy Day, pictured in a passing drill he will be familiar with .
Walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey . Walmart was joined by A&P (rated number 66) and Waldbaum's (number 68), which each earned 64 points - the lowest out of the supermarkets surveyed, according to CBS. Publix came in second place followed by Trader Joe's, Fareway Stores and Market Basket.
A proposed ban on alcohol in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali . Mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban, which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism, such as five-star hotels .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport has lifted Morocco's ban from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations that was imposed by the Confederation of African Football. Their national federation cited health risks from fans travelling from Ebola-affected regions.
Killing: Leonie Granger, left, has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of Mehmet Hassan, right . Lure: Granger, pictured with Mr Hassan in the casino, took advantage of him being a 'soft target' Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and his friend Nicholas Chandler, both 28, were convicted of murder, robbery, false imprisonment and firearms offences. Honeytrap: Granger, 25, convinced the 56-year-old victim she wanted a relationship with him . She was convicted of manslaughter and false imprisonment.
The leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them. But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable.'
Cunningham is worried people would buy the new houses and then later complain about the noise, leading to potential restrictions being imposed on his business. The 1,000-resident development is proposed for next door to the popular Cornwall theme park .
Amir Khan has admitted his next opponent has not been confirmed despite saying it would be Chris Algieri . Brook is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit has rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June . And the Sheffield welterweight is hoping to fight again at the O2 in London on May 30 with stablemate and countryman Frankie Gavin a possible opponent.
Caledonia, Michigan (CNN)Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college. Fast-forward eight years to 2014. Shelby's version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain. The Hodgkins lymphoma he had fought and battled into remission when he was 20 had reappeared. It's been over 15 years. Inoperable.
Girl power was the definite winner at yesterday’s historic Boat Race as women rowed on the same course and same day as the men for the first time. Oxford University women’s rowing team beat Cambridge – inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race.
Bespoke holiday providers Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . The facilities are described as 'basic' and guests are provided with a translator throughout the stay. Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist, has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger .
Middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year at The Football League Awards. Preston's Joe Garner earned the League One award, while Danny Mayor of Bury topped the list in League Two. MK Dons midfielder Dele Alli - on loan from Tottenham - was named the Football League's Young Player of the Year.
(CNN)Film critic Richard Corliss, whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated Time magazine's coverage of cinema for 35 years, died Thursday night in New York City. A graceful and prolific writer, Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies, penned many Time cover stories and authored four books on film, including "Mom in the Movies: The Iconic Screen Mothers You Love (and a Few You Love to Hate)," published just last year.
While Burns was with the group, it recorded other hits like Sweet Home Alabama, Gimme Three Steps, Simple Man and Don't Ask Me No Questions. Cartersville is about 125 miles away from Macon, Georgia, where Duane Allman died in a 1971 motorcycle crash . Three other band members were previously killed in a plane crash in 1977.
In a case that was condemned around the world, Luo Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers' health'. But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help. The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed when the massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 3,700 people. Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute. 'Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better. Fredinburg started at Google in 2007. 'Dan Fredinburg was one-of-a-kind. He was one of my truest friends.
The England international's younger sibling plays for Crawley as a winger or striker and started their game against the Latics in League One. Ashley Young went to watch his younger brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham .
She is currently preparing to give birth to her second child . While it is tricky to get stuff done with one baby, with two it is practically impossible. Look after the children. Buy two of everything.
Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin, who has become an integral part of their midfield, celebrates with fans . On loan at Charlton, the 23-year-old feared he may not play for the Gunners again. The Gunners take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in a pivotal clash in the race for Champions League football, but Arsenal's 'new Vieira' is confident.
A group of rebels go on a rogue mission to steal plans for the Death Star. Jones will play a rebel soldier.
We all need a helping hand sometimes, and nobody more so than Kecil the baby orangutan, who had a tough start to life after his natural mother and another surrogate mother rejected him. In a final attempt to find a parent for Kecil, he was handed over to Maggie, the oldest orangutan in North America, who has already raised four children of her own, and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002. Big day: After settling into his new enclosure, Kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend in two hours slots between 10am and midday, allowing him to nap in the afternoons .
On the Paddy Power Offers page, a tweet was published that read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'. It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash on social media.
A Brazilian online football store claims to have next season's Chelsea kit for sale on its website - and it can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back. The website has the new sponsor on the front of the kits but not the Adidas emblem .
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17 .
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in the tiny town of Halfway in August of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.
(CNN)One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem. A 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition, according to Rosenfeld.
Bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign. The photos, taken in a forest outside Moscow in Russia, show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Photographer Olga Barantseva, who captured the images, said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations as the Professional Footballers' Association announce their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year. Harry Kane has scored 19 league goals this season and has been nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year .
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open, despite the Masters being just around the corner.
(CNN)An internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in 2009 concluded that Reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated regarding his role with the agency. He pleaded not guilty. Bates has said he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after the suspect fled from officers but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead.
The informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card - that some are calling a 'get out of deportation free card' - that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded. Those policies, however, are currently on hold by a court order, according to FOX News Latino. Critics of the toolkit claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants. 'Rep.
Death in the street: The unnamed woman, believed to be 25 to 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn .
Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby, while more current hits from Pitbull, Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut. Moon River by Audrey Hepburn .
George Osborne has refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the Conservatives win a second term. ‘George Osborne repeatedly refused to rule out rolling child benefit into universal credit.
The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park aboard her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. Enjoying the sunshine: The Queen enjoys a ride on her Fell pony Carltonlima Emma .
Others opt for Dubai. Win, and the title was theirs. Barnet celebrate with the Conference trophy after securing a return to the Football League . Mauro Vilhete (right) scored a brace for Barnet as they overcame Gateshead to secure promotion . The title-winning victory ensures Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . Barnet players will celebrate their promotion with a team trip to Benidorm on Wednesday this week .
Supporters were "overjoyed" with the news. Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in a Victorian National Park. The wombat had no idea what he was in for as he approached the unsuspecting wallaby .
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born in Barnsley, West Yorkshire. Doctors discovered the baby's bile ducts were blocked, a condition that can prove fatal if untreated. Miss Reader's twin sister Shanell was tested and told that she would give the baby the best chance of survival. Star underwent the operation in November and, after spending six weeks in hospital.
Michelle Heale (above) breaks down during her trial for murder in the death of 14-month-old Mason Hess on Tuesday as she reenacts the moments before his neck allegedly snapped . She claims she was burping Mason Hess (above) when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him of her shoulder . Heale (seen above crying on the stand Wednesday) is out on bail during the trial and still has custody of her twins, who were 3-years-old when the incident occurred .
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. A connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye.
Arrested: Nine British nationals, three men, two women and four children, have been arrested trying to enter Syria illegally, and are now in the custody of Turkish officials (file picture) Fleeing to Syria: Amira Abase, Kadiza Sultana and Shamina Begum at Gatwick in February .
Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands. Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to Mr Shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway.
The Londoner believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds .
Powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency, car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving. Their compact creation, which was built over five months, will travel to The Netherlands in May to compete in the European leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon -- the motoring competition rewards those who travel the longest distance using the least amount of fuel.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder .
The Phonesavanh family came to the settlement with Habersham County, Georgia late last month and announced it this week. Settled: The family of 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh has settled with a Georgia County after he was maimed and nearly killed when SWAT police erroneously stormed the home where they were living and tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib. $137,000 to Bou Bou's father for his personal injuries. $9,000 to each of Bou Bou's three siblings, Emma, Malee, and Bounly.
It is on course to be the hottest  April on record and millions of Brits  made the most of the sunny weekend weather and clear skies today by heading to beaches and parks across the country. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures .
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call. The horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious.' Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other .
The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will not rush into a decision on Javier Hernandez. The striker on loan from Manchester United has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants .
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following 'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, then 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13. But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages. It accuses them of using Rebecca's death as an 'opportunity for media attention' and says that they maliciously deemed the girl 'the poster child example of a cyber-bully'. Her family has now filed a lawsuit in Polk County . A representative for the sheriff's office said the claims 'have no merit'.
The fort, which was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire, appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country. the area. Dr Noble said: ‘It is possible that there was a series of forts along the coast.
Oscar was clattered into by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina during Sunday's London derby . Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion' Oscar was knocked back by the goalkeeper but Michael Oliver didn't award Chelsea a penalty . 'He went to the hospital at halftime,' Mourinho said.
Enjoy the great outdoors and then relax with a drink (while wearing a nice sweater) seems to be the general message from advertisers in the seventies . A collision of colour: Singer Rod Stewart once advertised Kickers shoes...while wearing some very garish clothes . Take Rod Stewart's colourful ad for footwear brand Kickers.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday. Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed .
Manchester City players have backed Patrick Vieira (left) to replace Manuel Pellegrini as manager of the club - if the latter at the helm of the Etihad Stadium outfit is sacked at the end of the season . Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the  youth team hasn't gone unnoticed too . City's first-choice managerial option remains current Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola .
Roxy Walsh (pictured in Bali) found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7 . The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times, taking the search for the special ring global.
Jailed: Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook after targeting businesses across Greater Manchester . The gang were involved in 29 robberies and burglaries across areas of Stockport and Greater Manchester. Above, Jordan Sim-Mutch in photos posted online .
(CNN)I don't always talk about news events with my daughters, but there was something about the story of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry and the wildly offensive way she spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up. It's a free world. Her response? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook.
A man has been arrested after the body of a 22-year-old missing Indiana University student was found more than 20 miles from campus. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder. Indiana University student Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday. The connection between Messel and Wilson is unclear, police said. Gamma Phi Beta sorority also released a statement regarding Wilson's death.
Horrifying images of a baby elephant tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks has sparked a push to have it freed, just weeks after one of the endangered animals was ridden by drunken tourists around a swimming pool. The campaign was kicked off by Jaime Singleton, who saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year. Baby elephant, Nadia, seen in a picture posted to Marina Phuket Resort's Facebook page, is a 'mascot' for the resort and is forced to do tricks for guests . 'It's absolutely barbaric,' Ms Singleton told Daily Mail Australia.
Vet of the year award ... She removed her controversial post then eventually shut down her Facebook page. The sheriff's office in Austin County, where the cat was apparently shot, is investigating, and Lindsey could face charges.
British boxer Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio . Adams said: 'I will keep fighting as long as I have the motivation to do so and there is no reason why that should not continue after the Rio Olympics. Natasha Jonas, pictured in blue at London 2012, announced her retirement from boxing on April 7 .
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes. Leafeater .
Loftus Road was the place where the Chelsea skipper racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011. There were wild celebrations from Terry at the final whistle as he responded to the constant jeers.
AP McCoy claimed victory in the Aintree Hurdles as he rode Jezki (right) to victory after Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire (left, downed), fell at the final hurdle at this year's Grand National Festival on Thursday afternoon . Walsh and his horse escaped without serious injury, although the Irishman pulled out of his last ride .
*Player ratings by Oliver Todd at Stamford Bridge . Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea - CLICK HERE for more in our Match Zone . When he nut-megged David De Gea for the opening goal, it was as though the race to be player of the season – they are both shortlisted for the award - had become a personal feud. Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera is sent flying by a tackle from Chelsea star Oscar on Saturday evening . Herrera sticks out his right leg to make contact with Cahill before falling to the ground and appealing for a penalty in the 95th minute . Hazard almost made it 2-0 with an acrobatic, close-range shot but his effort hit the bar after surging run forward from Drogba . United goalkeeper De Gea bracely punches a Chelsea cross clear under pressure from Drogba and Chelsea skipper John Terry .
Todd Kincannon, 33, has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . An arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats the lawyer is accused of having made previously also . Kincannon, who refers to himself as the 'honey badger of American politics', has gained a reputation on Twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism .
The alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound. The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner .
The cosmologist’s calculations are also based on the idea that there’s a minimum size needed for intelligent life, but don’t factor in an alien planet’s gravity.
genocide of the 20th century'. Turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in Pope Francis, adding that his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'. already publicly characterised the mass killings as genocide.
Gunfights broke out and . Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police . Officials said roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen, and the Reynosa police spokesman said El Gafe was taken to Mexico City. Authorities said the situation was brought under control by late afternoon.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter, whose body was found with roach bites on her legs and head . Bell said that the baby might have been smothered by her 18-month-old twins out of jealousy after she had fallen asleep while watching a movie with them. The twins were taken away from Bell after the death of Alice. Associate District Judge Russell Vaclaw set her bond at $10,000, and scheduled a May 8 hearing.
Raphael Varane (left) impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved . Another fruitless evening for Gareth Bale . Mario Mandzukic was left bloodied after a stray elbow from Sergio Ramos but got little sympathy from the ref .
An ESPN reporter went on a regrettable rant. Producers of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie, arriving in December. To infinity and beyond .
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson. There are around 30 drivers that float in and out of this parking lot in the SoDo (South of Downtown) area of the city in Washington State. But for a home, it's just about enough. 'None of them seem to want to move on,' Anna said.
On paper, a move for Richards this summer is a no brainer. The Birmingham-born 26 year old was England's first choice right-back as a youngster . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is willing to offer the former England man a place at the heart of his defence .
To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope tomorrow, Nasa has released an image of a fantastic tapestry of stars snapped by the orbiting observatory. The image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery.
The pariah state may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, it has now been suggested . Experts at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies earlier this year presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability, predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years. Earlier this month, US Admiral William Gortney, commander of the US Northern Command and North American Aerospace Defense Command, said the US military believes North Korea has the ability to miniaturise a warhead and mount it on a ballistic missile, although there had been no tests.
Lucy Southern, who worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds, was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager Alex Nkoroi.
They found sausage rolls are paired perfectly with the Riesling due to the 'buttery pastry and rich pork balancing the lime and green apple flavours of the wine'. Margherita Pizza . Wine match: Shiraz . Pepperoni Pizza . Wine match: Cabernet Sauvignon . Sausage Roll . Chocolate . Gourmet Scotch egg . Wine match: Fiano .
David Cameron today announced plans to give millions of workers three days paid leave a year to do volunteer work. 'This is the clearest demonstration of the Big Society in action - and I'm proud it's a Conservative government that will deliver it.' The former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott said Mr Pickles had given a 'car crash' interview.
Mesut Ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub just hours after missing the win at Newcastle through illness. Ozil explained to Wenger that he had attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes . Danny Welbeck could return to the Arsenal side for Saturday's showdown with Liverpool after a knee injury . Arsenal are currently seven points behind leaders Chelsea in the Premier League table .
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in  London to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron. He's off: When asked about his relationship with his father, Downey Jnr gets up and says: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' He spent a year in California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison, before he was released in a surprise ruling. Troubled: Between 1996 and 2001, Downey Jr. had multiple run-ins with the law and several arrests on drug-related charges. Last June, his son Indio was arrested on felony drug charges.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. The divers aim to first and foremost be respectful to the marine life and not disturb any creatures .
Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car up until the delivery is made. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked.
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City this summer, but the Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off on Monday. Jack Wilshere in action for Arsenal U21s recently and his overflowing Waitrose shopping trolley . And Wilshere clearly loves a bowl of cereal.
It's a shame that South Africa continues to confront. Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors.
Chelsea have opened talks with Patrick Bamford over an improved contract following his stunning loan spell at Middlesbrough. He has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge and Chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new contract.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. She filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the Fair Work Commission. Commissioner DJ Cloghan ruled against Ms Nesbitt.
This week Hutton has released 'My Love Affair with Food' in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly, featuring over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos. The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with Daily Mail Australia.
Retiring AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase, in which he definitely partners Mr Mole, or the feature Bet365 Gold Cup. The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire at Sandown racecourse on Saturday .
But after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right, the couple from Andova, Minnesota, were afforded something neither of their parents were. Amazing moment: Elijah Cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother, Ahavah Cook, for the first time .
Joe Root speaks to England team-mate James Anderson after his run out during the first innings in Grenada . Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch during West Indies' second innings .
Matt Phillips (left) headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead, getting on the end of Bobby Zamora's cross . But QPR were only ahead for three minutes after Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts at Villa Park . But his team were playing with real verve, with Benteke scoring a second after 33 minutes with a goal that owed as much to the speed, vision and courage of Agbonlahor as the precision of the finish. Villa Park looked a picture on Tuesday night as the two relegation battlers went head-to-head in Birmingham .
Catalans Dragons winger Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious, says Joe Calzaghe. The "zero" is a massive burden. Floyd Mayweather works out with his uncle Roger at the Mayweather Boxing Club ahead of the fight .
The comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet Tuesday night at the 2015 TIME 100 gala in New York -- right in front of fellow honorees Kanye West and Kim Kardashian, who stepped around her as they moved down the line. The prank came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show, "Inside Amy Schumer," premiered on Comedy Central.
The supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region of the universe (illustration of empty space shown). At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found. But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening .
The clip, uploaded to Facebook today, show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. The angry woman turns up in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him .
A notorious thug who once survived a gangland hit has been banned from every pub and club in Manchester after ramming  his car into nightclub doors when his friend was refused entry. David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester (pictured) after bouncers refused to let his friend come inside . He went over to remonstrate with the bouncers and act as 'peace-maker', but was told because it was late nobody else was being allowed in.
Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) was said to have boasted that they can act as 'kingmakers' when the country goes to the polls. Mend' chief executive Sufyan Ismail has reportedly claimed that the group is in negotiations with both the Tory and Labour leadership .
Tottenham are chasing highly-rated German midfielder Julian Weigl. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund have also showed interest in the Germany U20 international whose contract runs out in 2017.
Controversial: Superior Court Judge M. Marc Kelly (seen here with a colleague in 2010) has handed a 10-year sentence to a 20-year-old child rapist. The mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life .
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Ben Ellery's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination . Literary critic Craig Brown, winner of countless awards in the past, was nominated this time as Arts Reviewer of the Year.
When the forensic officer found the van, he swabbed the spit and swiftly located Philp from his DNA. Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday, where he pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property .
Video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces, reportedly near Kirkuk in northern Iraq.
The Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. With us, the dream of home ownership is alive.
With no cell phone reception to call for help, owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . 'I mean there were 20 people out here trying to get this little dog out.'
Her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property's manager - but there is no CCTV evidence of the accident . Yang told reporters outside her home: ‘She [Ms Xie] told me that she dropped her keys in the gap.
Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal, as did his keeper Diego Lopez, but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless . There was insight into why both sides are languishing in mid-table this season too. It was the third disallowed of the game.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. But he said Patties Foods remains guided by the health department's epidemiology, with the 1kg product remaining off supermarket shelves until further notice while the company evaluates alternative supply sources.
(CNN)The lawyer for Robert Bates, an Oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a Taser, on Saturday released  documents that he says verify some of Bates' training as a law enforcement officer. "Robert Bates has met all the requisite training required by Oklahoma to be a reserve deputy," said the lawyer, Scott Wood, in an interview with CNN.
Published on The Daily Blog on Wednesday, the anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully  pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife Bronagh (pictured together) The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie (pictured) in Parnell, east of Auckland .
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri. Perz (left) recently sent Marilyn Mecham (right), his home economics teacher in 1977, a check for $10,000 . Perz had written he would be 'sad' if Mecham didn't spend it all on herself. 'Gratitude is something in this society today that we just don't do enough of,' Mecham told ABC.
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year. Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. Fans in the US and Canada can pre-order the game, which also comes with the redesigned guitar, via Activision's site for $99.
But Michelle Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim. 'I want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that.' She is also learning to play the piano.
The student says that traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in London . 'Mostly students doing sex work don't talk about it.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341 for five . And when England were 34 for three, I was receiving a lot of comments in the commentary box about my supposed motivational skills! I replied that I only actually spoke to the England middle order.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and her long-term boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend. But they were killed when 24-year-old Joel Norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car, leaving their daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, an orphan. The horror car crash comes nearly a year and a half after The Fast and The Furious star Paul Walker was killed aged 40 when the Porshe he was traveling in crashed in California in 2013.
When Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller allegedly struck and killed Trinity Backmann on February 28 in Apopka, her blood alcohol content level was over the legal driving limit, police revealed after a month-long investigation. Trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed, police said. Police said Miller reeked of alcohol, had glassy, bloodshot eyes and had an open bottle of Mike's Hard Lemonade in the car. She also faces a DUI while causing injury charge.
Cristiano Ronaldo (right) puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead against Eibar with a 21st minute free-kick . Javier Hernandez made the most of a rare start for Madrid by doubling Madrid's lead in the 31st minute . The Madrid players celebrate Hernandez's header during the 3-0 victory against La Liga minnows Eibar . Spanish star Jese fired Madrid into a commanding 3-0 lead during the closing stages .
iRobot is famous for creating self-guided Roomba machines . The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on. According to Bloomberg, iRobot claims the astronomers' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are 'infinitesimal'.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window . Hughes wants goalkeeper Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at the Britannia Stadium . Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer .
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. It's believed the newly-discovered pocket shark was just a few weeks old as he is extremely small and only weighs a mere half ounce. 'It almost looks like a little whale.'
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold – by Delaware rare book dealer Ian Brabner, whose firm, Rare Americana, buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books and historical manuscripts.
Nick Robinson returned to the TV screens last night, with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment. BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night (pictured), although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery . Afterwards he tweeted: 'Good to be back on air.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday when he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building. The striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment. But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. Close friend and club vice-chairman Ben Bennett said: 'No one is blaming anyone. It was just a tragic accident.'
This is the embarrassing moment a Buckingham Palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box. Unfortunately for him, the entire incident was caught on a tourist's camera .
But now Aussies Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto are about to add another string to their bow. Film feminism: The five Australian women want to bring a female body to the film-making industry . In vogue: 'The Doll House Collective' girls feature in exclusive May issue of Vogue Australia . Otto says with all their own established work and contacts internationally, they will definitely be taken seriously.
Atletico Madrid striker Mario Mandzukic has denied claims that Real Madrid defender Daniel Carvajal bit him during Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final match.
The remains which were removed from the house on Saturday are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her  65-year-old daughter Carolyn. Residents said the  woman had not been seen in years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen .
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season. Our aim is to finish in the top six and to lift the European Challenge Cup.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. She told police that as the students were about to leave the room for lunch, she saw him crying in a corner and writing a note, which he passed to his opponent but told him not to open it until later. The contents of the note he passed to his classmate have not been disclosed. A classmate reported seeing the student often eating lunch on his own.
Finally: Stephen King has announced Sony will be putting his 'magnum opus' The Dark Tower in cinemas . The eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower. Three years on, Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe are still rumored to be interested in the lead role.
Julia Ware (center) accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts in a Pennsylvania court . Shamus Digney (left), Cullen Keffer (center) and Ryan Lesher (right), all 15, were killed during the accident . The tenth grader accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and  two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury. It rolled over several times during the deadly accident.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad. Also, an Afghan soldier killed three American contractors on January 29. The American troops returned fire, killing the Afghan soldier, whom Sherzad identified as Abdul Azim, from Laghman province.
Wise words: Jamie Oliver's company has said that influential vloggers such as Zoella (right) should try and ensure adverts for unhealthy foods don't appear next to their posts . Oliver's own company says it has a deal with YouTube that ensures that the chef's channel on the video sharing website actively stops sugary food and drinks from being promoted next to his videos.
Limousine company manager Raymond Townsend (right) was ordered to pay compensation to his employee Geralyn Ganci, (left) 32, after telling her she was fired because she would not have sex with him . Other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his 'lap'.
Wayne Rooney (centre) scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 . Herrera scored goals either side of Rooney as Manchester United ran out winners at Old Trafford .
Experts said the diet, known by the acronym MIND, could reduce the risk of the illness even if it not meticulously followed. 10 HEALTHY BRAIN FOODS: . Nuts . Beans . Fish . Poultry . Olive oil . 5 UNHEALTHY BRAIN FOODS: . Butter and margarine . Cheese . Pastries and sweets .
Long-time coming: Chester, a six-year-old pit bull, was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years . The picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world. Within a couple of days of the posting, Chester was adopted by a family with two sons from New York. They came to take him home on Saturday.
The former supermodel, who's gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April, told Red Magazine that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge. Good cause: Christy, pictured training her first marathon in 2011, launched Every Mother Counts in 2010, an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world .
The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race, fried food and live music. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. 'I don't think there's anything sad about this,' said Darby Hudd, a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen. 'It's such a celebration.'
Lt. David Lloyd tells media outlets that Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. The 34-year-old Marihugh and 32-year-old Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée  tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains. Top names: Lea Michele was part of the guestlist, along with her boyfriend Matthew Paetz .
Sally Jones, 45, who once played in a female punk band, ran away from her home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in Raqqa, Syria, the terror group's de facto capital. Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first 'real evidence' which shows Jones - who is believed to have set up home in Raqqa with her toyboy husband - is involved with the brigade at a 'high level' Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first 'real evidence' which shows Jones is involved with the brigade at a 'high level'.
The former 2Day FM co-host, who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call, penned the letter to ask the media, 'Have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call?'. In the letter, Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake, and asks various media outlets to learn from the tragedy of Ms Saldana's death and to be sensible when it comes to covering the birth of the second royal baby. The 33-year-old said that while she thought the media industry was 'wonderful', she said that there needs to be a 'line' that is never crossed when reporting news.
Fired: Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment . The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft, which is highly regarded by ground troops for its ability to provide close air support. In his own written account, Post said he told the group the Air Force didn't want to get rid of the plane but needed to because of budget constraints.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal Friday when she tried to repel a bee, police in Yuma said. The current washed the stroller away.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip. In 2009, the sign was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The iconic neon sign has welcomed tourists to Las Vegas since 1959.
Steve Heighway (left) described the Livepool captain as 'outstanding' after seeing him play at 12 . Gerrard has become of the most recognised midfielders in the game but will leave the club in the summer .
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery. Before a child is given any treatment at all they are assessed by at least five doctors. Teens must be 16 years old before they can go to court to ask for this second stage of treatment.
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared .
It's been just a few days since Andy Murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend Kim Sears. She said that she will take an active part in their lives and that she can't wait to teach them about tennis.
‘Certainly in the second half we are a lot better than the first. Bath lock Stuart Hooper crashes over for his side's second try following another dazzling break from Ford . Ian Madigan was in imperious kicking form as the Leinster centre fired over six penalties .
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news  through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. In her statement, Rita explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. 'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery. Early diagnosis is key.'
The rampant Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour, polling showed last night. Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA . Chelsea team-mate Gary Cahill says his skipper will handle the hostile reception this weekend .
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California (shown). The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
Mother charged: Tyecka Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby, which occurred while she was out clubbing with her sister . Home alone: After initially telling police that she was sleeping at home when her child stopped breathing, Evans later admitted that she went out for nearly two hours and found her daughter unresponsive upon her return to Parkside Garden Apartments in Ocala, Florida .
It wasn't quite the Etihad or the Westfalenstadion but Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head in an exciting clash to showcase the new Puma boot being launched. The Manchester City striker celebrates after scoring to put himself 3-2 up against the German .
Workers who found the baby, who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta, called the police and ambulance. Workers at the restaurant said Yuan Yen had returned to her table and sat 'in a trance' She was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect .
But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24, her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . Bishop, now 26 years old, said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything .
Saracens (pictured training this week) are the only English team left in the Champions Cup .
The FBI have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe . Investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse. Investigators said a collection of photos were found showing the girl being abused, but in one which did not feature abuse John Doe is seen posing with the girl, and there is a close up of his hand (left).
Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. The research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
The rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle. The environmental activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest of Hawaii, Greenpeace said.
Caped crusader: Avery, pictured, was photographed for Renee Bergeron's Superhero Project; Avery was born prematurely, has had multiple brain surgeries, and has a feeding tube in her stomach . Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four. In 2013, she began working on the The Superhero Project, taking pictures of children with physical disabilities, autism, and sensory disorders free of charge.
The scientists first took photographs of rats who were in pain and others with neutral expressions. They found that rats spent less time in the room showing rodents in pain, than they did in the other compartment showing rats with neutral facial expressions .
Three of the teens, all of them either 18 or 19, have since been released "pending further enquiries," Australia's Federal Police said, but two remain in custody. Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed: 'I won't quit my mates'. The announcement came as the show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on 'meddling BBC executives' in a Top Gear Magazine editorial, published today. Later last night, Clarkson was seen enjoying a drink with friends in a west London pub.
And it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech. Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event, said to be held at the secluded haven which more resembles an ancient palace than a hotel .
Patrick Miller, from Cambridge, 'swims' in the shallow end of the pool, which doesn't have any water . The deep end of the swimming pool at the hotel was filled with green sludge, dead insects and debris . The grounds are a fiasco, with overgrown waist-high grass and trees, dead flowers and downed tree branches.
Lee Keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping  on her head and chest at Lincoln County Court, after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter. A court heard Keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her and barristers had to step in to break the pair up. ‘He then chased after her.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail' The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother. Name: The Ardena Baptist Church, who will hold a funeral for the child, gave her the name 'Emma Grace' Investigators say that if the mother is responsible for placing the remains in the trash heap, she may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth.
Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives. Nick Clegg and Lib Dem candidate Lorely Burt were introduced to Humpty, a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles .
But Rachel Cole-Fletcher,  of Durham University says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame (file photo) Not a lifestyle choice . Research mentioned by Ms Jackson did find that women evaluated their bodies more negatively after viewing images of thin models. Meanwhile, several psychological and biological factors are implicated.
The Holland international has missed his side's last three games for Bayern Munich and is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto. That is the worst situation for a footballer.
The former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. 'I even went on a binge at a pal's birthday recently and made myself feel sick,' she said. Susan Hepburn (left), who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 (seen in 2009, right) She's only had one session so far but Claire says she can already see results.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint on the evening of July 8, 2014. The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself, according to the Guardian. While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade, and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed. She is told again to put down the knife and continues to refuse and shouts 'bring it on, no.'
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of 'supercenternarians'. French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. But this isn't the first time Kaminskiy has made news with in the longevity field using his resources.
Emotional: Rob Ford announced on Thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in May. Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor. Instead, he ran for his old seat in city council and won.
Make-up artist Abi Gordon-Cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects . Abi's gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on Instagram .
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes (shown) and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .
COMBINE NAVY AND BLACK . One of the most simple ways to look chic is by sticking to one colour palette, such as a peach hue like Kim Kardashian, left, and the Duchess of Cambridge, right .
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident in Portugal. PC Luke Stanwick, 30, has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family, pictured with his two-year-old son Nathan .
Louis van Gaal pictured with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan (left) and Isobel Christiansen (far right), while they were joined by Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's restaurant . Rory McIlroy attended a meal for United and England captain Rooney at the Chinese restaurant . Wing Shing Chu owns the restaurant based at 1 Lincoln Square in the heart of the city’s bustling Chinatown district. The restaurant's most expensive bottle of wine – a 1983 Chateau Margaux from France – costs £999 .
Irish jockey Davy Condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the Grand National earlier this month. Condon (right) was advised to retire after suffering a second spinal injury within a year .
(CNN)Two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris in Tulsa, Oklahoma, have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families, Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Monday in a news conference. The deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him. Police appear on video saying, "F*ck your breath," apparently in response. Harris was black.
Kate Winslet is to face a battle with Natural England over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion. But the environmental body has recommended her local District Council reject the application because of concerns over the impact it will have on the natural habitat. Winslet wants to build a sea wall along the West Sussex coast to protect her £3.25million beach house .
Clive Schlee, chief executive of the coffee giant, revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy. Here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their Gloucester Road store . Deni fails to get a free coffee at Pret A Manger, Gloucester Road . Deni returns to South Kensington and manages to bag a free cookie . 'Although as the experiment shows - a little red dress won't hurt...!'
Unhurt; in shock, but alive. Workers dig painstakingly, slowly removing piles of stone and debris. Arwa Damon and Gul Tuysuz reported from Nepal, while Euan McKirdy wrote from Hong Kong.
Superior court Judge Susan Garsh punished Robert Cusanelli of WHDH-TV after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday. 'I see now that it was a mistake,' he said. They continued deliberating after the judge questioned the jurors involved and spoke to the attorney but did not reach a verdict on Thursday. They will return on Friday as Hernandez awaits his fate.
On the rise: Adina-lee Vincent is one of the many emerging models signed with Aboriginal Model Management Australia . Now the agency is about to take on a whole new approach when casting begin for both female and male models aged anywhere up to 60 years old across five capital cities. Dargin says the high fashion market is slowly changing its perspective when it comes to indigenous models but she hoped it would move along more quickly (Cheyanne Fuller pictured) The 26-year-old is finding the mid-market range of big family chain stores such as Bonds, Target and Big W are particularly interested in hiring Aboriginal models for their catalogue campaigns.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 .
A former Florida State University student has filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston, claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012. The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. She says the next thing she remembers is coming to while the man on top of her, penetrating her, and claims that she asked him to stop.
Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the Red Devils' second with his right-footed strike . United midfielder Ander Herrera (left) hit the first goal of the game just before half-time with a crisp left-footed strike . Christian Benteke wheels away in celebration after pulling one back for Villa just moments after Rooney's goal . Meanwhile De Gea is left rather red-faced at his error  allowed the visitors back into the match late on at Old Trafford . However any hope of a Villa comeback were quashed when Herrera (right) added a third in injury time .
Take Michael Owen. Raheem Sterling, pictured in training on Thursday, has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers (right) insists that Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window . Steven Gerrard had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens including the FA Cup and UEFA Cup . Liverpool shouldn't have to work hard to keep Sterling.
Scroll down for video... Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene share their amazing travel snaps on their Instagram pages and Jay's tumblr page . The beautiful pair love nothing more than snapping amazing photos together enjoying the sunshine around the world . The pair share snaps from Hawaii, Indonesia and their home state of California where they enjoy a carefree life on the beach .
Rita Ora, 24, has lent her good looks to Rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign . Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range, Rimmel: Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection by Rita Ora, for the beauty giant . Rita partied with fashion's finest at Tommy Hilfiger's new store opening and dinner party that followed in Paris, France, on Tuesday night with her boyfriend Ricky .
Still, there's ample evidence that Christians have been targeted. The latest came Friday, when an Italian prosecutor revealed that a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican back in March 2010. ISIS has turned its beheadings of hostages into horror shows, producing propaganda videos seemingly aimed at producing the maximum amount of terror. Everyone at Kenya's Garissa University College suffered in some way when a handful of Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed the campus early this month.
For the past two years he has used his £50,000 savings to pay towards a £960-a-week live-in carer, while Brent Council contributed £350 a week. The council said Mr Clark’s needs can be met in a care home for £451 a week.
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. The student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Pulled over: The teens were cuffed and held on the side of the road by the officers in south Minneapolis on March 18 . The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go. 'They had their guns drawn,' said Liban to Fox News.
"There is sadness and a sense of loss. Saturday was the second anniversary of the bombing.
Callum Wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute . But, as of yet, the Cherries aren't choking, Callum Wilson's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the Madejski Stadium.
(CNN)A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison, a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital. But the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
A Florida couple locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school, according to authorities. The conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect and attract guests from the gay and swinging communities at his hotel Westward Ho! in Folkestone, Kent.
Crowds who turned out for the Anzac Day memorial service at Sydney’s Martin Place have been left fuming after the Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence. However, a third party contractor entered Ivy afterwards and conducted 'unauthorised sound testing' for an event taking place later today. 'That contractor was immediately terminated this morning.'
Family at war: A bitter family feud has deepened between National Front leader Marine Le Pen (right) and her father Jean-Marie (centre) She added she would oppose her father's bid to lead the . Marine accused her father of committing 'political suicide' after he defended his past comment that Nazi gas chambers were a 'detail of history' last week .
Christian Benteke rescued Aston Villa from the drop zone with a brilliant late free-kick to seal his hat-trick and salvage a point against relegation rivals Queens Park Rangers. Tim Sherwood was disappointed that Aston Villa's domination of QPR did not result in three points for his side . The referee should have stopped it at half-time. Benteke was Villa's star man, twice pulling them level with three goals that earned a point at Villa Park . Ramsey praised Benteke, saying: ‘He is a formidable player.
This is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA. Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour, they said. Alcohol causes changes in the DNA in brain cells. However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may be able to reverse the changes .
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified, which can be deadly in humans. The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from Asia into Europe and Africa in 2005-2006.
Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha’s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon. Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha’s mistakes and not jump ship . Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years with the club .
Despite his recent woes, he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London, who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar. Clarkson had met up with two people who were showing him black Ferrari Pininfarina 275.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England . Barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench during England's 1-1 draw in Turin .
The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland, the Scottish Government’s health promotions agency, which says more action is needed to tackle the ‘continuing problem’ of ‘hazardous alcohol consumption in young people’. The move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
The shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' after promising to cut the deficit every year. Ed Balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the Tories' election pledge to increase NHS spending by £8billion a year . Speaking on the BBC this morning, ahead of Labour's manifesto launch in Manchester, Mr Balls insisted the party could be trusted to give the health service what it needed.
Hidden: Workers place carpets over ancient floor designs in the cave under the Dome of the Rock, which Israeli scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document before they were covered . But the Waqf reject the accusations. Ancient Jewish traditions say the Ark of the Covenant.
Emma Hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty BrCa1 gene . But in 2007, the mother-of-two, from Bray near Dublin, was diagnosed with breast cancer. Since 2007, Mrs Hannigan, an author, has battled the disease nine times, including facing four bouts in one year.
The book will be called The Shepherd's Crown and will feature Tiffany Aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date, first appearing in The Wee Free Men in 2003.
The Norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw. Ronny Deila and Nir Bitton walk off the pitch after losing to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying .
Kim said that she doesn't want to tell anyone how to parent, but it was important to her as a new mom that she set boundaries and dedicate five to ten percent of her day to herself in order to maintain her sanity.
On being asked what she believes would have happened if she did not stab Mr Polkinghorne, she said she believes she would be dead. 'His family, his father, has had to deal with a lot of anger and hatred. 'He doesn't understand why she had to kill his son, it's only the start of a process, there is no neat ending at all.' Jessica Silva was been found guilty of manslaughter after stabbing her partner James Polkinghorne on Mother's Day in 2012 and was given a 2-year suspended sentence.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death .
Miss Sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the Tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017, the first time voters would have had a say on our place in Europe for 40 years. 'It's if there was an out vote across the UK and Scotland wants to stay in. The First Minister said she had been 'surprised' by messages of support from people in England and Wales who said they wished they could vote SNP. Ed Miliband insisted he would not be held to ransom by the SNP . Brandishing a picture in her manifesto of her hugging a small child on the campaign trail, she asked: 'Do I look like one of the most dangerous women in Britain? Come on! 'But the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, in a House of Commons context, has made the prospect of a minority government a much more viable one.' 'I would have been quite happy to sit next to him,' she said.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members. The sister told the officer that Beam 'stays in the chair located in the bedroom and that she had not moved out of the chair for approximately six months,' according to a police report. When paramedics took Beam out of the chair and put her on the floor, her legs were still bent in a sitting position when the officer arrived.
Chris Smalling says Manchester United have Arsenal and Chelsea in their sights following their resounding victory over champions Manchester City. United are third, eight points behind leaders Chelsea, who they face on Saturday and play second placed Arsenal in their penultimate league game. Smalling is greeted by Juan Mata following his goal in Manchester United's impressive win over their rivals .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . The Briton, mobbed by fans in the paddock, is bidding to win his fourth Chinese Grand Prix . Kimi Raikkonen Ferrari 1:37.662 . Jenson Button  McLaren 1:39.275 . Fernando Alonso  McLaren 1:39.743 . Sebastian Vettel, winner at the Malaysian Grand Prix last time out, was fourth quickest in the second session .
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn (pictured) has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . she said. 'I didn't know it was against the law.'
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW when she lost control over her vehicle on Thursday night. The driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable . Three other passengers were taken to Gosford District Hospital in a stable condition.
‘Singapura’ literally translates to ‘Lion City’ but the reason for the name came about as the founder, Sir Stamford Raffles, supposedly saw a merlion – a mix between a mermaid and a lion – despite lions not even being native to the city at all. Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for it's gambling and temptation - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes .
Northampton ruled George North out of their game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday and sent him to see a neurosurgeon. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night. Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday . Having opted to act in the best interests of their marquee player — despite the importance of a Champions Cup quarter-final in France — the Saints have taken an encouraging step in response to fears about North's long-term health.
Justin Rose finished joint second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month . Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans at TPC Louisiana this week .
The vaccine, developed in Canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. The researchers, whose findings are published in the New England Journal of Medicine, said one jab protects against a disease which has killed more than more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries including Liberia, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, the US and Mali.
Spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years because of new EU rules . Nigel Farage (left) has called for the foreign aid budget to be cut by up to £10billion .
Resignation: Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Bishop Robert Finn who pleaded guilty to failing to report a suspected priestly child abuser . Finn, who leads the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph in Missouri, got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan. Finn pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of failure to report suspected abuse and was sentenced to two years' probation in 2012. It has made him the highest-ranking church official in the U.S. to be convicted of failing to take action in response to abuse allegations.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of McDonald’s, Burger King and Pizza Express, researchers have found . For example, Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat – two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult – which is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
Warrington crashed to a third straight Super League defeat and could be in trouble with the Rugby Football League following crowd trouble in the Cheshire derby. The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the Select Security Stadium, where they have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Dig in: Dave Heeley, pictured with his guide, is the first blind man to finish the Marathon des Sables . In 2008, the father-of-three completed the Seven Magnificent Marathons challenge which saw him finish seven marathons in a week on seven continents.
Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including British band Florence and the Machine, in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats, according to a new report. Beats-ing the competition? Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months. There will be a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99, according to sources, Bloomberg said. TIDAL .
The 24-year-old, who found fame on The Only Way Is Essex, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season. The former TOWIE star says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women . Despite being comfortable in her own skin, Amy has - like many celebrities - faced the wrath of Twitter trolls.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, (pictured) is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . Tragedy: Frances Cappuccini, 30, died from a haemorrhage hours after giving birth to her second son Giacomo on October 9, 2012. Two doctors have been charged with  manslaughter by gross negligence .
Sarah, who came under fire last month after she tweeted 'ten rape prevention tips' aimed at male attackers, says whenever she shares anything 'women's rights related' on social media, including equal pay and health care, she gets 'the most violent hate tweets back'.
Abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . The campaign, which also stars Alice Dellal, has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research funding .
The former Premier League defender said he had 'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years, Gemma. Mr Carlisle tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
A dossier on Lord Janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse that has vanished from the Home Office, it was revealed today. Yesterday the Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders dared her critics to challenge her in court, and said she is not afraid to see the controversial move tested by a High Court judge.
Personal advisor Tola Ore, 32, fitted a high-tech device to her desktop computer which allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank in Palmers Green in north London. Tola Ore, pictured, attached admitted one  count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial .
An object that appears to be fragile (left) is thrown; the workers throw two bags simultaneously (right) Some appear to be quite heavy or wrapped as though they contain fragile objects. In a statement posted on its website Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Civil Aviation (GACA) confirmed that two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced online.
Jenson Button has been penalised for his crash with Pastor Maldonado during Sunday’s Chinese Grand Prix. He was also given two penalty points on his superlicence. Button’s incident capped another disappointing weekend for McLaren with Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso scrapping for the menial places at the back of the field.
There were no apologies from Floyd Mayweather for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali. Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2 in Las Vegas . Mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call . Two days earlier Pacquiao had time for only two words at his conference call before his promoter Bob Arum hung up the phone in frustration at some questions he deemed banal.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. The research, undertaken by Philip Cowley, Professor of Parliamentary Government at Nottingham University, suggests football remains the working man’s game, so long as Labour is the working man’s party. Chelsea are one of just two Premier League clubs whose constituencies do not fall under Labour control. That is Labour.
Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is. THE KITCHEN . A CAFETIERE . Not liquid. SITTING ROOM (NEVER 'THE LIVING ROOM') BOOKS TO DVD RATIO . HOW DID YOU SCORE?
A team of researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. The findings revealed that all those soft toys swabbed showed bacterial growth. Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre, to help minimise the risk of their child suffering a surgical-site infection .
As Diane Sawyer's explosive tell-all with Bruce came to an end last night, his second wife published a blog detailing their love affair, idyllic marriage and the gender dysphoria revelations that led to their divorce after two sons and a seemingly picture perfect Malibu life. writes Linda . And so she tried to cover for Bruce, their father. According to Bruce during his ABC interview, he chickened out of going through with it and stopped taking the hormones. Then he married Kris and stopped seeing his sons, the sons who'd seen his breasts, for years.
Test captain Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket . The Warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for them and rightly deserved his call-up .
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday. Some of the weakness may prove temporary: An unseasonably cold March followed a brutal winter that slowed key sectors of the economy. Last month, the manufacturing, building and government sectors all shed workers. Health care added 22,000 workers. Professional and business services – a sector that includes lawyers, engineers, accountants and office temps – gained 40,000. Wage growth in March remained modest.
Yet Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform and Cuba relations. He holds little appeal to Latino voters.
Tony, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country. But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind. Sabotage: Heartbroken owner Tancock (pictured) believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs . He said: 'They knew exactly what they were looking for.
Enjoying a perfect spring day in New York City, the First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village. Fine dining: The two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course Italian lunch at the restaurant, before getting into a waiting SUV . Happy Mother's Day! His work here is done: Mario Batali, owner of Lupa, jumps on his scooter after serving the two women.
Chelsea are weighing up a move for West Ham striker Enner Valencia. Patrick Bamford has been a huge success at Middlesborough and Chelsea have offered him a new deal . Chelsea have an interest in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling but know it will prove a difficult deal to do.
Married dentist Colin Cromie (left), 49, forced practice nurse Xara Grogan (right), 29, to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her, a tribunal heard . He told Miss Grogan, who had been arguing with her partner, that they were each with the wrong partners and attempted to hug and kiss her. When she turned him down he became ‘increasingly hostile’, treating her to ‘extended silences and outbursts’, according to the tribunal’s official ruling.
Francis, the first pope from Latin America, played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from both U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro.
With 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib, Christy Mack was unrecognisable as she fled her Las Vegas home on August 8, 2014. Around six months later, a male friend Corey Thomas was sleeping in her bed when she says Koppenhaver, who had a spare key, burst in. Then, prosecutors allege, he approached Mack with a kitchen knife. War Machine: Koppenhaver, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, will be tried this fall . The court will resume the case this fall.
Fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat, according to a French judicial source. The investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
James Houlder fell ill while on holiday with his partner Vicki Hood last summer at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh, and is still suffering nine months on . James says he was offered a £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology from First Choice and has now instructed law firm Slater and Gordon to launch a civil case against the travel company, part of the TUI Group.
Jordon Ibe has impressed since returning to Liverpool this season and will sign a new contract this week . Liverpool yesterday agreed a new three-year shirt sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered worth around £30million a year.
Iraqi officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday. Today, his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 'King of Clubs'. He was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup.
It is not uncommon to see Arsenal finish a season with a string of good results. Next year, though, Chelsea won’t have it all their own way and no team is better placed than Arsenal to dislodge them. This is the summer when Arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men. He is now Villa’s captain and has been their best player for the last 18 months.
The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. Austerity! Unveiling the new advert, Ms Bennett said: 'For many years the Establishment parties have been singing from the same hymn sheet.
"His Holiness Francisco" and "Vatican Internet Service, March 2013" were engraved on the back in Spanish and Italian. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity.
Tass reported that the fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute. Prominent in Aboriginal mythology, goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer and Juventus the latest big European club linked with him. Liverpool will listen to offers for Mario Balotelli who has endured a disastrous first season .
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it's description of diggers as 'dole bludgers', rapists and terrorists. One meme posted to the page features the iconic 'handsome soldier' photograph with the words 'You have freedom of speech thanks to us. Stop talking sh*t or we'll f***ing rape you c**t'. said a post to the page.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic – meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on May 30. But the central defender, who also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason, says either the threshold should be raised – or all cards should be wiped from the record for any show-piece final. Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final after picking up his second yellow card .
Sebastien Pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager Tony Pulis, after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the West Brom team. The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine but since he left the club, the left back has found his game time limited.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road after the Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets. Leeds fans will not have any opposition to sing against for the Championship clash on Saturday afternoon . This is now reflected in the respectful treatment received from the majority of clubs we visit.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday to trying — from behind bars — to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather so he could inherit their house . Silicani told the judge he regarded his actions as 'a big error in judgment — I'd take it back if I could.'
A man set a bouncer on fire after he was kicked out of a bar. Surveillance footage at Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie in Miami, Florida, shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on Sunday night.
From underground bunkers and tactical bicycles to heavily armored vehicles, they were taught new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a  natural disaster - and also met some TV stars. They were also greeted by actors from the AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off. Hideout: Scott Stallings, one of PrepperCon's founders, said he had amped up the entertainment with the hope of attracting younger attendees. Bunker: Mr Stallings said that Utah made sense for the first expo because of the Mormon culture's emphasis on food storage and self-reliance.
Two young children have died after a minivan they were playing in on the parking lot of the Arcadia Palms apartment complex in Las Vegas caught fire and exploded (police scene pictured) Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire. They said authorities informed them the pair were related.
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of Brazil and the former Real Madrid defender claims he finds coaching 'very easy' after the pressures he faced as a player. As a player with Brazil, Carlos (right) won the 2002 World Cup held in Japan and South Korea . 'It's very easy,' he explained.
Stefan Stoykov, a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet – and admits he can hardly believe it. He revealed that hard work and the support of his parents had helped him achieve his goals.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at the Britannia Stadium. Morgan Schneiderlin fires Southampton into the lead at the Britannia with a close-range finish .
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
The government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich. The radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes. The German government says the issue was resolved legally years ago. The demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the International Monetary Fund.
But this first meeting of Obama and Castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers), according to a release from Oregon State University, whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study. It said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the "warm breeding waters near the equator and the colder food-rich waters of the Arctic and Antarctic regions."
Apparently, the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus, and this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The founder of the Facebook group would like to see the statue replaced with a new one outside a planned Comedy Hall of Fame in Jamestown, home to the Lucy-Desi Museum & Center for Comedy and the annual Lucille Ball Comedy Festival. "This statue in Celoron is not fixable.
Serena Williams handed USA the lead against Italy with a first victory in the Fed Cup . 15 Sara Errani. Williams defeated Camila Giorgi 7-6, 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy .
Saint-Etienne's Max Gradel (right) celebrates after making no mistake from the spot for the leveller . St Etienne took the lead against 10-man Lyon through midfielder Romain Hamouma (left) Lyon are level on points with reigning champions Paris St Germain, who have a game in hand, while their opponents sit eight points further back in fifth.
Both William and Kate, whose second child is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week . In the childrens’ department, Kate bought Prince George a few gifts, including a set of padded blue and white gingham hangers, some picnic cutlery and tumblers with polka dots. On Wednesday her husband, Prince William, was spotted in Chelsea department store Peter Jones, where he snapped up £800 of men’s clothing including trendy jeans and jumpers – clearly keen to take his mind off the wait too.
Barry Lyttle (pictured left) has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick (right) grievous bodily harm . The brothers from Belfast in Ireland (pictured here as children) went on a night out on January 3 in Kings Cross .
Since then, it's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement. Each day, the protesters call Hyman and he either carries the angel-winged artwork to the protest, or the protesters come over to his home to pick it up.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal, claiming it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger. He added: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. The date for work on that accord to be completed is June 30.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a ‘religious nutcase’  when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist, after her colleague Enya Nawaz, then aged 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity. Miss Wasteney will be represented in court by human rights barrister Paul Diamond, and her appeal is supported by the Christian Legal Centre, according to The Sunday Times.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure. Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent (pictured) The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur at least 22 hours after the quake struck, the newspaper Kathmandu Today reported.
Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriage-free, with everyone happily single.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC. The couple reportedly told staff they wanted a baby girl to 'complete their family'. There were also fears last year that the boy may have been sold.
Craig Gardner hailed a 'massive' win for West Brom at Crystal Palace on Saturday as the Baggies eased their relegation fears. The Welshman left Palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over at the Hawthorns - with three points in south London crucial having seen his side lose their last three in the Premier League.
Former two-weight world champion Haye, 34, was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque  was down to an administrative error. Haye has not been seen in the boxing ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012.
Challenged about claims senior Tories are 'posh boys', Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, insisted they were only 'standing up for people at the top'. But sharing a breakfast TV sofa with her was Mr Osborne, who said that as they both went to St Paul's School in London, 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin'.
Veteran dance DJ Pete Tong (left) will bring club classics to the Royal Albert Hall for this year's Proms.
Bling: Becky Schoenig was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing (above) Theft: The brand new 2015 Ford Fusion (above) had been stolen from her driveway Monday . Racer: She took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me....
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes has been jailed for 16 months after he plundered the accounts of Tidworth Town Football Club, where he volunteered as club secretary. He made out 70 bogus rent payments to an account he'd set up in the name of landlord Aspire Defence, which was not charging the club rent.
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa. READY FOR HILLARY? STARTING GUN: The former first lady faces no substantial competition – yet – for the Democratic nomination in 2016 . In a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign, Clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book 'Hard Choices' why she decided to take the presidential leap. In the excerpt, released Friday to the Huffington Post, she describes how becoming a grandmother inspired her 'to see the world in new ways' and made her realize that 'there was so much more to do.'
Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager, 33, laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting . Scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop. Slager can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 .
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday morning in Wembley. He was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton, where he had been replaced by Hassan Anyabwile from Trinidad and Tobago. The  name of Mr Anyabwile, 53, appears in Caribbean parliament documents surrounding a violent coup attempt in 1990 by Muslim group Jamaat al Muslimeen. Mr Arwani was found dead on Wednesday with bullet wounds in his chest . When contacted today another member of staff at the mosque refused to answer questions about Mr Arwani's time there.
The 25-year-old is out of their pivotal Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu after suffering a calf injury early on in their 3-1 win against Malaga at the weekend. Gareth Bale took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish Real Madrid good luck against city rivals Atletico . Real Madrid C.F.'
Richard Johnson rejoices in unspoiled Kefalonia . We were staying first at the superb Villa Hephaestus. From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island, where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach (pictured) is found . The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent, so we decided to stay home in the evenings and explore during the day. Fiscardo, once a remote fishing port, has been transformed into a world-class yachting centre, with smart restaurants and boutiques jostling for every inch of the quayside.
Changes: Mark Dawe, head of the OCR exam board, said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'. It includes knowledge, therefore we do have to test what children are carrying the in their heads.'
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout, which included references to terrorism and beheadings, wasn't approved by administrators. A Muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations and they complained to the school .
According to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise, women regret their career choices more so than men. Women were also more likely to feel like their relationships had held them back in their careers.
The performance of Jimmy Anderson on the last morning of the second Test was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer. If he can bring his old calmness to the start of his innings as an opener, England will have a very good player back in the side.
She's the focus of Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together." The underlying themes of "Apart Together" include the feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for a valuable human dignity.
Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden may look like the epitome of good health today, but the 44-year-old has revealed that she has fought through dark times to get here. Amanda Holden, 44, stuns on her cover shoot for the June 2015 issue of Good Housekeeping .
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club . Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership under Neilson's stewardship .
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US, despite their world-record deal with adidas. adidas are the new sponsors in a £750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July .
But researchers have discovered the Bombardier beetle mimics this powerful weapon by mixing chemicals in an internal 'reaction chamber' in its stomach. When threatened, the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'. As the chemicals pass through a valve into the reaction chamber, they mix with enzymes and explosively liberate oxygen gas, water vapor and heat, propelling a hot, noxious spray down the nozzle and out the exit pore.
The staff member handed over a quantity of cash which the robber placed in a bag, along with the fake firearm, and made his exit from the store. Other customers were in the store at the time of the robbery, however no one was injured during the incident.
The youngster, who was on the second day of a holiday, was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival. India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai (file picture) She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff when the tragedy unfolded.
Senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place since the last temporary "doc fix" had already expired. GOP presidential contender Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky voted for the bill.
Scarred: Asabi Barner, 37 (pictured), is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred . The damage: Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1 . Barner is currently in the process of suing Black Ink, claiming the shop is responsible for her pain through reckless, careless and negligent behavior.
Shocking: A Turkish court had imposed the blocks because photographs of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz. Access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove photographs of the deadly siege, which Turkey has branded 'anti-government propaganda'.
Although St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital. But it is understood that the Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn, Norfolk, have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby.
The man named as a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyrrell was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite authorities being aware of allegations he raped two young girls in 1987. 'Someone... needs to be held accountable,' she told The Australian. While the Ombudsman confirmed it will be 'making inquires' into the accused sex offender's living situation, police are expected to lay more charges against Spedding and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring. Margaret Spedding was pictured leaving Port Macquarie court on Thursday after her husband was refused bail .
It has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992 . The data collection did not however allow DEA investigators access to the actual content of calls, just the numbers dialed and time of the calls were all recorded. It was around this time that the DEA program was approved, with President George H.W.
Using high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles, biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement. The octopus was found to move by pushing with its legs rather than pulling while it could move in any direction regardless of the position of its body - something that humans find extremely difficult to do without falling over . Speaking to the BBC, Dr Levy said the findings could help develop robots that can squeeze into difficult to reach spaces.
Pence is making the right call. A few simple words have the potential to completely change the conversation, send an important message about the value of equality, and make Indiana into a shining beacon of cooperation: the real "crossroads of America."
But experts have warned the disease is not the only health danger associated with the pursuit of an artificial year-round tan. 'Ultraviolet light can theoretically kill germs, but it's not enough to kill germs on the tanning bed,' Professor Davies warned. Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
Three points were all that separated Barnet from the Conference title, and two goals from Mauro Vilhete ensured Martin Allen’s fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful. Barnet clinched a return to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence . Barnet fans invade the pitch after the final whistle as their team win promotion back to the Football League .
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal Service on Saturday at the Tobecks' request.
The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS (tape-delayed on the West Coast) from Radio City Music Hall. Kristin Chenoweth, a nominee for "On the 20th Century," and recent "Cabaret" star Alan Cumming are set to host the ceremony. Best Play . "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" Author: Simon Stephens . "Hand to God" Author: Robert Askins . "Wolf Hall Parts One & Two" Co-Authors: Hilary Mantel and Mike Poulton .
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls, pictured giving a speech in Glasgow today, has repeatedly refused to rule out using the point at which the higher income tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance the books . Chancellor George Osborne said: 'Ed Balls has let the cat out of the bag and confirmed a tax assault on middle earners. The Conservatives go into the election pledging to raise the threshold for paying 40p tax from £41,865 to £50,000 by 2020. But Labour says the policy is a £7billion unfunded tax cut at a time when billions are needed in spending cuts.
(CNN)Pushed to his limits, a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class. The flurry of attention is unwelcome and Horwitz fears it will affect his career in academia.
The TV host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show Have I Got News For You later this month. It is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon, one of the show's producers, over a steak dinner.
Builder Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire for his Christmas party when he agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. However, when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered, shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh. 'This is an incident that started out as a joke but didn't end up that way', he added. However Recorder Hamlin spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year as well as a 12-month curfew.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday. Scroll Down for Video . Evidence: The illegally landed craft  was piloted by Florida mailman Doug Hughes to protest against government corruption and to promote campaign finance reform .
Gabriel, who co-owns a video production company with a fellow cinematographer, filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand, during a solo trip to visit family.
Brazil's World Cup stadium in Natal is up for sale as the company that owns it is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal. Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS, with the company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London Irish. Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli following their efforts for the Dark Blues during the RBS Six Nations.
In his own statement, Loeb said he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term, but he doesn't want any money from the egg donor. Vergara said. Are these embryos alive?"
For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call!
Voting record: Knight was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform . ‘Over this past weekend, I lost my cool and I regret responding the way I did.’ The group that staged Friday’s protest, Save Our State, has been accused of having ties to white supremacists, reported Politico.
When the red ute pulled in front of the vehicle at a red light, three young people got out to confront the threatened driver. The ute motorist has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine. Police are now investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon, A Current Affair reports.
(CNN)Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones. See scenes from Nepal after the earthquake .
Rory McIlroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 Masters on Thursday . McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta . McIlroy (left) chats with Tiger Woods, who is ranked 111th in the world at present, at the course on Wednesday .
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton.
The South African, whose announcement as Jon Stewart's replacement surprized many last month, was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick. Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host. Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series .
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday. The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city.
The neurosurgeon, who is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake, performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. Following the operation, she is 'doing well', Gupta said, 'but her story is unfortunately very typical'. More than 4,300 people are believed to have been killed in the earthquake, but Nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10,000 could have died.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say.
Acceptance: New York teen Daria Rose (photographed) lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools . Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin, which was destroyed, ABC News reports. Rose wrote about her Hurricane Sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope.
The socialite, writing in the Daily Telegraph, said that she ate whale at the £123-a-night Juvet Landscape Hotel (pictured) Ms Middleton said that the dinner was cooked by Knut, the hotel’s owner. Vanessa Williams-Grey, of Whale and Dolphin Conservation, said: ‘It might have been better for Pippa to take a whale watch trip in Norway.
Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia . As the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air, the mob of emus started coming closer . It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu - whose meat was highly valued for its oils.
Leah Williamson (centre) stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against Norway . Williamson blows a kiss to the crowd as Mo Marley's side look ahead to this summer's tournament . England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier on Saturday . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . Since this odd chain of events stemmed from an infringement of the game's laws, UEFA's disciplinary committee did exactly the right thing in instructing for it to be replayed.
The Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election, but claimed they would back the party this time. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded.’ David Cameron has admitted he will have failed as Tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election .
Scott went under the knife last week but he has now been told he will have to be operated on again . The Scotland international has managed just 14 games for club and country in the past year .
Charlie Daniels (right) fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 4-2 to Bournemouth . Goals: Donaldson 18, Cotterill 21 . Callum Wilson rounds Birmingham keeper Darren Randolph to draw Bournemouth level . Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe had plenty to smiles about as his side returned to the top of the table .
Many people are still ignorant of the dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns to highlight risks, a report says (file picture) More than 70 per cent of Britons rightly identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning and most know it should be cooked until all the pink bits are done.
The region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals, according to maps based on data from the World Bank. Indonesia - 184 . Mexico - 101 . Madagascar is second on the list with 114 endangered mammals, with threats particularly facing lemurs and the region's shrew tenrecs.
And, shockingly, an even greater number said their children would not know the difference between 999 and 911, the emergency number in the US. But nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top before Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root, making it a very happy St George's Day in St George's, Grenada. Joe Root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada .
Dangerous work: Local villagers work on renewing the Keshwa Chaca - the last Inca rope bridge - in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru . The Keshwa Chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night. Left with no time to get to the hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home - and Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
The youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia is also committed to improving working conditions in Cambodia, where his heritage lies. And that's exactly where he takes his inspiration from, citing his parents' escape from the Khmer Rouge as the key reason for his commitment to looking after workers in his family's home country, and ethically producing his products.
Where are the Cape Verde Islands? Former Barcelona star Henrik Larsson could have played for Cape Verde as his mother was born on the island .
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia but experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. However, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term - especially if the child turns out to be a girl.
UFC women's champion Ronda Rousey reinforced her support for Manny Pacquiao in his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather as she paid a visit to the Filipino's Los Angeles training camp. Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas .
Three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in Russia. The horrifying incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
She lay awake, she says, in a village mosque on the Yemeni island of Birim, counting explosions as the baby cried. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. Her two daughters are trapped back in Yemen, in Taiz.
But one unlucky woman from New York had a craving for something rather unusual and potentially very damaging - rocks. For Silvia, star of the series My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica, an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. Silvia's partner Estevan is worried about her and what her rock eating habit is doing to their unborn child .
Chelsea can take another step closer towards securing the Premier League title when they face Arsenal on Sunday, and Jose Mourinho's side stepped up their preparations for the Emirates showdown in training on Friday. Chelsea trained at their base in Cobham on Friday ahead of their game against Arsenal . Mourinho has never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 previous meetings between the pair .
Janet Muller was discovered dead in the boot of a burning car by firefighters. The 21-year-old died as a result of smoke inhalation .
The former head of the NHS warned Labour yesterday that its failure to match Tory pledges to invest in the Health Service would leave it in a ‘financial hole’. He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Labour leader Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the UK if he becomes Prime Minister. He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow, as he attempts to fight back in Scotland – a key General Election battleground.
The furious backlash against the UK’s top prosecutor intensified last night over her decision to spare Lord Janner from the dock. Campaigners, police and MPs have accused Alison Saunders, the director of Public Prosecutions, of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of a cover-up over her decision to spare Lord Janner .
C.J. Miles scored 25 points during his side's vital win over the Washington Wizards . The Los Angeles Lakers won their final game of the regular season by defeating Phoenix Suns .
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world, but it remains full of mystery for the average traveller. MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes. To reduce the risk of food poisoning, the captain and co-pilot usually eat different meals, said Mr Applegarth. ‘Water vapour, strange as it might seem, is a by-product of the combustion within jet engines, which is where the humidity comes from.’ 'Not even the world's strongest man would be able to open' a plane door in mid-air, said one expert .
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell - also known as Khalid Rashad - (left) has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences. His sister is Liz Mitchell (right),  lead singer of the 1970s band Boney M . Leslie Cooper, left, has appeared in court charged with murdering iman Abdul Hadi Arwani, right. Alongside Mr Mitchell is a 53-year-old woman arrested on Thursday morning on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final encounter on Sunday with the competition both sides' last chance to win any silverware this season. The Holland international and Nathan Baker (right) will be hoping to do likewise against the Reds at Wembley .
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions, having defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. Scotland, meanwhile, have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life. The injured brother, 16-year-old Trevor, attended the boys' funeral at St. James the Apostle Catholic Church in a wheelchair on Wednesday, while his divorced parents, Helen Campochiaro and Luis Pimentel, were seen receiving hugs from well-wishers  before the service. The single mother to four boys was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings . 'She was a single mom with four boys. 'She just had it (a gun) for protection.' Appeal: Helen Campichiaro set up this Go Fund Me page asking for financial help the day before the shooting .
Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso (left) says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . He joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the King Power Stadium . There's a quarter of the Premier League left.
For those who like their Easter with all the trimmings can expect to spend around three and a half hours on the squash court for women and just under three hours for men, before they’ll be able to burn off a large bunny which adds around 11060 kilojules to your daily calorie intake. Fruit hot cross buns  will have you hitting the pavement for an hour- and that's if you forgo the generous layer of butter!
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job but insisted his one problem is that he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media. Mourinho says his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media .
The singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. 'I was bedridden for five months. 'There were definitely times I couldn't shower for a full week because I could barely stand,' she continued. The tick normally has to be attached to the host for 36 hours to transfer the infection. Ill: Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster also suffers from the disease .
A parolee who crashed into and killed a newlywed mother while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit apologized to her husband as he was sentenced to at least 20 years' in jail. Francesca Weatherhead (pictured) was killed when parolee John McCallum collided with her vehicle while fleeing police .
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears (left) was disciplined last week for posing with Snoop Dogg . Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges' After his publicist took the photo, Snoop - whose real name is Calvin Broadus - posted it to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg'.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers were feared missing yesterday as the death toll in the Nepal earthquake reached 2,500. On Everest, survivors described running for their lives as a ‘tsunami’ of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on Base Camp. Aftershocks set off a series of further avalanches, prompting fears for the Britons among the hundreds of climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes. In Kathmandu and Pokhara, bodies lay among the rubble as buildings were reduced to matchsticks and tent cities were erected to provide shelter for the hundreds of thousands left homeless.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. Stunned: Mum Gitte Denteneer took to Twitter to express her shock at the charged levied for the bottle-warming .
Dele Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino next season and believes Tottenham are the 'perfect' club for him. Alli has yet to feature for Spurs having been immediately loaned back to his boyhood club, where he has continued to impress - so much so that on Sunday he was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year. The talented midfielder's performances led to Tottenham signing him for £5million in January transfer window .
Police in Garissa on Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said had carried out the attack. Anger seethed in the crowd. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also had some harsh words Saturday for Al-Shabaab, as well as any those who supported them. Five arrested in Kenya attack .
Wider family: Pippa, behind Kate, posed for Prince George's official christening in October 2013 . Matriarch: Carole Middleton has made no secret of her desire to be a hands-on grandmother . EMILIA JARDINE-PATERSON . Close connection: David and Emila Jardine-Paterson are old school friends of William and Kate . ALICIA FOX-PITT . 'All being well she will be in the boat.
It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman. But attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court after objections fromthe Beverly Hills Polo Club. Too similar: Logo for the Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club .
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside . The Talibs left the area in a Range Rover and a Jaguar and went to the XTC Cabaret. Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence. 'I was there. Talib, who owned both weapons.
United boss Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Carrick's contribution to the team . Van Gaal has identified Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor to Carrick . MICHAEL CARRICK .
'I didn't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like 'Oh my God',' said the 21-year-old, speaking at a Kick It Out session at a school in Liverpool. Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals .
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition .
Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms and that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the issue. Ramsey is operating as the only black manager in the Premier League as he looks to keep QPR up .
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million. The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica. The Rudds were also disappointed when they sold the building block, which overlooks the city and the river, at a significant loss for just $1,751,000. They will now make their luxury Noosa home their base .
Twice French Open champion Serena Williams said her struggle to beat Sara Errani in the Fed Cup on Sunday had been a real 'eye-opener' as the claycourt season gets into full swing. World No 1 Williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 against the dogged Italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 but the American was not impressed.
The UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world. One group based in southern England was headed by Neil Gilbert, 42, who made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers. And their family members and friends were recruited to assist with the massive criminal enterprise.
The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin, and they risk being kicked off the flight if they don’t comply. Passengers' hand luggage will be searched before they board at Glasgow Prestwick Airport, said the airline .
Sending post to space is problematic, so when a teenager from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her astronaut father, she had to be creative. 11 cars wrote the message in the dusty land in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake using coordinates and a helicopter.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is one of the icons of the Cold War - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the Rockies meant to be impervious to a Soviet nuclear barrage. The entire complex is designed to withstand a direct hit by a 30 megaton nuclear explosion and has 25-ton blast doors surrounding the complex.
It found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
A woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in Bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of Australia. Roxy Walsh, 34, met with the ecstatic owners, Joe and Jenny Langley, in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching. Ms Walsh found the ring at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday and decided to take to social media .
Sunderland are trailing former Wigan striker Franco di Santo. The Bundesliga side want £8million for the 26-year-old who Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows well from his time at Chelsea.
The Parole Board is reviewing the case of a murderer who was the first man to be convicted on the basis of DNA evidence. Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Dog Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah in Eype, Dorset, last week when the she fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb. The border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall, including a 100ft vertical drop, in Eype, Dorset, but her owner had no way of reaching her. Coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . After Ms Tipper put up missing dog posters, Molly was identified by a dog walker three days after going missing.
Ronny Deila has called for Caley Thistle’s Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish Cup Final ban despite his controversial handball. Meekings (right) celebrates Inverness's 3-2 win over Celtic in their Scottish Cup semi-final . Whoever wins the league is the best team. ‘Some of the decisions were quite bizarre.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs (left) after eating four takeaways a week  - and she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day. She was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs (she is pictured, left, before her weight loss). Medical experts warned her blood pressure was dangerously high at 145/90, a major risk factor for heart disease or a stroke.
Opening its mouth, the Shibu Inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky – leaning back in its handler’s arm – whines. Later in the video the excited Shibu Inu begins running in its owner's arms in its attempts to get closer to the husky.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox , a former Georgia State mid-amateur champion, reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. And on Friday Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round.
Mountford then describes the island as 'the sex tourism capital of the ancient Aegean'. The programme examines the life and legacy of the female poet Sappho, who lived on the island around 600BC.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. Commanding officer Rear Adm. Brad Williamson says Russia's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises.
'I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions, you are not HANDICAPPED! Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner - either side of Charlie Adam's 65-yard strike - in Saturday's 2-1 win over Stoke which saw the Blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the standings. Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard insists his side are close to getting their hands on the Premier League title . We want to bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge.'
Tony Fernandes spoke of his despair after his Queens Park Rangers team twice threw away a lead against Aston Villa, with the Rangers chairman watching the scenes at Villa Park from afar on his iPhone. Fernandes revealed that Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday's visit of Chelsea and that Yun Suk-young would also return after that game.
Here are some of the problems plaguing Kenya's security efforts. Kenyatta's government, which is Christian dominated, has wielded an abusive hand against ethnic Somalis and other Muslims in Kenya, CFR and Human Rights Watch both have said.
On a catwalk in Xi'an in China models strutted their stuff in gold underwear, it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history . The items however were produced as a work of art and not intended for sale.
Ford showcased its £260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in the heart of Milan as the first models are shipped to China . The interactive installation was placed in Milan's Piazza de Fidele where it remained throughout design week . The model was showcased for the first time at the International Auto Show in Detroit earlier this year (above) The car has up-swinging doors and 600 horsepower.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal. The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
The 10 tonne fatberg, which was discovered beneath one of Chelsea's most exclusive streets after residents complained of a rancid smell . The enormous lump, which was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes, was found beneath Draycott Avenue and Walton Street in West London, pictured .
An American transgender woman is preparing to move to the UK to marry a bride she has never met in order to fulfil a 'lifelong dream' of becoming a British citizen. She added that she feels the nation is more accepting of 'people like her'.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother. Neighbours said he 'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police, the Local reports.
Junior . After his call to 911 cut out, Junior started banging on the ceiling of the cargo hold and passengers and crew heard, prompting the flight to turn around . Junior says he is sorry for the passengers whose flight to Los Angeles he delayed . Junior's cries for help were so loud that passengers and crew members heard and the plane was turned around after just 14 minutes in the air. Junior is currently still employed at Menzies, but he has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines flights - one of the biggest airlines that fly our of Sea-Tac Airport.
That's when police found the body of the 3-year-old girl, who had apparently been dead "for at least a few weeks," according to police.
Frenchman Ribery is not yet fully fit following a five-week absence with an ankle injury while Schweinsteiger has had a virus for the past few days. Medhi Benatia, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Arjen Robben had already been sidelined by injuries.
Saved: Dozens of migrants are brought ashore at Corigliano harbor in Italy after they were rescued from a shipwreck which killed 400 others . As the survivors were brought ashore, Amnesty International accused the EU for scrapping rescue operations in the Mediterranean .
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) as part of its Reactions series. It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. These include how to get streak-free windows, remove red wine stains from carpets (pictured) and clean stubborn food stains from counter tops and hard surfaces .
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. 'So we're moving in the right direction, and I'm already surprised we are racing cars. Button appreciates the cooler air in Shanghai could have an effect.
Wigan Warriors forward Ben Flower admitted that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final every day. Flower was handed a six-month ban for his brutal attack and was the first man to be sent off in the Grand Final .
The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays. Parents should not doubt our resolve to do this,’ Mr Giles added. On Monday night 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police . They said incidences of rock throwing had calmed down and that it wasn't a ‘regular occurrence’.
Residents from Alderholt, Dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. Residents of the picturesque Dorset village described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey for ‘unprofessional and inappropriate conduct’ two weeks ago. ‘Mr Gale vehemently denies he behaved inappropriately towards any student and no such finding was made.
Mitchell Keenan, with his father Keith, who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent . Mr Keenan's toes, which eventually had to be amputated after he caught frostbite from living in a tent during winter after being evicted from his home .
The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ‘non life-threatening injuries’, Drobnik said following a collision with another vehicle. If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman. Jones is currently scheduled to defend his 205-pound title against Anthony Johnson next month at UFC 187.
Property portfolio: Sol Campbell and his wife Fiona . A former home of James Bond author Ian Fleming, the luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £6.75million. It has since been extensively renovated by his wife, an interior designer and granddaughter of Barratt Homes founder Sir Lawrie Barratt.
Sarah Brady (right) with her husband former White House Press Secretary Jim Brady in Washington, DC in 2011. Mrs Brady died Friday from pneumonia. The advocate died in Virginia from pneumonia.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II (shown). They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage. Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past. Following the winter closure, a new sign outside the Sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today,' followed by three smiley faces. However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the Brazilian heat . Located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, the private island boasts stunning surroundings . Ilha de Mana is a 15-minute boat ride from Paraty, and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from Rio de Janeiro . Four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom (the island has its own water supply), and provide access to a communal lounge, bar and wooden terrace.
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, thought she had found her soulmate when she met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012. But the hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on Facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany insists that UEFA’s Financial Fair Play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust. Ahead of the Manchester derby on Sunday, Kompany has hit back at the FFP rulings, claiming they prevent other teams challenging the established sides at the upper echelons of the game.
Boris Johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party after David Cameron. The London Mayor, pressed on his leadership ambitions by Sky News anchor Kay Burley, insisted the position would not become vacant for five years.
Yazidi girls who slipped ISIS after its siege of Mount Sinjar describe how they were sent to slave warehouses along with hundreds of other women. In Nigeria, Boko Haram also has a very specific approach to women. And if you want to build a new society, you need more than soldiers.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over Manchester United and all that mattered to him was achieving a positive result. The Blues, who secured victory through forward Eden Hazard's first-half strike, held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at Stamford Bridge -  their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006.
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action at the metro station in central Philadelphia when elderly Alfred McNamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails. To the rescue: After he realized that McNamee had fallen, Collins jumped onto the tracks after him .
Sheriff Stanley Glanz told a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris by reserve deputy Robert Bates on April 2 . The sheriff said both have received threats and have been reassigned for their own safety. Sheriff Glanz said he doesn't believe reports that Bates' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident .
Newcastle boss John Carver is set to strip Fabricio Coloccini (above) of the club captaincy this summer . Daryl Janmaat will be given the honour during the summer with Carver labelling him as 'outstanding' Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month’s 3-0 defeat at Everton and landed a three-match ban which ruled him out of the Tyne-Wear derby.
A house in Dungog in NSW's Hunter Valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone . Footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it. Another recording of a house filmed far away from its usual address was taken by Tianna Brien, who spotted a houseboat being swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death, after Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife. Mark is a nurse and a good man and a loving father.'
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province - commonly known as 'The Tiger Temple' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their huge feline pets.
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek (pictured in a portrait ) used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . Draped in a black cloth, Vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura, an ancestor of the photographic camera.
A report to the French government is urging eateries and customers to embrace 'le doggy bag' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year. Throwing still-edible food away, the study continues, costs the average French  household €400 (£285) a year.
Sally and Stephen Morley (pictured with their daughter Pixie) are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology . The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident. The incident took place on Friday when the actor was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel (file photo above)
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club. The  French midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham this summer .
Ms Ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability.'
Gloucestershire Road Police tweeted this picture of the van, along with a warning to other drivers to take care on country roads.
Wayne Rooney (right) has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby . 1) Manchester United 2-1 Manchester City, February 2011, Rooney overhead kick . Rooney scored a stoppage time winner to send United through to the Carling Cup final at Wembley . Paul Scholes headed home an injury time to keep his side in the hunt for the Premier League title .
Tony Hunt, from Normanton in Derby, is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter's cat Harry had been hit by a patrol car and 'disposed of' Mr Hunt spent two days putting up ‘lost cat’ posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager. Mr Hunt is outraged as the three-year-old ginger cat (pictured) was micro-chipped so officers could easily have contacted the family .
Mother of three Erica Leeder allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer. On March 26 the Calista woman appeared at Fremantle Magistrates Court on the arrest warrant and assaulting a police officer charges. She was refused bail and remanded in custody.
It won't be easy and could explain why City – who have slumped to fourth in the league – are being linked with less glamorous names like Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell. Scott Sinclair (left) and Jack Rodwell are two English players who were bought by Manchester City .
Cody Neatis, eight, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection but has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor as the hospital doesn't have a suitable bed for him to sleep in . Cody has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. Cody's mother says she has been battling the hospital for a special bed ever since Cody was forced to stay there two years ago in 2013 .
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley looked embarassed when the two contestants  came up with the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game (pictured) as host Nick Hewer failed to stifle his laughter .
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement . Samantha Fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5 .
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as Barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis. Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing. But yesterday chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees.
Juventus have made a move for Paulo Dybala, the Palermo striker who has caught the eye of Manchester United and Arsenal, according to reports in Italy.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality. One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus.
Mr Lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel, including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property. He said: 'It also creates something rather positive; perhaps the idea of a blank projection screen for our desires and wants, and for all our imaginings.'
Landlord: Despite attacking right to buy, Emily Thornberry has three homes . But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
Paula McKay, centre, has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £13 million compensation for her two children Natasha, 24, left and Patrick, 22, right. After she was starved of oxygen at birth, Natasha was diagnosed with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
Iran's Revolutionary Guards 'harassed' a US-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors, it has emerged. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said. Officials claimed the order was issued following a 'long running commercial dispute' with Maersk. The shipping group A.P.
Christine says she's glad to have forged a close bond with Frank's two daughters Isla (centre) and Luna (right), but admits that it has been a slow and carefully thought-out process . The TV presenter says she'll never become a typical WAG and has a low-maintenance beauty routine .
Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16 and training with the Reading youth team. The 42-year-old believes those experiences as a youngster have helped him to nurture the talents of the likes of Sterling, who has already made 120 appearances for Liverpool at the tender age of 20.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. Useing a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG), it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our TV screens. If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
President Barack Obama arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
According to a new survey by student newspaper The Tab, 11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins.
The children even got to attend a meeting with the security service’s director-general Andrew Parker. Jamie, 13, Reuben, 13, and ten-year-old Finley were selected after a series of ‘difficult’ tests to show they are young spies in the making. It comes at a time when the UK’s intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from Al Qaeda, Islamic State and Russia.
Conor McGregor has claimed he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. McGregor, who is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo in July, said Mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing.
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal said that his players could not match Everton's motivation .
Hedge row: Anthony Bethell and St John's College, Oxford are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes, with a court case likely to cost £150,000 . Expensive: Both Mr Bethell and St John's College have spent £80,000 in legal fees in total so far .
Evicted: Hayley Sandiford has been told that postman terroriser Winston must leave her home this month or she will lose her house . Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood. He is not a danger - I wouldn't have him near my kids. 'Unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves.
From Shailene Woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to Kate Moss submerging her face in cucumber water, it seems the stars' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen.
The colder weather is set to last the first half of May - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25C (77F) mark. Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms. Early forecasts for the Bank Holiday weekend suggest the North East will see the best weather into Saturday - but could still be hit by showers.
Dikembe Mutombo, an eight-times NBA All-Star who was famous for swatting away opponents' shots and wagging his finger at them, was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks .
The director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series, which stars Peter Capaldi and is screened in 50 countries, to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland and the vessel was badly damaged. This week RAF Typhoons were launched to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, from Middlesborough, appeared on This Morning, with her daughter, Aimee, now 19 . ‘I think justice has now been done. Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer was accused of 'freestyle lying' in his version of events . 'It was horrendous.'
Tottenham have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks ahead of a potential summer swoop. Everton forward Kevin Mirallas is also on the White Hart Lane radar, celebrating against Burnley .
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Ed Miliband’s party, swelling Labour’s election war chest for the last 14 days of the campaign. Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12 – more than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512. The Liberal Democrats, meanwhile, were given just £50,000 and Ukip £8,000, according to figures from the Electoral Commission.
The Prime Minister this morning faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far, as Tory donors rounded on the party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in the polls. But a defiant Mr Cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare. Scroll down for video . Mr Cameron's remarks comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader.
The 28 minute movie in which a woman, dressed as a school girl, has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex. He apologised for a second time for any offence caused.
Sultan asked the jury. They're accused of killing Lloyd. He's charged with murder ... and that he did not do." He will be tried in that case after the Lloyd trial.
Ms Gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her Melbourne company, Kidproof Safety, and completely ignore the bully. 'But I tell the children to instead follow 'ICE' and Ignore, Communicate and Exit.' Much like a Troller, a 'flamer' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction.
Sam Cam, 43, a huge fan of British designers, showed her commitment to UK brands once again by plumping for the Hampton dress. The company behind the frock has a flagship store in Clerkenwell and was founded by Polly McMaster. Other celebrity fans include Davina McCall and Amanda Holden. Listening intently: Samantha looked comfortable in her emerald green wrap dress .
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. Dorsey said being barred from using the exercise room smacked of second-class citizenship for the rent-stabilized tenants who occupy about 60 percent of the more than 400 apartments in the complex on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Market-rate apartments go for $3,500 a month for one-bedroom units, which advertise granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances and close proximity to Whole Foods.
The Cardiff University study noted most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers, suggesting they are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits .
But Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and the folks at Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise.
Arsene Wenger has a look in the direction of Jose Mourinho during the stalemate at the Emirates . Having just made it sound like some kind of Premier League Mayweather vs Pacquiao match up, in fact both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews. The race was yet to be run. And a description of John Terry’s performance as ‘from the moon.’ Mourinho patrols the touchline as the Chelsea boss saw his side take another step toward the title .
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility, plus some tips on how to prepare them... AVOCADOS .
He was asked in an interview with the Economist magazine why Lib Dem support had 'collapsed' in the last five years. He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take any 'responsibility'. Cuts: Public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts, he claimed . A Tory source said: 'This sums Nick Clegg. He is like a petulant child.'
Ronny Deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the Premiership with victory at St Mirren – then hit out at the state of pitches in Scotland. But the pitches in Scotland are terrible. ‘It’s better to play on an artificial surface than this.
The team bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at  on Saturday night. Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone. It said security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit, averting an accident.
Jemma Gawned, who appeared on the first season of the Australian Big Brother in 2001, now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties . For ten years she tried to get Jemma Cosmetics off the ground, but hit financial trouble and had to fold .
Marla and her daughter Sierra moved to Houston, Texas, so she could she could work with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan, but following her surgery and a lengthy stay in the hospital, she was discharged because of her lack of cooperation. Making dinner: Marla, who was unable to get out of bed, had a table brought to her so she could fry some chicken . Emotional eating: Marla explained that she turned to food for comfort after her ex-boyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage when she was in her early 20s .
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer. Meanwhile, forgotten man Facundo Ferreyra replaced De Jong at the break.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. The France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy French club from Sevilla in 2013. They remain in the frame for James Milner and Danny Ings.
After a long entertainment career, he moved back to Iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons. He now works for an advertising agency and lives in Waterloo. Freshman Republican Rep. Rod Blum currently represents the district, which covers the northeastern part of the state. Kroeger was a cast member on SNL from 1982 to 1985.
The Reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since the Premier League began in 1992, while champions-elect Chelsea are third with 29. They have had just 11 players named since 1992 – the same as Leeds United – with only Shaun Wright-Phillips coming before Sheik Mansour's takeover in 2008. Liverpool (23) 8 – Steven Gerrard .
For the first time since November 23, 2013 United sit above 'noisy neighbours' Manchester City in the Premier League after having played the same number of games. Following City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night they now trail Louis van Gaal's side by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Wayne Rooney (centre) scored a stunning half-volley as  United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday .
Holiday: Frances Clarkson, 53, spent the Easter Bank Holiday weekend with family and friends in Barbados . Relax: The 53-year-old has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson . Distant: The BBC announced last month they were dropping her estranged husband from the hit motoring show after a 'fracas' involving a Top Gear producer .
The Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English and understood Britain's legal system. The controversial remarks come after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back. He said: 'Sometimes have to say things in a way to get noticed, of that there's no question.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London. It is understood that Neil Redfearn and the medical team were unaware of the players' injuries .
This week the world has been amazed by the story of a German pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65. Someone who understands Annegret's position well is Britain's older mother, Sue Tollefsen, from Essex. Sue pictured with daughter Freya in 2012. She now wishes she could have had her when she was younger .
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week. The U.S international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Meanwhile the Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year in its long-range forecast. The Met Office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for North Wales and northern England from Derby up to Northallerton.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer, they revealed last night. A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years. The scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses. In a chance discovery in mice, it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body’s number of T-cells .
Abedin (left), shown with then-Secretary of State Clinton during a 2010 diplomatic meeting in Vietnam, was her deputy chief of staff . 'And then there's the Weiner problem.' She stood by him through the embarrassment and through his resignation from Congress. Abedin was permitted to shift her employment classification from 'employee' to 'Special Government Employee,' a perk that allowed her to have a second income while drawing a government salary. That moonlight gig was at Teneo Holdings, a corporate consulting firm founded by Doug Band, a longtime Bill Clinton confidant.
Labadie pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday . The incident between Labadie and Henry occurred during a  League Two clash last month .
After Officer Kyle Day, who could not see her, warned he was about to unleash the dog, 'the ground moved, and she sat up,' Washougal Sgt. Marsha Yumi Perry (above), 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car .
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American. She was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location .
Britain's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution. A new book by former education journalist David Turner, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history. In 1818 during the ‘great rebellion’ at Winchester the school’s overall head was held hostage by boys armed with axes.
Johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season, and was still an England prospect . The future of both Sunderland and their star player hang in the balance.
For example, a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country's forestry program, the lawmaker said. Why Putin is hosting Kim Jong Un .
Hernandez, 26, is on loan at Real from Manchester United and scored a late winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The Mexican does not feature in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million .
Providenciales has a reputation as one of the best beach destinations on the planet, and is adding to its trophy haul after claiming the top gong in TripAdvisor’s annual ranking. Santorini, Greece . Best islands in Europe: . 1. Jersey, Channel Islands .
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher . Both Knox and Sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health. However, medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease. Riley Hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . The government health website says the disease is 'highly infectious and most serious in babies under the age of 12 months'.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show (above) and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream (above) Fallon brought out for the two to share .
Fury: Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Dodd took a photograph of the two men during a match against Blackburn Rovers last month, with the caption: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE.'
In the slickly produced seven minute footage, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city. They are also filmed blasting Kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city that was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987. The fanatics claim ancient relics are 'false idols' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law. Authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market to fund their atrocities.
Bristol City striker Kieran Agard (centre) celebrates giving his side the 1-0 lead against Swindon Town . Yaser Kasim was put under pressure as Swindon tried to play the ball out from the back from a goal kick, and gave it away to Joe Bryan. Gladwin avoids the sliding tackle of Bristol City's Korey Smith with the home side still leading 1-0 on Tuesday .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target, after a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day. Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton) £15m . Memphis Depay (PSV Eindhoven) £30m . Jackson Martinez (Porto) £25m . Dutchman reads out the names of Mats Hummels, Gareth Bale and Paul Pogba  among others . The supporter also posed with David de Gea  as part of a day organised by the club's foundation .
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought. Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week. Those techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees - but these Californians maintain it's the inevitable future of water conservation.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago (illustration shown).
Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk insists their season will still be a success if they clinch the Scottish Premiership title. Deila started with a disastrous Champions League qualifying campaign when Celtic were knocked out by both Legia Warsaw and Maribor, but went on to impress in the Europa League and domestic scene with the League Cup already in the trophy cabinet following an absence of six years. Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk celebrates with his team-mates after scoring in the Scottish Cup semi-final . 'We want to win it as soon as possible and that starts on Wednesday.
Grandparents Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year. They couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11 and police searched the property, Hastings Magistrates' Court heard. East Sussex deputy coroner Christopher Wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
Eddie Hearn presents the cheque for £1.5m to set-up Scott Quigg's fight with Carl Frampton . Quigg stares down the camera to tell Frampton to 'put his money where his mouth is' It’s a bold move that could see Quigg pocket substantially less Frampton if the pay-per-view purchases do not meet Hearn’s predictions.
A Virginia man has won the right to see his son, even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster, a court has ruled, . Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
The chair in which Abraham Lincoln was shot has been on display at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, for 85 years. Abraham Lincoln (left) was shot in Ford's Theatre in Washington D.C. on April 14, 1865 by pro-Confederacy actor, John Wilkes Booth (right). The Henry Ford also owns the limousine President John F. Kennedy was riding in when he was fatally shot in Dallas nearly a century later. Museum officials say the chair and car are among the most visited artifacts in the museum, along with the bus Rosa Parks rode in when she refused to give up her seat to a white rider and helped spark the civil rights movement.
They were with a man described as being in his 50s, with purple hair and a brown moustache.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears leave Dunblane cathedral after getting married this weekend . The Traditional Dress . Solange is known for her bold style, so she was unlikely to have opted for a traditional gown. Keira Knightley marries Jamie Righton in 2013 . The quirky wedding dress .
Dybalski received a lump-sum payment of $522,822 after taxes last month. Other than sharing with her friend, she plans to address 'a couple of issues around the house', she told Buffalo News.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden, where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning. Although his mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death, the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Brave: Mandy Greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child . Guilty: Keith Whitworth has been jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children . Hoping to help: Mandy, from Greater Manchester, has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too .
Tsarnaev, who killed three people and injured 260 others in the April, 2013 bombings, is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case. Seventeen of those charges carry the possibility of the death penalty. In the trial's first phase, the defense tried to show that at the time of the attacks, Tsarnaev was a 19-year-old college student flunking out of school and heavily influenced by his radicalized older brother, Tamerlan, 26.
One shopkeeper says it could be the embassy security warnings that are keeping people away now. Huge lines of excavators, cherry-pickers, and forklift trucks sit idle. Further down the road too are more winners-turned-losers of the NATO presence here.
The kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the Gone Girl kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life.' Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents' home.
Hilary Wilson had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section  and 'died' for 11 minutes. Mrs Wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism. Mrs Wilson  was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival. Mrs Wilson can only remember vague details of being pregnant or Felix's birth.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours . Teach English abroad . Ski resorts in breathtaking locations are always looking for instructors, servers and other employees .
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. Talented body-painter Natalie Fletcher has been travelling around the United States painting different people in each town - here she painted two people as a brick wall in Carolina .
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
A mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in the West Midlands and drank from the water bowl . Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, who filmed the amusing episode on her mobile phone said it had the whole office in stitches.
Sisters Sophie Morgan , 21, and Sheree, 25, (both pictured outside Burnley Crown Court) allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money . Officers who investigated the scam discovered the Morgan sisters allowed £17,500 to be put into their bank accounts after the con. Sheree also recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster, 23, and her mother Justine Davies, 44, to use their accounts for the illicit transfers.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats. But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council. Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating. Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
That's the view of Spanish newspaper Marca, who focus on the impressive form of the Colombian star since his £60million move from Monaco last summer. Tuttosport have an exclusive interview with Juventus striker Alvaro Morata, who says he is not interested in a return to former club Real Madrid.
Arsene Wenger insists he isn’t haunted by his decision to back out of signing Eden Hazard in 2012 – even if he does accept the Chelsea attacker is getting better every year. Talks got to such an advanced stage that Hazard’s agent discussed the move with Wenger in the Arsenal manager’s house, but the Frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with Chelsea, who landed this season’s standout player for £32million. He has found maturity that he did not have before.
London (CNN)The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. CNN asked Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the Royal United Services Institute to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq. But where it counts they are not standing and fighting.
Steven Howie (pictured) left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over a period of an hour in the room at a lonely inn on New Year's Eve . Stirling Sheriff Court heard that Howie and Miss Murray had been dating for about four months when they checked into the Carronbridge Hotel, in the Campsie Fells. He sentenced Howie to eight months in prison.
The manager of The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, cancelled the regular Tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'. And Mr Hannaway also claimed that the cinema has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the Tuesday films.
"The second allegation is that on 18 March 2015, the defendant incited another person to behead someone in Australia." Authorities have not named the person with whom the 14-year-old in Britain was communicating.
Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni. Fly half George Ford was in sparking form for the West Country outfit against the Exiles .
Confidence shattered: Hannah Moore, who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed 'within two minutes' of posting them on photo-sharing site Instagram, said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away . Shots of menstrual blood, stretchmarks following childbirth, pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt the wrath of the site's censors.
The Villa boss is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal. At Aston Villa, he has set the emotional bar high but it’s working.
A maths question set for 14-year-olds has left people across the world baffled as they try to solve the puzzle . The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. Henry Ong, executive director of SASMO, told Mothership.sg: 'Being Q24 out of 25 questions, this is a difficult question meant to sift out the better students.
A four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the 'claw' machine when he failed to win a teddy. He was completely inside it! Struggle: It took workers half an hour to free Henry as they searched for the keys to the machine . Venue: Henry had just finished a swimming lesson at the Snowdome in Tamworth, pictured .
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. Here, in the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones... Scroll down for video . WHAT TO EXPECT . Often people with dementia may display more symptoms and anxiety as the light starts to fade . This can be one of the toughest things to cope with, for at times it may seem as if the person you know and love has gone. What to do: If they tell you they're going out don't argue but speak calmly and tell them they don't need to as they are 'staying here' tonight. Talking to them can distract them, too. But never talk down to them or use childish language as this could make them angry. Better to say: 'You seem to have put the crockery in the washing machine.
But weather forced it to scrub Monday's plan to launch. After the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform, or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship, in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
The organizers of the homophobic protest at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters. A number of the anti-gay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as Instagram .
Cesc Fabregas (right) captained Spain on Tuesday but his poor form continued as they lost 2-0 in Holland . Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his deep-lying playmaker in the Premier League run-in . Thierry Henry's record of 20 had looked almost certain to fall but given his current form, Fabregas is now on track to fall just short. Fabregas' former team-mate Thierry Henry (right) holds the record for assists in a Premier League season .
Second best: Male special op combat troops fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units . Positions within the special operations forces, including the clandestine Navy SEAL and Army Delta units, are considered the most grueling and difficult jobs in the military, with training and qualifying courses that push troops to their physical, mental and emotional limits.
Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on Manchester United with Manchester City on Sunday . David Silva (centre) leaves the pitch looking despondent after City's 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace on Monday . With just a point separating them in third and fourth, the stage is set for a battle of high intensity.
A Chicago Cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon. Caught!
So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to England after serving on international duty with Belgium in Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. Mignolet posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official Facebook account on Wednesday.
He wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the United States. "I miss my family. Eat some blackberry pie. He doesn't have a cell phone.
Full back David Raven stabbed home the winner to take Inverness Caledonian Thistle to the Scottish Cup final. Well with Scotland's top club, Celtic, taking the decision to embarrass themselves publicly by writing to the SFA crying about a penalty they weren't awarded against Inverness, you can see there are problems. Celtic didn't get a penalty – so what? Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths complained: 'We were robbed.'
Ed Miliband , picture today on a David Brown Gear Systems factory in Huddersfield, has finally confessed that he is a geek who spent his childhood obsessing over computer games . The Labour leader said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but when he was 12-years-old drove his parents ‘slightly mad’ playing Manic Miner .
In the lead up to this week's Swinging Skirts LPGA Classic in northern California, Creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
The West Indies believe they now dominate England captain Alastair Cook whose nightmare start to the series saw him fail in both innings of the first Test - along with opening partner Jonathan Trott. England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing. BBC's Test Match Special pundit Geoff Boycott said: 'Trott's on the move, which is not great against the new ball.
The Conservative Party leader told an audience he was a West Ham fan, despite supporting Aston Villa . The Tory leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade' - perhaps he became confused since both sides wear claret and blue colours.
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November - a rare autoimmune disease . He has already been rushed to hospital once after his  neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat and there is a risk his heart could be impacted too.
Lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches. And Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair. Throughout the video various people hold the girls down so that others can punch them over and over again. 'They just stayed in their cars and just looked at us,' Destiny said.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch. But having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less .
Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on Saturday . McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players .
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament . Flatman says picking the likes of Danny Cipriani is key to England bringing in new fans during the tournament .
Those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension – elevated blood pressure – with just one extra meal out a week raising the odds by six per cent, a study found. Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of high blood pressure. Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week, the American Journal of Hypertension reported.
The prize-winning pumpkins - including a 728kg monster that was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show - were presented to the elephants on Friday morning. Taronga's Asian Elephant herd, including 3300kg Pak Boon and calves Pathi Harn and Tukta, were quick to swoop on the record-breaking pumpkin. Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals .
Jeremy Mathieu (right) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo . The Frenchman wheels away in celebration of his second half header at the Balaidos Stadium . Fabian Orellana was shown a red card for throwing a chunk of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets . Orellana (right) leaves the field after referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandishes a red card .
The man who threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle on Monday night denies he is racist, claiming it was 'just a joke'. The second, he threw because the 'irony of this situation is too much to pass up'. Chappelle was performing a comedy routine at the Lensic theater in Santa Fe when a banana peel struck him . He had allegedly eaten the banana at a convenience store before the show, and washed it down with a shot of the alcoholic beverage 99 Bananas. Just the brown peel?
But can you keep using the same spray year after year? BITE CREAM . VERDICT: If stored away from the light, you don’t need to restock.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia. Miss Simpson's mother Donna, who works as an artisan cake maker, said the rest of the family will find out their fate in the next few weeks.
An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916, when after huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully fooled the Turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula. Historian Stephen Chambers released the poignant images to mark the catastrophic campaign's centenary .
Police are hunting Peter Fox, 26, (pictured) after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder . The body of his sister  was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in Bootle, Merseyside. Bernadette Fox was found when police arrived at her address through other enquiries.
He tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 and is inviting, through the media, the world's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony marking the presumptive nation's birth. Jedlicka says almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received, about 20 of which have been accepted.
Rickie Lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining Liverpool despite their striking problems . Brendan Rodgers' decision to ignore Lambert, in favour of Mario Balotelli, is completely illogical . He has to go down as Liverpool's worst-ever signing – at least the club won a trophy when Andy Carroll was at Anfield. Lambert scored 20 goals for Southampton - he may not be world class, but he is better than the alternatives .
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital, despite more than two months exposed to the elements. The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn.
Eduardo Vargas (left) wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom with a 25-yard strike . Sent off: Mulumbu . Sportsmail's Match Zone shows where Bobby Zamora struck QPR's third goal . Victor Anichebe (left) headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench . Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton, shortly before he scored for his side .
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday. Phil (far right) won the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association’s Southern Hemisphere Championships in the men’s class two division . His son, Shannan Primmer, wrote a heartfelt tribute in the wake of his father’s shock death.
According to Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill, the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford. The more marbling a piece of steak has means the more moist it will be.
Torpedo Moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal Tula's website . Torpedo's fans have caused trouble on a number of occasions and the club have already been punished three times this season for racist behaviour of their supporters.
President Barack Obama staunchly defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' to prevent a bomb and bring longer-term stability to the Middle East. Scroll down for video . 'I've been very clear that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch, and I think they should understand that we mean it,' Obama said in the interview published Sunday.
After the rowers were returned safely to Putney, the sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base. The RNLI revealed the conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat's riggers, 'creating an influx of water that could not be managed by the craft's bilge pump'.
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome. This leads to a buildup of bile in the liver, causing damage to liver cells.
Don's owner Tom Hamilton (pictured) was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls . Behind the wheel: Don leaned on the controls of the tractor before driving it on to the M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire during rush hour .
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home, police said . With the power out, Todd, who worked a $10-an-hour job in dining services at the university, had bought the generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm.
The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s. Mad cow disease is a fatal neurological disease in cattle caused by an abnormal form of a prion protein that destroys the brain and spinal cord.
Murray (left) and coach Jonas Bjorkman enjoy the celebrations in Munich on Monday evening . Jonas Bjorkmann (left) will work with Murray until the end of the US Open and then maybe longer . Mauresmo is not in Munich this week for Murray’s first tournament on the clay since he got married.
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, but in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
Tottenham are confident Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday. There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot after taking a hefty blow from a collision with Kieran Trippier during the draw at Burnley on Sunday.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League .
That sentiment came true this week when, after 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other. Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. The couple first met in Corbin, Kentucky and, according to their son Doug, ran off and got married without either of their parents' blessing. He said that, although the couple 'didn't have communication', he believes they were 'reading each other' just by having the chance to see each other.
Richie Benaud, pictured  in January 2013, has died  at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . It was as a TV commentator that Benaud came into his own.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA Cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he has no regrets about the incident, saying that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military. It came the same day Saudi-led war planes made a weapons drop in Aden following a fortnight of fighting between rebel forces and a Saudi-led coalition that has seen hundreds killed. A rally was also held in Yemen's capital Sanaa as the United Nations revealed at least 519 people have so far lost their lives in the conflict.
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have now created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad. It does this by analysing something known as 'key hold time' - a measure of how long a key is pressed before being released. The team are working on smartphone apps that may be used to gather the same type of data from mobiles .
The 36-year-old personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. Mr Sim said his Chopper - the 2004 revival of the iconic 1970's children's bike - is as close to standard as possible. 'It's always been a bit of a dream to ride the Tour de France, I won't do it again, my dad said he never would have thought I'd do it on a chopper!'
Chief Justice John Roberts -- who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare -- this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. All eyes were on Justice Anthony Kennedy, considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans, who has penned three decisions in favor of gay rights over the years.
18-year-old Ryan Heritage from Wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's page, saying: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' The Trowbridge Neighbourhood Policing Team then re-posted his original message and added their own: 'His luck ran out #arrested.'
Arrest: Police have arrested a 14-year-old on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack in Australia (file photo) Greater Manchester Police said today that the 14-year-old was first arrested on April 2 after police intercepted communications between him and an Australian man, allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack. In the wake of the Melbourne arrests, Australian officials have ramped up security for Anzac Day events, while police in Britain  are reviewing the arrangements for Anzac Day celebrations in the UK.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West. In an extract from Kim Kardashian's book Selfish, the star reveals her daily diet, which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables . Gwyneth Paltrow: Eating good . Jennifer Aniston: Atkins .
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country. Incorrectly wearing the hijab, Dehnavi also warns, could lead to some men becoming homosexual.
The warning comes as latest figures show hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014. Around 21million Britons have some kind of allergy, ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings.
George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer. He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines. After being appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1997 to lead the Chicago Archdiocese, George earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the U.S. Church.
If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the US. Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography after allegedly uploading images of child pornography to the social networking site, Tumblr . The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
That night, the venue, which is popular with Premier League footballers, was packed with hundreds who had come to see singer Trey Songz perform. On April 15, the day before Lennon's 28th birthday, he was interviewed by police officers on suspicion of assault. No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.'
Rescue mission: The elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern China . Exhausted: The female animal was found lying on its side after becoming trapped in the middle of the night . 'And without food for over a day it is temporarily unable to stand up.'
But Kai Windsor started life as a girl – and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body. By four, he refused to wear dresses – and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls. Transgender Kai is now happy in his skin at last and is now set to undergo hormone treatment .
Lawyers for jailed millionaire Robert Durst say he wants authorities to return more than $161,000 in cash taken after the real estate heir was arrested for murder. They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run . Durst has been in custody since his mid-March arrest (pictured) and is facing federal and Louisiana state gun charges before extradition to California .
The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a 'serious national security threat' but that the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response. The new report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama. The Australian was reportedly killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State.
Outspoken weight loss expert Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain’s obesity crisis and has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population. Steve claims that these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
The total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at only $418 million. The report showed that Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year. This report has come with the news that the typical home in Australia is now owned for over ten years before it is resold.
'I've worked a lot on my game, and I'm looking forward to competing. I'm excited to get to Augusta' Woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back, and after another shockingly bad display of chipping.
after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God. But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him. However the employee, Stephanie Diaz, says Caldwell is a liar. When she didn't relent, he called her a 'dog' and a 'b----', Diaz said. I don’t like mens no more!
According to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest, three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight.
Danny Lennon has left his role as interim Scotland Under 21 manager . Lennon, who left the Buddies in May 2014, took charge of the Scotland Under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month. The former St Mirren manager looks set to take over at Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic .
These shocking photos show brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings, who were placed in medically-induced comas after taking a 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of McComb, Mississippi. They were hospitalized on April 6, within hours of each other, when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. 'Fortunately, they fought the battle and they're now home. But they're not well at all. And he has permanent kidney damage. Now, their mother, Karen Stallings (pictured with Jeff), has appealed to others not to smoke Spice . Because the herbs and chemicals in Spice vary, it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking - and in what concentrations .
Sepp Blatter (left) has received the full backing of African football's president Issa Hayatou (right) Blatter was also present, and made a speech to the African football leaders in his role as FIFA president. Luis Figo (left) and Michael van Pragg (right) are opposing Blatter and have chosen to run for presidency . Prince Ali bin al-Hussein is the third challenger and the FIFA vice-president was in attendance in Zimbabwe .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon . 'Exercise all you can!' he wrote on Twitter.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 Minutes, a news satire programme broadcast by Radio Television Suisse, follows ‘Jeff Randl’, who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier. The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on the usual stereotypes about US tourists – from being loud and inconsiderate to arrogant and less worldly. The snowboarder takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola at the Swiss ski resort of Verbier .
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune, before she was awarded just £750,000.
Tyrone and his mother Maria Sevilla (left) face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines as their visa expires today - Monday . Due to Tyrone's autism, he does not adapt to change very well . Ms Sevilla, a single mum and nurse in the Queensland town of Townsville, has lived in Australia with her son since 2007. I have my family. To sign the petition to keep Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone in Australia, click the link here .
Clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, a London-based charity which aims to 'make society a safer place'. 'If we're  still making jokes about stalking it’s harder for victims to come forward. Offending articles: The T-shirts in question are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle, Look Human (pictured) and North Shore Shirts .
In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything. In an interview with NBC Bay Area, Elizabeth Sedway said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to San Jose, California. Elizabeth Sedway lamented on her Facebook page that because of the delay caused by Alaska Airlines, she will miss two chemotherapy sessions, her husband will miss important meetings and her sons will miss school.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. 'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary. He claims that the aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years' and are unimpressed with how we live.
Abu-Jamal, 60, is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981. Marilyn Zuniga apologised after she allowed her students to write to convicted police killer Mumia Abu-Jamal after he became ill while serving a life sentence in prison, but said the students wanted to write to him .
Shaun Bryan - who was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little Thusha Kamaleswaran in 2011 - was jailed for another crime this week . Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home in Croydon, south London on December 17 last year.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much . A woman should be courageous to become older, not be desperate to look younger than her age.'
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. Granted parole: James Schoenfeld is escorted by Sgt. Dirty Harry: The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom . Eastwood as cop Harry Callahan famously says to an injured criminal at the end of the flick.. Schoenfeld, 24 at the time of the notorious crime,  his brother, Richard, and a friend, Fred Woods, were convicted of kidnapping 26 school students aged 5-14 and their bus driver Ed Ray in 1976.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in October 2009 as she walked to a youth club in Moss Side, Manchester. The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved, and detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. Steve Bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer .
(CNN)The complete skeleton of a camel thought to to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in Austria. As opposed to the Ottoman troops -- who would likely have eaten the camel's flesh -- the residents of Tulln apparently buried the camel whole.
The family of one of the five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in Melbourne were warned by police the group were falling victim to Islamic State recruiters. It is alleged there was a plan in place to attack police and members of the public with swords and knives, which forced police to act. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. Three of the men were released by Victoria Police on Saturday evening.
The father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland in the Royal Engineers from 1989 until 2000. The inquest heard he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life.
The man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Many faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years, Geological Survey geophysicist William Ellsworth said.
The charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month. They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation, but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
A Muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel, as he denounces the idea of marital rape as 'made up by European people'.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at MD Anderson Cancer Center after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer, was terminal .
They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair, who claimed in a speech this week that quitting the EU would cause 'significant damage to our economy'. But total sales of British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a 'straitjacket' on exporters.
Wigan climbed up to third place in the First Utility Super League after exacting sweet revenge on arch-rivals St Helens for October's Grand-Final defeat. The Warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal, no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the DW Stadium which contained just three tries but countless examples of rugby league at its finest.
Kicked out: Elizabeth Sedway, 51, says Alaska Airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly . In an interview with NBC Bay Area, Elizabeth Sedway said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to San Jose, California. ‘Her family's tickets have been refunded and we will cover the cost of her family's overnight accommodations in Lihue,' Alaska spokeswoman Halley Knigge stated. Sedway posted on her Facebook page on Wednesday that the 'silver lining' of her family's experience would be that the value of their airline tickets would go to study the blood cancer multiple myeloma, for which she is being treated.
Jose Mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his Chelsea press conference . Wenger (left) pushed Mourinho when Chelsea beat Arsenal 6-0 at Stamford Bridge last season .
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, dentist Dr Sameer Patel warns . A good alternative to your morning tea or coffee, is caffeine-free green tea.
Instead, they encounter only hired workers in the town, which  previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history. Remote: It was home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s. No neighbors: However, the ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis (pictured) Rancher: The couple, who live in a house just north of the commissary building, do not have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy neighbors. Referring to Evansville itself, which likely began its life as a town in the late 1870s, she added: 'By 1910, there was not much left.' 'I'd love to have someone restore it,' Mrs Scherich said of the commissary, adding: 'It would be expensive.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London. The EA Sports’ side sees two fewer Chelsea players in the line-up with Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic failing to make the team. Cesc Fabregas, a surprise omission from the PFA Player of the Team is included in the EA Sports XI.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Barclays Premier League, even though his side sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea having played a game more going into the run-in. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable . Van Gaal  confirmed that Robin van Persie is still injured and said he is not ready to return to the first team .
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted - an act the White House said continues Obama's push to make the justice system fairer - were serving terms of life in prison. Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug offenders who were sentenced under outdated guidelines . Mr Obama has now approved a total of 43 commutations during more than six years in office.
(CNN)When photographer Johan Bavman became a father for the first time, he took more than a passing wonder about how his native Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. Fathers have to share that leave with mothers.
Explosive claims: Private investigator Dwayne Powell reportedly told Wisconsin police in 2013 that he was hired by David Miscavige (left), the head of the Church of Scientology, to spy on his elderly father, Ronald (right) after he'd left the church . In a statement to the Times, David Miscavige's personal attorney, Michael Lee Hertzberg, vehemently denied any connection between Powell and his client. Miscavige, chairman of the board of Religious Technology Center (pictured left and right with Tom Cruise), allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his  father during a medical emergency .
Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54 and Gary Cooper, 45, from Stockport, along with their ex-pat friend Neil Munro were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. The men were taken to a police station, where they were allegedly told they could only leave if they signed a form in Arabic saying they would not practise their hobby there again.
A recent survey has revealed that more than half of UK children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. Annabel Karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables . It's so easy to feel frustrated and powerless when your child simply refuses to eat certain foods.
Burns survivor Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal during a speech on Wednesday . Ms Pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured. The revelation follows after she successfully underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild a nose but she was not expecting complications where she had stopped breathing during the procedure. When Ms Pitt woke up from her surgery, she expected to wake up in the burns unit with a brand new nose but  the moment she woke up in intensive care, she revealed she just wanted to die.
The Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam. Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire  using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families.
Calls for Lee to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul in an apparent suicide on April 9. Sung, who was under investigation for fraud and bribery, left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials, including those who work for the President.
Except it isn't. The riots of Baltimore, the peaceful marches of Baltimore, the fury and unrest of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball. Tuesday's game against the White Sox: also postponed. After two postponements, the Orioles will play Chicago on Wednesday, but no one else will be invited.
Kinsman has said Winston raped her in December 2012. A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. In the lawsuit filed Thursday, Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Winston has said the sex was consensual. "Ms. Kinsman's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times.
In construction: The gang posing as rich Italian businessmen built the cabinet so one of them could hide inside a large void in the middle and secretly switch a haul of Euros for fake money during a deal . Euros seized by police: Inside a drawer, officers recovered €2.2million in counterfeit money as well as £52,000 worth of legitimate Euro notes .
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach and his picked his ultimate XI .
Kingsley Burrell, 29, died in police custody on March 31 2011, four days after he was arrested and sectioned in Birmingham city centre . Mr Burrell was taken into custody after calling officers and claiming three men had threatened him with a machine gun. When CCTV showed that nobody had approached Mr Burrell, he was sectioned . Mr Burrell's sister Kadisha (front right) also told the inquest her brother's allegations that police had left him without access to a toilet so he had wet himself .
A memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of hero captain Patrick Sondheimer left) who tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot Andreas Lubitz (second from left) from crashing the aircraft . It has since emerged that Mr Lubitz had carefully planned the attack using the online pseudonym ‘Skydevil’, according to the German newspaper Bild.
The 37-year-old replaced Diego Costa during the second half of Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday after the Spain international was forced off with a hamstring injury. Drogba moves the ball forward under pressure from the Stoke defence as Chelsea extend their lead at the top .
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB . Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean .
Matt Derbyshire gets to the ball first to apply the finish and give Rotherham the lead against Brighton . The former Nottingham Forest striker celebrates his goal at the New York Stadium . Brighton's Kezenga Lua Lua holds off the challenge of Jack Hunt during the clash on Saturday .
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin. Even though a rape led to her pregnancy, Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her 'shamed' family as she was unmarried and a Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal. Gulnaz said that her decision to marry the rapist was purely based on the fact her daughter, Smile, would have been unable to live a normal life in the Afghan capital without a father.
Masked raiders used an angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine before they fled police in a stolen Audi at speeds of up to 145mph. When they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth a list of ATMs was found. He was found by police dog handlers hiding in dense bushes close to the flat after being detected by helicopter thermal imaging cameras.
A drunken restaurant owner has been banned from keeping animals after he was caught on CCTV punching, kicking and throwing his dog across the room. David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco 'screaming'. Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580 at Workington Magistrates Court in Cumbria last week.
German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates, US and British authorities said on Thursday . Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats, the US said. The settlement agreement allows Deutsche Bank to keep its operating license in the United States.
Left, a group of students eat their lunch while sitting on the sidewalk. The school has banned students from bringing food onto the premises and has even erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling at its back entrance .
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership’s player of the month for March. Elliot Daly is handed his player of the month award by Wasps director of rugby Dai Young . He has appeared four times for England Saxons.
Mother-of-three Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself on Saturday night, according to police in Tulare, California . The 4-year-old girl and two other siblings, ages 10 and 12, were not hurt in the shooting.
Instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death, Pendikainen, defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of Riksgränsen in Sweden thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle. The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group, Stunt Freak Team, the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights .
Nazi camp: Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics . Camp Siegfried was founded by the American Nazi group, the German American Bund. Today, Yaphank is still a town on Long Island. The street names like Hitler, Goebbels and Goering have gone.
Yannick Bolasie raced past Lee Cattermole before scoring his hat-trick goal against Sunderland . Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Sunderland midfielder Cattermole during Bolasie's impessive run . Gary Cahill has managed to win back his starting spot alongside John Terry after his brief absence . Arsene Wenger’s decision to axe goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny after fining him for smoking in the showers at Southampton has proved a pivotal point of Arsenal’s season.
Graziano Pelle unleashes a strike in a crowded penalty area as Southampton doubled their lead against Hull City at St Mary's . The Italian striker celebrates with his team-mates after scoring his first Premier League goal since December . James Ward-Prowse makes no mistake from 12 yards as he slots Southampton into the lead 11 minutes after coming on as a half-time sub . James Ward-Prowse had put the home side in front, coming on at half-time to convert a penalty 10 minutes later.
Prize money at the French Open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million (£20.2million), the French Tennis Federation has announced. Rafael Nadal lifts the trophy above his head after winning the men's singles at Roland Garros last year .
This is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana. Tyre changer Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tyres and fuel .
Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan Spurs midfielder Tom Carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on England Under 21 duty and might not play again this season. Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea. Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Todd Larson said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his Dodge Challenger parked at his Taylorsville, Utah home (above his damaged Dodge Challenger) He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home .
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. Last year Grizzlies player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter and gave the child his warm-up shirt off his back .
The majority of Americans identify as 'middle class'. Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. With an average income of $37,963, Mississippi's middle class is the lowest paid in the country.
He said: 'If I am sent back to Colombia, I would be dead within the first four hours.' Information provided by Toro aided in the prosecution of ex-Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega (seen 1990) His fears sound reasonable considering his work aided in the prosecution of cocaine overlord Carlos Lehder and former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega. Toro remains in limbo while trying to get a green card or a passport, and he can't collect social security benefits until he secures one of those documents.
A homeless convicted sex-offender screamed, 'I'm going to rape you!' before attacking a woman in a Manhattan bar, according to a criminal complaint. NYPD had released surveillance footage of Stover walking down the street on Tuesday. Police say that Stover hid inside one of the bathroom stalls at Turnmill Bar he allegedly choked and sexually assaulted a young woman as she was trying to leave the restroom . He served an addition two-and-a-half years for another crime and was released on Valentine's Day this year.
The video starts off with the pint-sized player scoring a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Presidential candidates are not just professionals, but professionals declaring their candidacy for a position that many consider to be the most powerful in the world. A position that not only deserves formality and respect, but within a global context seems to require it. And if there's a reason Hillary Clinton will be elected as our next president, it's not because she let us call her Hillary.
The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online,The Los Angeles Times reported on Thursday.
Jenson Button was left to reflect on 'not a great day' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
As Australia prepares to commemorate the Anzac Centenary on Saturday, the service records belonging to two of Edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. Service records reveal Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI.
Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. Crowds basked in temperatures of up to 20C in some parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather for this time of year . Temperatures will drop from the balmy mid-teens to around 11 or 12C, she added. A brass band also took part in the parade in Emsworth, Hampshire, to celebrate St George's Day.
The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February and it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign, especially as it was the second time he had fallen victim to the problem. Newcastle attacking midfielder Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign .
Sharing is caring: Rhiannon Langley is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media through pictures and videos . Influencer: The 24-year-old from Melbourne has 189,000 followers on Instagram . she wrote.
A hero: Doug Gregory. 92, only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago. He flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes before testing  aircraft, including models of Spitfires and Hurricanes . Mr Gregory began flying during the Second World War and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe. He added that no one had been arrested or charged in connection with the collision.
Twelve people were arrested, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. Fredericka Gray, the twin sister of Freddie Gray, made a statement: "My family wants to say, 'Can y'all please, please stop the violence? And are police liable for his death?
Former middleweight world champion Julio Cesar Chavez Jr was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara . Froch (left) has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley Stadium in a re-match last May .
As the election campaign slowed to mark the Easter weekend, the Prime Minister hailed the work of the Church and condemned the persecution of Christians following the massacre in  Kenya.
The Take That star stopped by the couple's wedding reception in Berkshire and sung the band's song 'A Million Love Songs' as a wedding gift. Afterwards, the Take That superfan said: 'I'm still on cloud nine, I can't believe it happened.' But he secretly replied to the bridesmaids saying 'let's do this' - on the condition that they kept it secret from Mrs Jones.
St. Louis forward Ryan Reaves (pictured) pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook . Reaves and the rest of the Blues beat the Blackhawks 2-1 on Sunday, moving the team a point ahead of Nashville to the top of the Central Division standings .
Scroll down for video . 'If you Google my name, the worst plastic surgeries of all time or whatever it is… they've compared me to Michael Jackson,' he once said. February 2015: TMZ reported that Bruce told his family that he has known he was meant to be a female since the age of five. April 24: Bruce finally confirms his gender transition, telling Sawyer: 'I am a woman.' At this point, Jenner revealed, he was already taking hormones and had done electrolysis .
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity. Einstein's theory predicts that the gravitational effects of the nearer galaxy will bend the light of the more distant one.
Crime and punishment: Erica Ginnetti, 35, has been sentenced to 30 days, house arrest and probation for having sex with a 17-year-old student . The former educator described for the court how she has reconciled with her family and embarked on a new career as a fitness instructor. According to investigators, the math and calculus teacher first approached the victim in May 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym. Two months after Ginnetti first met her 17-year-old victim at his prom in May 2013 they drove to an industrial park and had sex in her car .
Just 11 per cent of research funding from he Government and charities into the UK’s leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia, research has found . Almost two-thirds of research funding allocated by to the four conditions was allocated to cancer .
'We were posing at Apo Island when this sea turtle surfaced to breathe and photo-bombed,' de Jesus wrote on his blog.
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013, a Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity. The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military said.
Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs, as record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. The Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey prepared to receive more than 10,000 people to its shores on Anzac Day. Social media has been flooded with images of Anzac Day services across Australia. An Anzac Day centenary dawn service at Gympie, about 160 kilometres north of Brisbane .
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May.
The Wikipedia official who accused Grant Shapps of doctoring his own online biography was exposed yesterday as a former Liberal Democrat member. Richard Symonds, 29, who goes by the online name 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry', is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last'. Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'.
Kim shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page and, of course, a hairbrush from her own brand featured .
The two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy, the tug's Montenegrin captain told me.
The incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by Faberge's famous jewelled eggs, and painstakingly created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. Purple cake with gold detailing and purple roses by Rose Marie's cake (left) and Zee Chik Cakes' peephole egg with sugar work figurine (right) The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition, with Easter just around the corner.
Another little girl was photographed in a Jordanian refugee camp, weeping with fear after mistaking an aid worker's camera for a weapon. The photographer who took the heart-breaking image in November did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs. The pictures showing her torment follow the iconic image of another Syrian girl who 'broke millions of hearts' after surrendering to a different cameraman Osman Sagirli. Conflict charity War Child says thousands of children carry 'deep trauma from what they have been through inside Syria'. A massive number of Syrians have sought refuge in Jordan this month, according to a recent UNHCR report.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead during the draw against Reading . Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family .
The small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. Here the pair walk towards each other at the sanctuary .
Thierry Henry hailed 'the detective' Francis Coquelin for his midfield display in Arsenal's hard-fought victory over Burnley at Turf Moor. Henry was speaking on Sky Sports' coverage of the Premier League encounter on Saturday night .
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram . A movie industry source said Weinstein gave Battilana the $227 sixth-row-center-seat ticket during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show . Weinstein, 63, has denied Battilana's allegations. 'She's a victim of her beauty.'
Journalist Jonathan Maitland said while there had been some shock at the drama, An Audience with Jimmy Savile, the majority of critics are eager to know when they will be able to see it. McGowan previously portrayed the comedian in his popular series The Big Impression. Critics have however slammed his 'unbelievable' subject choice. But a lawyer acting on behalf of 178 of the comedian's victims said she had met with the playwright and was satisfied the play had been produced in good taste.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene, reports The Journal Star. In a graphic staged performance on Wednesday at Massapequa High School in Long Island, students showed other students just what kinds of things could happen if a driver decides to drink before getting behind the wheel.
Her husband, Philippe Braham, was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. "Today we all share the same pain," Valerie Braham said to the assembled crowd. The latest news is a painful reminder of Braham's recent loss. "In Israel.
Charlton had skipper Chris Solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box, but Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory's resulting penalty. Charlton keeper Stephen Henderson celebrates after saving the resultant penalty from Lee Gregory . Sent off: Solly . Alou Diarra (right) gave 10-men Charlton the lead against the run of play in the second half .
An Aer Lingus flight from Dublin to Vienna yesterday had to return after suffering from technical issues. The incident was the second incident of the day at the airport, after two Ryanair planes collided breaking one of the winglets .
But, unbelievably, Max has been abandoned and he's looking for a home. He's become a favourite with workers at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, who have been looking after him since he was found. Max is part corgi, part husky, and is looking for a new home .
Senior U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth sentenced Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten to a term of life in prison, mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction.
Since 1903, experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed. Instead of belonging to the genus, or species 'family' Brontosaurus, they said it should in fact have been classified as 'Apatosaurus'. Brontosaurus has a complex history.
Shame: The allegedly assault saw Hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21-year-old pledge and beat him with a paddle . ', she reported the incident to the police. Hazing incident: Following the alleged assault of the 21-year-old pledge, the Sigma Nu fraternity at UT-Austin (pictured) was shut down .
Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship. Pictures of the bizarre bond with Ms Zhu have made its owner an internet sensation . Snout pout: Ms Zhu has nicknamed her pet Zhu Diandian or 'crazy pig' in English . And if the pet dog is feeling a bit jealous it's understandable.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes which premiered on Thursday at Tribeca Film Festival, Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. 'When you’re behind a computer screen late at night, no one knows who you are, where you are,' Valle says in the opening of the documentary. Valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone. He says he just has dark fantasies.
But Christopher Eccleston has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent. The 51-year-old actor, who grew up in Manchester, played the Doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show’s revival in 2005. He proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss Russell T Davies.
A professor in New York invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. Bobitis explained: 'He is the son of one of my daughter's professors.
'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement. And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it.' Talking about weed on Tuesday, he said, 'I think we need to enforce our federal laws' Asked for his position on the topic, Rubio said 'I think we need to enforce our federal laws.' I don't favor decriminalization. In the course of his conversation with Hewitt on Tuesday Rubio defended his framing of Clinton as past her prime and said he was knocking her 'ideas,' not her age.
The tears came, £1million from the playing budget went and Rovers were a Conference side, three years after being in League One. But, if nothing else, it taught Clarke that anything can happen on the final day. A year ago, Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920 .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday to keep their title hopes alive . Meanwhile, league leaders Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
A study reported in the British Medical Journal found that 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week. The shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, the researchers say.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards out of her cot and get trapped between the horizontal handrail . Days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed with his forehead jammed against the horizontal handrail. Phillip Dickens, company director of furniture supplier Baumhaus Ltd, which distributed the beds, was today given a suspended prison sentence for placing an unsafe product on the market .
A member of the public compares the original painting by Jean-Honore Fragonard (left) and the replica ordered on the internet from China (right) at the Dulwich picture gallery . Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings. 'It was a risk, no doubt about it,' he said. Original: Jean-Honoré Fragonard’s Young Woman . It was painted in 1769.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy, earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. Reformed: By September 2013 - exactly two years after his suicide attempt - Nathan had dropped 13 stone, and has spent the last year dedicating his time to building the perfect body .
The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat Islamic State’s domination of the internet and social media. But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops.
On the market: This seven-bedroom, Tudor mansion in Scarsdale, New York, is where real estate heir Robert Durst grew up . When he was seven, Durst's 32-year-old mother either jumped or fell to her death from the roof of the family home in Scarsdale . His defense team was expected to challenge the Louisiana case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant.
Sickening: Taffee the Shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack . The left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. Charlene, who is 17 months old, was bought the pony to help deal with her epilepsy and has lost her 'best friend', her mother said .
Olivier Giroud's Barclays Premier League player of the month award makes the French the league's outright most successful foreign nationality, with the Arsenal striker becoming France's 16th winner of the accolade. March 1996: Eric Cantona, Manchester United . January 2004: Thierry Henry, Arsenal . November 2008: Nicolas Anelka, Chelsea . He won the award in April 1998 .
Weight loss journey: Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs; he started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month . That's when an X-ray showed him that he also had arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity. 'It took me a long time to gain the weight.
Change4Life, which is being run by Public Health England to help address the country's obesity crisis, is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving – about seven teaspoons' worth. Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar, which has 27g.
Tilse comes in after the sudden retirement of Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey's departure . Tilse will link up with his former Raiders team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain .
From there, she hoped to cross the Mediterranean Sea so her baby could be born in Europe. They are alive. That was the scene in a tent outside the Mater Dei Hospital in Valletta, Malta, a chance for citizens and dignitaries to remember 24 of what's thought to be hundreds of migrants killed when their crammed ship sank in the Mediterranean Sea.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach .
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine, which her father Stephen was keeping illegally, and injected it after saying she felt like a 'failure'. At the time she died in August, Charlotte was visiting the family farm in Acton, Suffolk while on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated for anorexia and depression. She was saying, "Leave me alone, let me die, leave me to die."
And the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all. 1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan STanley 1-percenters – when they're not browsing Urban Outfitters or eating at Shake Shack . There are also a Banana Republic, a private squash club, and at least three art galleries nearby . 'I guess we can expect all the Clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans, right?'
(CNN)Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of Odin Lloyd. The 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions. Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment. There was no criminal charge in the case.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film, Rogue One #RogueOne. Jones will play a rebel soldier, the director said.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach Shaun Wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October. The return of Flower dominated the build-up to the Super League derby while the half-time announcement that Sam Tomkins is returning to the club on a four-year contract made it a night to remember for Wane.
Francis Coquelin has jumped to the defence of team-mate Olivier Giroud following Thierry Henry's claim that Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season. Coquelin (above) believes Arsene Wenger's side 'can win titles' with Giroud playing as their main striker .
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. The odd couple: PETA spokesperson Pamela Anderson joined forced with controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio on Wednesday to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates . But a Fox News affiliate reporter who visited in 2013 commented that the carrots in the stew were brown and that the soy looked like 'wood chips.' The stunt at Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday as described as 'a new low for PETA' by ThinkProgress.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. Hargrove, who also featured prominently in the CNN documentary Blackfish, says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message. He also said he had 'a lot to drink' when the video was recorded and did not recall the incident .
Liz Smith is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career . Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' Diller did not respond to a request for comment. Barbara Walters (above) was a good friend claims Smith, but lost interest in the gossip writer when her newspaper column at the New York Post was cut . Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love (above) for years . Smith claims she never spoke to her again.
Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him. The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of the teens. El Centro College President Jose Adames has said a full investigation is underway.
At a forum held on the steps of Duke Chapel, close to where the noose was hung, hundreds of people gathered. "To whomever committed this hateful and stupid act, I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect," Larry Moneta said.
At least Broad averted serious injury when he collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over. But he spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack.
Experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the Molalla Log Cabin, a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. One of a kind: The construction of the log cabin is unlike pioneer building methods at the time - suggesting it was instead made by foreigners .
A six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach despite her drug-user parents being reported to social services five times. According to a report, Mary's family, who lived in Liverpool, were well-known to social services and had been reported five times amid concerns of alcohol abuse, domestic violence and child neglect.
We struggle when we have to compete. Newcastle players look dejected following Sunday's 1-0 defeat to rivals Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . United are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to Liverpool on Monday.
"Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10.
Moore was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison, according to records from the Department of Public Safety. While working with a road crew in the Asheville area, he escaped and was recaptured in 1971. He escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in Texas in 1975. His third escape from a Henderson County prison was Aug. 6, 1976. The sheriff said he thought Moore's poor health factored into his decision to turn himself in.
Graeme McDowell watches his tee shot on the fourth hole at Augusta on Friday . Jordan Spieth wears his green jacket after a sensational victory at the Masters on Sunday . Spieth celebrates on the 18th green after sealing his maiden major at Augusta National .
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season and could leave the club . Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement but insists Allardyce is a perfect fit for West Ham .
A Massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting 'a box of cards' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor. Danny Nickerson, six, who loved to receive mail, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013. On a You Caring page for Nickerson, his mother wrote that he has fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . They didn't know what accidents many of the old ones were from.
Woman's worth: Elana Schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent as much as men in order to highlight the problem of wage inequality . She will be re-opening the the store in New Orleans this fall, where prices for female shoppers will drop even more to 66 per cent of the original retail value, corresponding with Louisiana's pay cap.
Bacary Sagna (right) insists he does not regret leaving Arsenal for Manchester City last summer . Sagna departed Arsenal on the back of winning the FA Cup but faces a year without a trophy at City .
and 'Fire!' Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen. The fire crew in Boise, Idaho, thought they were chasing human voices when the found the birds .
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers to leave Brendan Rodgers with just two available first-team centre backs.
'The General': Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m . A jailed tax fraudster who hid his wealth in the UK while building an estate  in Pakistan modelled on Buckingham Palace must pay back £2.2million within six months or face a  ten more years in jail.
Mario Balotelli has no future at Liverpool after manager Brendan Rodgers lost patience with the striker . Balotelli has endured a torrid time at Anfield and has managed to score just once in the Premier League .
Xana Doyle (pictured) was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car while high on drugs . The Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof after the crash in the early hours of the morning in January . A court heard he was driving at ‘excessive speed’ in the moments before the crash, which did not involve any other vehicle. Sakhawat Ali (pictured right) admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
Stars of women's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday. Ana Ivanovic (L-R), Sabine Lisicki, Angelique Kerber, Caroline Wozniacki and Maria Sharapova strike a pose .
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January but has no memory of the horrendous attack . 'She is able to walk, communicates well and, surprisingly, given everything that has happened, has retained her sense of humour.' Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town. Henri has been living with his uncle, Her Breda, since the attack and has been receiving counselling.
In four days time, Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century at the MGM Grand but he still had time to pose for a picture with Motown legend Gladys Knight. Mayweather is expected to get £120m from the fight, the biggest event in the history of boxing, with Pacquiao.
Xiao Wang told The People’s Daily Online that he and his fellow graffiti artists – most of them design students – worked through the night to complete project ‘Beijing Warmth’. Phone booths in Beijing have been painted in the style of Disney character Baymax by graffiti artists . Artist Xiao Wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out Beijing residents who live stressful lives .
As poor visibility struck between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo on Saturday, the pilot made the decision to bring the plane down, and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft's undercarriage was damaged. Moody, 36, who is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues, as is the case with all bills. The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Dozens of local governments have similar bans, including Hawaii County and New York City. Opponents say it's unfair that a military veteran returning from service could be prevented from smoking.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
The Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency, according to a report. He fled justice in the US to Hong Kong, then Russia, where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location.
Burnley's Sam Vokes celebrates scoring against Tottenham in the FA Cup earlier this season, with Spurs defender Ben Davies turning away following the Clarets' equaliser in the third round at Turf Moor .
Facing charges: Andrea Bradley (left), 28, and Glen Bates (right), 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month . The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, he said. According to the prosecutors, at the time of her death Glenara weighted only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant. Deters said that in her final days, the toddler ate and slept in a bathtub filled with feces and blood.
The cobbles will be lifted from their current place, cut in half and then relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists . The history of the area dates back to the 19th century when Bristol Floating Harbour was built . The council tested the technique on a small patch  and said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support .
Also Friday, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said that about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa. UNHCR appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress. And underscoring the increasing toll being exacted by the conflict in Yemen, the World Health Organization said Friday that at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago.
Susan House amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time . A bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom after the explosion, which miraculously injured no one .
Lewis Hamilton’s feud with Nico Rosberg has erupted once more following an explosive press conference at the Chinese Grand Prix. But Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate, accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in China . The British driver crosses the line in Shanghai after holding off the challenge from Rosberg and Vettel . 17.
Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer. The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo, WGRZ reported. A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him - and a manhole soon went up toward the sky.
A bat suffering from arthritis has found an unusual cure for his pain by sipping on a mug of tea. Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea . Megan said she likes to record the day to day activities of the bats in the aviary and has a lot of fun with the flying creatures.
Scotland's First Minister, appearing on Newsnight tonight, said the Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the Tories and called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' She told Evan Davis that Ed Miliband had been 'bullied' by the Conservatives into ruling out a coalition deal . Labour leader Mr Miliband insisted at the weekend that he is 'not interested in deals' with the SNP.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began, and OCHA, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance. Even before Saudi airstrikes, most of the 25 million people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs, according to the United Nations. Bryony Jones contributed to this report .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . The rest of my family does not agree with the book. Chokal-Ingam says on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the St. Louis University School of Medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the United States. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000, and a fleet of vehicles used by the Allies in the Second World War. Dieter, 57, from Cologne, first came across a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago.
Fiji-born forward Hughes missed his side's Champions Cup quarter-final loss against Toulon last Sunday . North was left unconscious by the clash; a third blow to the head in the space of two months. He has since been advised to take a minimum of a month off from playing, to counter-act his concussion symptoms.
In a blog post, Wardy told how the mom, Veronica of Richland, Washington, wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children. The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, Honey Lemon and GoGo. On the normally progressive retailer's Web landing page for kids were photos that some parents felt played into gender stereotypes. "Really, TOMS?
His mother, Rosdeep Adekoya, beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy, Fife, in January last year. Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years. The review concluded that 'the circumstances that led to MK's death could not have been predicted'.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the Crucible audience . O'Sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow Englishman Craig Steadman in his socks . O'Sullivan claimed he was in discomfort during the match due to an injury he sustained in November .
'Feel free to shoot me. Retiring jockey  McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell . Those who doubt McCoy’s word will point out Redgrave came out of retirement to claim a fifth Olympic gold medal four years later in Sydney.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers because of restrictions that will squeeze profits. Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit. Capital One said it made perks 'no longer sustainable'.
The driver, Emerson Decarvalho, 38, stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident, which took place Sunday afternoon.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. The estate, which is on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a Prince George House.
Will Hatton hasn't been able to keep his feet firmly in one place since the age of 18. Pictured laying a water pipe, the 26-year-old picks up odd jobs wherever he travels . The keen traveller, who is currently making his way through the Philippines, has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30. Snow leopard tracks in the Himalayas: At one point, his travels led him to be strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine .
A prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on Facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online. Jail: Prisoner Royston Coates has posted a string of photographs from inside his jail cell .
Since then, paramedics have said the crash would certainly have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver.
A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz, the hostage who was killed. Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him.
But in fact mobile health apps are ‘fuelling anxiety’ and ‘eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’, warns a senior GP. The ‘untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy, says Dr Des Spence. Also writing in the BMJ, he said they had ‘great potential’ to reduce death risk by ‘encouraging healthy behaviour’.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as Rafa Benitez's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the Slovakian midfielder added a third after the break. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench before former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts. Gonzalo Higuain gave Napoli the lead with a smart finish via the outside his foot after 15 minutes .
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after the Court of Session cleared him to return as a director of the club.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk lived up to his nickname on Monday night by dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the Avengers: Age of Ultron movie. Hulk (centre) has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants in all competitions at present .
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty box . Referee: Michael Oliver 6 . Aaron Lennon converted the opening goal with 41 minutes gone. Lennon, on loan from Tottenham for the remainder of the season, fires in his second goal in three games for Roberto Martinez's side . Jonjo Shelvey's first-half strike was ruled out after Leighton Baines was adjuged to have been fouled in the build-up .
Louis van Gaal has piled pressure on Manchester City ahead of their games against Crystal Palace and United . Manchester United picked up all three points at the weekend by beating Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford . Manchester United have not beaten City at Old Trafford since Wayne Rooney's wonder goal in February 2011 . Man City vs Aston Villa - April 25 .
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in Melbourne's west. The car was travelling in Launching Place late on Friday night when the driver lost control and crashed into trees, causing it to roll over, police said.
A mother-of-two who posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to inspire others was horrified after they were removed for breaching the site's decency guidelines. Hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace with fiance David Johnstone, 22, in June last year.
Wes Hoolahan has been one of the Football League's best midfielders consistently with Blackpool and Norwich . MANAGER . The Football Manager Football League Team of the Decade, in full, as revealed at the Football League Awards .
Frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service. Shows such as Dad’s Army and Hancock’s Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem, which the BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
The last of the woolly mammoths (shown in the reconstruction above) were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago . The study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty, leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. It's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body, such as gold earrings (pictured).
The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . The words 'Star Wars', in the movie's distinctive font, adorns the body of the plane .
A 2-year-old dog from Des Moines named Tank won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University. A real beauty: Tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's Drake Relays .
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence. Greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested. The fence damages are estimated at $4,500. Greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
The world's highest-grossing fast food chain will be sharing a little more of its revenue with its workers, as the company revealed plans to raise wages at its restaurants across the US. McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate. Workers at fast food chains, including McDonald's, staged protests last year, asking companies to raise wages to $15 an hour and demanding a union.
Serge Gnabry says he is feeling 'better and better' all the time as the Arsenal teenager prepares to return after more than a year out. Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev murdered their 8-year-old son and permanently maimed their 7-year-old daughter, but Bill and Denise Richard do not want to see him executed. Last week a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line. No to execution: The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Next week marks the beginning of the penalty phase of the trial in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign . There have been lots of satisfactory contributions, a few excellent, but there hasn’t been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago. If Liverpool are going to clamber into the top four — still a possibility given Liverpool’s implosion — and win the FA Cup, much will depend on the little Brazilian.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, the 40,000-seater Al Rayyan Stadium . The Al Rayyan Stadium is shown from the side - it is expected to be completed in the early months of 2019 .
In a new video released by the champion's 'Money Team', Mayweather's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks, swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on 'snack day'. The chef adds a huge pack of M&Ms to the trolley as she spends over $300 on the star's sweet selection .
The wife of a Navy veteran who was battered to death with a claw hammer by his crazed pensioner neighbour has spoken of how stumbling upon the bloody scene will 'stay with me for ever'. Alan Rogers, 73, was sentenced  under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released . Enid Hatch's sister Betty Elston (pictured holding a child) was murdered in 1971 by a stranger who had absconded from a mental health institution .
But those two - plus Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique - have all made the semi-finals in their former club's absence from the competition. Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico. He is on loan from Manchester United . Patrice Evra was part of David Moyes' failing side last season but he now plays for Italian side Juventus .
But a new study of ancient stone tools contradicts this theory by suggesting human weapons were no better than those created by Neanderthals. They found the human tools (pictured) were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era . Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
This has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt. So credit Jose Mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him. Can Manuel still be the man? Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City . Paying the penalty .
A male student accused of raping his classmate has sued Columbia University for failing to protect him against backlash and harassment. Authorities rejected Emma Sulkowicz's case that Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was a 'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class. Nonetheless, the case gathered international attention as Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment. Nungesser became the target of international attacks following the claims, which were dismissed by a judge .
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night, despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. A 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm.
(The Hollywood Reporter)The author of a 2006 novel has accused the "Avengers" director and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard of stealing his idea. Joss Whedon Slams 'Jurassic World' Clip as "'70s-Era Sexist" In the complaint, Peter Gallagher (no, not that Peter Gallagher) claims Whedon and Goddard took the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" from his 2006 novel "The Little White Trip: A Night In the Pines."
One testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. Guilty: Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pictured here in court on Wednesday, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students . Each count carries a possible sentence of 1 to 15 years in prison.
In a speech today, Mr Miliband said there is 'nothing more British than the dream of home-ownership' as he sets out plans to prioritise new homes for local people.
Los Angeles (CNN)Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January in Compton, California. His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request.
Labour leader Ed Miliband stopped off at Praise House Community Church in Croydon for a question and answer session with worshippers . 'We must do everything we can to make sure that religious freedom is protected,' Mr Miliband said. I describe myself as a Jewish atheist.
Chris Sutton has told the SFA they must hold bungling officials to account. Inverness defender Josh Meekings (left) blocks a goal-bound header from Leigh Griffiths (right) with his hand . Celtic's Aleksandar Tonev (centre) surges forward with the ball during the Scottish Cup semi-final . Former Hoops striker Chris Sutton (pictured in 2005) has called for more accountability for officials .
The body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
Capturing the footage in Santa Barbara, California, Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water. On display appears to be the pelican’s tongue and, quite bizarrely, some inner bill anatomy.
His photo's appearance on milk cartons after his May 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. He confessed to police three years ago.
The Gunners are second in the Barclays Premier League following an eight-match winning run and face Reading on Saturday in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Dott, who is through to the last 16, remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw. I did well to get five frames.’ John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over Robert Milkins in his first-round clash in Sheffield .
Alan Pardew cups his ears during a clash between Crystal Palace against Stoke and the Eagles boss has refused to rule Manchester City out of the title race . Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match against City.
Blackman told Deputy District Judge Samantha Mace: ‘It was just a moment of madness. Blackman has been told by Blackpool boss Lee Clark that he is surplus to requirements at Bloomfield Road . He played for Arsenal’s academy between 2001-06, and Tottenham Hotspur’s between 2006-07.
He is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to Mr Kerar - a Section 4A Public Order offence. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county . The New York Yankees (left) and Boston Red Sox (right) come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite .
The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951. The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. However, the building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the Cold War, but now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home, complete with a swimming pool, a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase.
In fact the last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney’s late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory. United sit above  City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results . United have forced their way above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013, and should Louis van Gaal’s red-hot team beat their suddenly-fragile rivals on Sunday afternoon, they will move four points clear of the defending champions. Manchester City 4-1 Manchester United, September 2013 .
Project: Peter Thurston started building the unusual vessel while he was doing through a divorce . 'Then I took the catamaran down to the ship yard and we lifted the caravan onto it. Home: The catamavan cruises up and down the River Swale in Kent, near Mr Thurston's home .
Andre Schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Former Chelsea forward Schurrle admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him .
Clay Aiken, the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress, uncorked some show-biz venom Monday on the election's winner, Rep. Renee Ellmers. The show is called 'The Runner-Up,' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of American Idol. A spokeswoman for Ellmers scoffed at Aiken, telling Daily Mail Online that his 'crude language and disrespectful demeanor towards the congresswoman has proven to the American people why he is a runner up.' 'Within the next decade I will [run] again,' he said.
(CNN)UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices. (This probably wouldn't be the most virtuous application of the technology.) To create their invisible buttons, UltraHaptics use a small collection of ultrasonic speakers, concentrating the sound waves to a specific point.
Sponge Bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries after she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski on Monday . The six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties .
The 28-year-old has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool, to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career. Naismith (centre) teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club .
That is why this annual Q&A session -- in which Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement. Sanctions and Russia's deep economic crisis, which saw the value of the Russian currency, the ruble, plunge in value by 50% against the dollar, is set to be a major a theme. Critics of the Kremlin, of course, slam this entire event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action.
Informed he had been out-qualified by his championship rival for the third straight race, an exasperated Rosberg said: ‘Oh, come on, guys’, over the team radio. The German was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping Hamilton before the chequered flag fell.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the Conservatives than Labour, MailOnline can reveal. One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats – with not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband's Labour. 20/1 Royal baby to be born on general election day .
Raheem Sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring Liverpool's opener in the first half at Anfield . Referee: Lee Mason. Ratings by Ian Ladyman at Anfield . Dejan Lovren, who was lucky not to give away a penalty, challenges Newcastle forward Ayoze Perez . Sterling shakes hands with manager Brendan Rodgers after he was substituted for Fabio Borini in the second half . Allen is mobbed by his team-mates after securing three points for Liverpool that closed the gap on Manchester City . With the result settled there was still time for Newcastle’s Moussa Sissoko to get himself sent off.
Chelsea football manager Jose Mourinho has revealed that he talks to God every day, but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife. Despite his intensely arrogant persona on the sideline, Mourinho claims that he is a good person.
Chloe Knapton, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, had to have surgery after a man shattered her car window with a bottle, causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck. Chloe Knapton, 21 (pictured left) has been left with horrific injuries and is 'unable to smile' (right) after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . The attack took place when Ms Knapton stopped on New Road in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire (pictured) to remove a bike out of her way .
The sickly sweet dessert - which contains an astonishing 5,000 calories - is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25. However, for  customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
And has Ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions? Ohio is much stronger today. We've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones.
Fabian Orellana collects a lump of grass from the ground before throwing it towards Sergio Busquets . Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday night.
Child star: Shirley Temple made her name as the child actor who cheered America through the Depression but in later years she was a committed Republican who wanted to serve her country . Bitter ex: John Agar, who was Shirley Temple's first husband, was determined to bad mouth her as the FBI launched a detailed background check when she was nominated for office by Richard Nixon. The claims were revealed in FBI files obtained by Daily Mail Online through Freedom of Information requests. She died last year aged 85 having been married to her second husband Charles Black until his death in 2005.
Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor, as had been widely reported, but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts, including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips, Ottawa-based consultancy Chipworks said.
The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks. The sentencing phase of the trial begins on April 21.
'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners. Stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent. Stewart said he didn't have many regrets from his time hosting the Comedy Central show, but one was not pushing Donald Rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
Chris Brynarsky (back left) was killed in his custom car detail shop in October 2006. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car . On Good Friday, John Brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message.
Model Karlie Kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer teen girls around the country scholarships to the academy's software engineering program this summer. The 22-year-old's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy. Karlie says it was this revelation that inspired her to share her passion with other girls across the country.
'I cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' said Mourinho, as his club prepare for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final, at Manchester City. Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation that he cannot use them all at once . Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been part of the the first-team at Chelsea and is set to get his chance next season . But to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague . One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles, according to research .
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops. Mansour Mansour, who runs the Al Bouraq publishing house specialising on Islam and the Middle East, said his sales have shot up by 30 per cent since the attacks. He said: 'The same happened after the September 11 attacks in 2001.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players. As they cast their vote, each fan will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky winner getting the chance to present the Player of the Month trophy to the selected player.
An artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses Photoshop to create whimsical, mind-bending pictures that would give Salvador Dali a run for his money. Once he  started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy.
Murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Argentina's Juan Monaco. Andy Murray pumps his first after defeating Dominic Thiem to reach the Miami Open semi finals . Murray was presented with a celebratory cake after winning his 500th match in the previous round .
Doris Fuller's daughter, Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month. Treatment: When she featured in the video, Natalie told how she was living in a treatment facility and caring for animals in a bid to get better .
Now his girlfriends Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from East London. The women say they do not 'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation where they both love him - as well as each other. Brooke, right, and Jane appeared on today's This Morning with boyfriend Adam to explain how their polyamorous relationship works and makes them all happy .
Peter Hiett, a decorated former prison guard at Feltham Young Offenders Institution, said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences. Despite calls for an overhaul, Feltham was named last year as the most violent prison in England and Wales by the Howard League for Penal Reform.
: A New Jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife 'abused her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to Pink's December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark (pictured). A judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they are preteen-appropriate .
And Foot Locker have released a follow-up where Pacquiao acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather. Tickets for the highly-anticipated encounter sold out within 60 seconds on Thursday evening. Pacquiao joked in an advert back in November about fighting Mayweather before the contract was signed .
John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland on Sunday . Carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 . 'He said he was going to leave out Alan and Duncan. By the end of the week he had quit.
With the rain clearing, a woman known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street. 'I am actively looking for you,' the poster reads.
Saracens are sweating over the availability of Billy Vunipola for Saturday’s Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont after the No 8 was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt. The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon and could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police with rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United all in London this weekend. Rivals Manchester United, Leeds and Liverpool will all be in the capital over the weekend .
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news . 'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners. Stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent. Stewart said he didn't have many regrets from his time hosting the Comedy Central show, but one was not pushing Donald Rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
Newcastle will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin when they take on rivals Sunderland in Sunday’s crunch derby after floundering in recent weeks without banned striker Papiss Cisse. Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals - 10 of those were decisive . Take those goals away and the Premier League reads somewhat differently.
The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. By Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but Iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted Iraqi forces remain in full control.
Alec Stewart stands at the KIA Oval ahead of a Surrey team photo shoot on Thursday . But, of course, if it was the right role, you’d be stupid not to look at it. Stewart was a wicketkeeper-batsman for England. To me, it’s straightforward.
He was a Native American with eagle feathers at a religious gathering of tribes. But not in the eyes of the feds. Soto, however, petitioned the federal Interior Department to return his feathers. The feds said no, because he wasn't from a recognized tribe.
Munster have signed New Zealand international Francis Saili on a two-year deal. Utility back Saili, who made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013, will move to the province later this year after the completion of his 2015 contractual commitments.
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors. The baby died . The child was sealed inside a plastic bag, which was wrapped in a tote bag. Initially, Pappas claimed she had a miscarriage but an autopsy suggests the baby died by suffocation.
The woman, who has been named locally as Nguyen Thi Hang, 35, was stopped by a VietJet Air employee who believed her two pieces of hand luggage weighed more than the 7kg permitted.
Kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen, until she's no longer physically able. Kim was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea. I am the evidence," she says.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, revealed that he is now unemployed as he lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. In January, Rhodri Giggs spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan's eight-year affair with his then wife Natasha .
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds. Justin Bieber (left) and Lil Wayne enter the ring with Floyd Mayweather before he fought Canelo Alvarez at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas in September 2013 .
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos, while Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. And in nearby Burundi, albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers.
Lawyers for Brett Peter Cowan, who was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old schoolboy Daniel Morcombe in 2014, will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal, citing a potential bias in the case. Daniel Morcombe's killer Brett Peter Cowan mugshot, four months into his prison sentence in July this year .
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job. By contrast in Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only around 40 per cent did.
The former Wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends, family and his fiancee. Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman - an appointment that has taken on greater significance since his coach Amelie Mauresmo announced she is pregnant.
The mutilated body of a missing elderly British woman has been found 'in two different areas' of a southern French region and a man charged with her murder, local prosecutors say. Local police have arrested and charged a 32-year-old suspect, who they say was known to Mrs Price . French police collect evidence at the home of Violet Price, who went missing on Saturday after attending a dinner party .
Angered that her in-laws had stopped her husband from doing chores around the home, she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year. Rekha Nagvanshi (pictured), 30, was caught urinating into the tea she was serving to her in-laws .
A young woman who thought she was doing her grocery alone made a surprising discovery after finding a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley. Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away. Snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store .
Testimony: Charlie Bothuell (pictured), now 13, was found in the basement of his family's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search. On Tuesday, he testified in court against his father and stepmother . 'Weapon': He said his home was a 'very terrible' place where he was beaten with this plastic pipe (pictured being presented as evidence in court), forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids . Accused: 'It was a very terrible place to be,' Charlie said. Defendants: The hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send Bothuell IV (left) and his partner (right) to trial for alleged torture and child abuse.
Manchester City have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off at Crystal Palace. The move is likely to cost the club in the region of £12,000.
The sands are awash with thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures known as velella velella. The small creatures are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington during strong winds this time of year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies. Awash: The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose .
Now Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) revealing distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. The above artist's impression shows Messenger as it orbits above the surface of Mercury.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. Mrs Peacock (pictured with daughters Kacie, left, and Willow, right), who has a rare form of stomach cancer, has been refused a drug which could help her battle the disease . NHS England declined to comment.
Pretty Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from celebrity Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Tearful: Older sister Gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about Agnese's whereabouts . Suspicion: Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper (left) and pal Craig Porter (right) were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella .
After finishing seventh last season, their lowest position since in the Premier League era, United currently sit third in the table this term - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position.
St Mirren's Steven Thompson acidentally speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole in training last week . McGinn (left) will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg by the pole . Thompson threw one at McGinn in jest – and to his horror it stabbed him on the leg, leaving him requiring hospital attention. But then blood started pouring out of the hole.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease. At present, there is no cure for MS but  the symptoms can be treated. Source: Multiple Sclerosis Trust .
The Spanish lawyer said she had been 'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years and would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7, but took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with. It comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' which is losing all grip on the party.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One. The brand has 860 stores nationwide, serving fried chicken to 22 million customers a year.
In southern Germany, hundreds of horse riders and spectators braved the snow for their traditional Easter Monday procession . Held in Traustein, Germany, the Easter horseback parade, known as the Georgiritt, dates back to the 18th century. In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men throw buckets of water on women as part of the Easter weekend celebrations .
Brendan Rodgers has urged Liverpool to turn Wembley back into 'Anfield South' and believes an FA Cup semi-final victory over Aston Villa on Sunday would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. Brendan Rodgers leads Liverpool for the first time at Wembley since arriving at the club in 2012 .
Witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair . A car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage, and police are investigating if the two incidents are related.
Baboucarr Ceesay, a talented footballer from The Gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths.
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain. It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain, Supt Cooper said.
His attachment with the Australian Defence Force will continue after Gallipoli commemorations in Turkey, when he will return to Australia to spend time with Australian Army units in Perth and Sydney. Locals who live in one of the most remote places on earth got the surprise of their lives when Prince Harry turned up unannounced. 'He just rocked up,' said delighted Barry Trust, a resident of the tiny township which sits 600 miles away from the nearest city - Darwin. 'Prince Harry has been to Australia twice before, so he knows he is in for a great experience.
A Saudi Arabian citizen has captured intense footage of a sandstorm sweeping its way across a street, engulfing everything in its path. Car crashes were also reported in other areas as parts of the Arabian Peninsula   were plunged into darkness.
Reflective Loch Earn perfectly captured on the Europcar trip, which combined Danish and Scottish photographers for a promotional campaign . As there is no railway access to the Isle of Skye the Instagrammers set off by car to the Isle of Skye, approximately a five hour drive from Edinburgh although the reality was much different. Old Man of Storr: The company stated the online response has been magnificent, with people from around the globe having joined in on the #MovingSkyewards hashtag .
Pro-Ukip businessman Harvey Boulter (above), who forced Liam Fox to resign as Defence Secretary, is behind an extraordinary bid to defeat a ‘golden boy’ Tory candidate .
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement. The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
I Am Jazz is a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues . Allyn Hutton, the superintendent of the local district, admitted that parents should have been first notified .
The choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. BEST BUDGET BUY . Chill Factor Ice Cream Maker, £12.99, johnlewis.com . BEST FOR RETRO FANS .
Dietrich Evans has been arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford in the head in a road rage attack . She said the pair had an angry exchange and the driver  then began taunting her.
The mini-Martha Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious – and lucrative – title. Meanwhile, Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee, who serves as the channel's 'chief taste tester', are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
We all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods. Here, Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test .
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009, and is set to go under the hammer on May 23. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres . The fashionista and her husband bought the property of James Packer's right hand man in Watson's Bay in March.
It has the most famous zebra crossing in the world outside it, and has hosted every major name in music in the last 80 years, but Abbey Road studios has never before been open to the public. The app works in the same way as Google Street View, with visitors navigating their way around with a point and click of the mouse, enabling them to scan more than 150 360-degree images that make up the experience .
An eight-year-old boy was taken to hospital after falling victim to a prank when he was suffocated until he passed out. The 'sleeper' prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen. Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents. 'It has to stop before we have a terrible tragedy on our hands.
Caught on camera: A video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen . As the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
First, it's important to understand that the principle "out of sight, out of mind" doesn't apply in the communities of Gulf Coast states. Taking the time and effort to understand our natural resources before we exploit them is another. Despite its importance to navigation, fishing, oil and gas development, and maritime safety, our understanding of how the Gulf system works remains extremely limited.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe expects the club's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the Barclays Premier League. Slavisa Jokanovic is not looking beyond Birmingham as Watford chase automatic promotion . Ipswich, Brentford and Wolves make up the four teams battling it out for the last two play-off places.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son (pictured) were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them. Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived . It was as Ms Berry was parking, that the Cadillac pulled up and the man in the front passenger seat jumped out and shot at her and her son with two handguns. Scene: When they noticed the Cadillac was following them, the mother and son asked a police officer for help.
But the discovery of a ‘clump’ lagging behind a galaxy suggests that it may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought. Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
Everton defender Leighton Baines (right), pictured in action against Newcastle, is a big music lover . The England international is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys front-man Alex Turner . Baines admits that he doesn't know any of One Direction's songs despite their global success .
The only other prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself, according to a leaked affidavit . He was taken straight to the hospital, and died a week later due to a severed spinal cord. The Baltimore Police Department is still conducting their investigation into Gray's arrest. The report was released on the same day that a family member of one of the six officers involved in Gray's arrest spoke out to defend their loved one on CNN. She says her law enforcement relative, who she says is African American, believes Gray was injured before he was taken away in the police van on April 12.
Chris Tremlett has backed his Surrey team-mate Kevin Pietersen to make an international comeback . Paul Downton was sacked from his position as managing director of England cricket .
Veteran Leeds prop Kylie Leuluai is facing the prospect of another six weeks on the sidelines after being told he needs shoulder surgery.
Taken at the dawn of photography, these unique pictures are some of the first ever taken of the city of Bristol, nearly 100 years before much of its historic centre was destroyed by Nazi bombing. They are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow. Pictured left is what the towering structure looked like in the 19th century after being snapped by Hugh Owen and, right, how it appears now .
Leeds Rhinos veteran Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club on Friday night .
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn takes on Ricky Hatton on his return to the ring . The 51-year-old Dark Destroyer does a spot of pad work with the Hitman at his Manchester gym . Ilford-born Benn shows he still has what it takes as he moves Hatton around the ring in Manchester .
This is the moment the pop star daughter of a Mexican drugs lord broke into court in the middle of the night with gun-toting bodyguards – to shoot a music video. Plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the Mexican Navy last year. The stunning singer, who owns three pet tigers and boasts about her lavish lifestyle on Instagram, only recently admitted who her father was.
Using their computer models they were able to simulate how the populations of Neanderthals would change depending on their use of fire. They found that if modern humans used fire more often than Neanderthals, then their populations would grow. But as modern human populations grew, it would also reduce the number of reindeer available for Neanderthals. Over time this could have increased Neanderthals vulnerability to extinction.
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. Where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom.
The Morleys, from Casuarina on the north coast of NSW, released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'. Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother . The video quickly went viral, and was shared and liked around the world, as well as used by dwarfism awareness websites as inspirational. The Morley's, who said they aren't very different from many other parents, are passionate about raising the profile of Achondroplasia in Australia.
Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates. Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months. Locked up: Smith was arrested a Macon bar and appeared in court for the first time on Wednesday, where she was arraigned on 13 counts of animal cruelty.
The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina. Ali Lovegrove from the Lincolnshire-based stockist  told FEMAIL that the Merfin has been 'very popular' in recent months with a rush expected as beach-goers prepare for their summer breaks.
'I thought I would add a little flair to it, plus I was bored on a Sunday.' The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial, which Greenblatt-Seay sometimes interjects with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to the 2002 car .
Jordan Henderson (left) toiled as a wing back in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal and lost the ball 23 times . John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during his impressive display in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle . The France international’s tap-in from Eden Hazard’s pass for the winner against Stoke was his fifth Premier League goal of the season from just 456 minutes on the pitch.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie was the hero at the Stadium of Light having scored a hat-trick for the Eagles against Sunderland . Alan Pardew's side were headed into a second-half lead thanks to this effort from striker Glenn Murray on 48 minutes . Bolasie was the provider for the opener when his cross was deflected onto the brow of Murray, who planted home from four yards for his sixth goal in as many matches.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday. The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
Mr Jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver's license and was hit in the stomach. Aim: This is the moment South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert opened fire on Levar Jones, who was unarmed and had his back to the officer. He had stopped him over a suspected seatbelt violation . Sean Groubert has been sacked as a state trooper, and charged with felony assault over the shooting . I am sorry…Sir, why was I shot? He faces a life sentence if found guilty of murder and has been sacked from his force .
The lunar event - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said.
Wherehouse Music. Many stores will host live performances, drawings, book signings, special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings.
The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. But, the one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature in a bill that GOP Gov. The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four. The number of cash assistance recipients in Kansas has dropped 63per cent since Brownback took office, to about 14,700 in February. Brownback said the decline confirms the success of his policies, but critics note that U.S. Census Bureau figures show the state's child poverty rate remaining at about 19per cent through 2013.
The Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. The series next moves to South Africa and Cape Town, where Alistair Brownlee is expected to start while brother Jonathan will not.
Pupil Xiao Gao, aged 11, (pictured) from Fujian in south east China, has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he 'does not get on with' gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust .
John Kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
Manchester United thumped Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday to move four points clear of their cross-town rivals. Manchester City, meanwhile, have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders and looking over their shoulders at the likes of Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton.
Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson had topsy-turvy nights in Week 12 of the Betway Premier League in Cardiff. The Dutchman's evening suffered a blip when he was beaten by Anderson during his second match of the night.
Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . I have had nits at least 100 times.
Eventually, she told the medical staff that she had delivered a baby in her home in Granger, Indiana. His report claimed 'the child had been born alive and had taken a breath'. St Joseph Superior Court heard that Ms Patel, pictured, purchased abortion drugs from Hong Kong online . According to the South Bend Tribune, prosecutors had urged Judge Hurley to hand down a 40-year jail term.
David with his last wide Ndey, who was a bigamist . The text David received telling him that his wife was pregnant with another man's baby .
Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville has laid into referee Lee Mason after he failed to award Newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at Liverpool on Monday night. An incident in the 38th minute of the game, saw Ayoze Perez felled by a reckless challenge from Dejan Lovren.
The amazing illusion is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
(CNN)There was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that Rolling Stone retracted on Sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed: The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. After the article published, UVA admitted this and instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward -- although that policy was never defined, so it's unclear what it means.
Officers from Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division – which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent – posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici, insisting the Reading stopper was 'the best player on the pitch' despite his costly error in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final. The Australian let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time . Szczesny was also at fault for the Reading goal when he let Gareth McCleary's shot find a way into the net .
But the property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door, the Wall Street Journal reported. Stunning: The home, which was built in 2008, is made from materials brought over from the homeowner's trips to Italy .
Influencers: Lindy Klim (left) and Sjana Earp (right), both fitness enthusiasts, modelled wares from We Are Handsome's new Activewear range . Lifestyle: Speaking to Daily Mail Australia, Lindy revealed that she works out for two hours a day at home in Bali, and finds it a lot easier to eat healthily there than in Australia, where her social life sees her out for dinner most nights .
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay. PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for Holland international Depay as have Paris St Germain but Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives. Liverpool hope to convince 21-year-old Depay that he would get more regular football with them . I like him better. CLICK HERE to read Sportsmail's full background article on Memphis Depay.
In 2008, Naomi Jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son, in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old. Overnight, she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory. Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .
The image - showing Geraldine Schultz, 67, was blown from the home where she died in Fairdale, Illinois, to the town of Harvard, 35 miles away. Harvard resident Alyssa Murray found the photograph in the wake of the powerful storm, which also killed another Fairdale woman in her 60s. Other items posted online have made it even farther afield. A family photograph traveled 70 miles - and over the state line - to wind up in Racine, Wisconsin.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Crispin Sinclair (shown with the bike) is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage, ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine. But his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine . For me Farage was diminished during this debate, perhaps the only casualty of the night, and it was the women who finally took him down with a few small swats. Nicola Sturgeon’s speech about ‘breaking up the old boys network’ finished off the coup and between Sturgeon, Wood and Bennett we got a glimpse of what political debate might be in the future without all the showboating, over-trained, incongruent performances.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. Prime Minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to health service .
Alexis Sanchez is developing a fondness for Wembley Stadium. Two goals for Chile against England were followed by two goals in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading. The Chile international struck his second goal to save Arsenal in extra-time . The 26-year-old also scored a brace at Wembley in Chile's 2-0 defeat of England in November 2013 . ‘The Cup final is better than any doctor,’ quipped the Arsenal boss.
McClaren admitted there had been interest in him from Newcastle around the turn of the year, when Alan Pardew left as manager to take over at Crystal Palace. The other is thought to be Carver. On the reports linking him with Newcastle, McClaren added: 'I haven't got a clue if I'm a candidate for the Newcastle job.
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at Marseille as the home side's alarming slump continued at the Stade Velodrome. Lorient's Jordan Ayew celebrates with team mates after scoring against Marseille in a 5-3 away victory .
MYSTERY MACHINE: Hillary Clinton's Secret Service-approved campaign van, nicknamed 'Scooby,' was photographed outside Jones Street Java House during a campaign visit on April 14 in Le Claire, Iowa . Clinton talked with a panel of six at Kirkwood Community College on Tuesday in the school's auto-technology shop . The manager, Charles Wright, told Daily Mail Online that 'it's true nobody recognized her.' 'We're here to see the queen.' As Clinton's van pulled into the Kirkwood parking lot - trailed at a short distance by a black Humvee - Evans waved a sign and repeatedly shouted, 'Give the Saudi money back!' That's a reference to the millions of dollars the Saudi Arabian government donated to the Clinton Foundation while Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state.
Rafa Benitez has admitted he tried to raid former club Chelsea to sign Andre Schurrle before the midfielder joined Wolfsburg in January. Luiz Gustavo, linked with a January move to Napoli, trains on the eve of the Europa League tie for Wolfsburg .
The "FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World" issue goes on sale Thursday, April 30.
Petty Holdings, which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, released a statement Sunday night about the crash.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone . But after the death of his mother in 2012 from a brain tumour, Mr Thompson turned to food as a means of coping with his grief. Dinner: Chinese or Indian takeaway of up to £25 five nights a week . Alongside takeaways Mr Thompson spends £10 a day on chocolate, typically Yorkie bars. Mr Thompson has put on 30 stone since 2012 (pictured above) when his mother died .
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season, through injury and omission . With the Welshman, Real have a 69 per cent win record, far from disastrous, recording 29 wins, four draws and nine losses.
All U.S. Consulate personnel were safe and accounted for following the explosion, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said. After that blast, a car moved in the direction of the consulate.
The British national, of Polish origin but who has not been named, was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front, according to reports. Members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50, including Bridget Jones' Diary and Aviator. Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent more likely to binge drink.
Sebastian Rode scored in the 38th minute and Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time as Bayern, with youngsters Mitchell Weiser and Gianluca Gaudino in the lineup, opened a 13-point lead over second-placed VfL Wolfsburg, in action against Schalke 04 on Sunday, with five matches left.
The lawsuit also noted that Ariana is African-American and Izzo is white. Ariana said she grabbed the woman's jacket to move her away. Two of her teeth were broken, too. She filed an internal affairs complaint but police ratified Izzo's conduct.
This is the shocking moment Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator at a shopping centre in Malaysia . The six-year-old was out shopping with her mother and sister at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu, Malaysia .
Nursultan Nazarbayev, who has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan after winning 97 per cent of the vote . But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates with most of his vocal opponents either being jailed or fled abroad. Nazarbayev told a news conference after his victory that if he had interfered in the vote, it would have been undemocratic .
Cool it: New Jersey schoolteacher Cheryl Meyer told Chris Christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting Tuesday .
The world record holder for 12 years, Radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final London Marathon . Radcliffe smiles at the front of the mass group as the elite men prepare to set off on their run . The 41-year-old sets off with the main field after having barely run since February due to injury . Radcliffe became the first recipient of the London Marathon lifetime achievement award after the race .
Danger: Residents from nearby towns said people were crying in the streets after the volcano erupted without warning at 6pm local time . Shocking: While the first eruption occurred in the middle of the afternoon, the plume of ash and smoke was visible well into the evening from towns 100 miles away in Argentina .
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm. Police told the News that four people were arrested, and will be charged in due course.
These are your best videos of the week: . Leave it to NASA to create a car that might make the problems of parallel parking a thing of the past.
When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Angela has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth .
(CNN)In a sobering example of life imitating art, the chaos sweeping the streets of Baltimore may have been partly inspired by a series of action-horror movies. The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "The Purge: Anarchy," about a dystopian future America where on one day each year, all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes, including murder, become temporarily legal.
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with her Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge . Ennis-Hill will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of  May . At the Olympics I want to medal.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region - one of the hardest hit areas in the state - where three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years.
Sergey Bubka, Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president, launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping.
READING (4-4-2) Adam Federici 6 . Made a string of excellent saves before THAT moment he'll want to forget. Michael Hector 8.5 . Alexis Sanchez 8 . Not his most influential afternoon but still popped up with two goals at Wembley.
The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible should she win three qualifiers, but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion Ken Doherty.
Confidence in the QPR camp is high heading into Tuesday's crucial Barclays Premier League match at Aston Villa. The win also saw the west London club to end a five-game losing run, while they remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety. Chris Ramsey urges his players to calm down during the 4-1 win against West Brom on Saturday . 'The players have this belief.'
This is the moment that Niamh Geaney, right, met her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, left for the first time . They meet! It was truly amazing. Karen (right) turned out to be a fellow Ireland native who lived just an hour down the road from Niamh (left), making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . Niamh (right) said she and Karen (left) got on 'very well' as they both applied make-up before the shoot, swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities (pictured) Friends for life?
The U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target. We are not prepared for that,' he warned. Alexander also voice his concern about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as ISIS.
Manny Pacquiao says he has to fight Floyd Mayweather like it is the last of his life when he touches gloves with the undefeated American in the $300m bout on May 2. Manny Pacquiao says he will have to be a warrior against Floyd Mayweather but is convinced he will win .
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the Muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. But Naseem, the investigating officer, now says police have no doubt Bibi committed suicide.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but for rival design house Givenchy. he told her. 'I would really love to see you dressed in Givenchy.'
At the annual conference for New America in Washington last week, the focus was on innovation. The most important obviously is simply practical. Local policymakers and experts developed these programs for many years before they were ever brought to the national stage.
Jailed: Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, Hargreaves said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex'.
In their last 10 league matches they've scored just seven times, resulting in a haul of 14 points from a potential 30. Southampton manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make Europe . Koeman is trying to lead Southampton into the Europa League and they are currently seventh on 53 points .
A 'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday. 'Mr. Tingley, basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children.' Mlive reports that Tingley's perverted accomplice Randy Stevens, 45, was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury for 'allowing Tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults.' Stevens will be sentenced on April 16.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville, Michigan . Critics have accused Klawiter of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month .
As the countdown continues to Floyd Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2, The Money Man's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father.
Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. Sky Sports pundit  Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week .
James McCarthy finishes past David de Gea to put Everton ahead in just the fifth minute, following a blistering counter-attack . James McCarthy's goal came from a swift counter-attack after Manchester United had a corner. Goals: McCarthy 5, Stones 35, Mirallas 74 . EVERTON . MANCHESTER UNITED .
David Cameron and Boris Johnson warned of a looming 'constitutional crisis' last night after Scotland's former First Minister Alex Salmond was caught boasting: 'I'm writing Labour's budget.' The London Mayor, deployed to inject more passion into the Tory campaign, claimed it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'. Alex Salmond boasted that he would write Labour's first budget because the SNP would hold the balance of power .
A divorcee who claims her ex-husband cheated her out of a multi-million-pound fortune has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the Supreme Court. But husband Charlie had lied about the value of his share in AppSense, and she now says she is entitled to more.
The No Man's Fort has been transformed by AmaZing Venues to become a luxury hotel, and is set to open on April 23 . The sea fort is located 2km out at sea, meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat. Described on the website as '75,000 sq ft of fun,' adventurers can unwind overlooking the spectacular rooftop views, whilst enjoying a BBQ, before retiring to one of the 23 luxury suites which cost £450 per night. Those who have the means to splash out on the best suite in the fort, the plush lighthouse facilities can cost £1,150 a night during the summer.
Twitter fight: Sarah Sparkman (left), a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized - and was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry (right) despite not tagging her in the tweet . Although they did not tag McHenry in the tweet, the 28-year-old reporter found it and began berating Sparkman. If you work as hard as you say you do, you wouldn't bash more successful ppl on twitter.' she says. 'Cos I'm on television and you're in a f---ingg trailer, honey.'
British scientists have discovered an ‘Achilles’ heel’ in prostate cancer which could lead to better treatments. The latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness.
The marathon historically happens on a Monday. "I think today will always be a little emotional for me -- Marathon Monday is my favorite day of the year, and will continue to be, despite these tragedies," Boston resident Lindsey Berkowitz told CNN.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. The attack on the dairy factory comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president, Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to return to the country, after he fled the southern port city of Aden last week.
'We have seven Barclays Premier League games to go and an FA Cup quarter-final. Brendan Rodgers catches the ball during Liverpool's 4-1 defeat by Arsenal on Saturday . Liverpool will be without Emre Can on Tuesday night after the German was sent off at the Emirates .
Bath centre Ollie Devoto barges over for the opening try at Kingston Park . Bath fly half George Ford fires over a conversion from the sideline at Kingston Park .
The Prime Minister has revealed eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family. This is a very energetic campaign.' The PM added: 'She sometimes stands on a table outside the pub in Cadsden recounting the story of how she was left [there].
Stuart McCall insists he's loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South . But the focus will have sharpened since Gers suffered their first defeat under his watch when they lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, who worked at the exclusive Tower Hill school in Delaware, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013. He was sentenced by Superior Court Judge Eric M. Davis on Friday, the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in December. He insisted that the court wanted to paint Wheeler as 'Mr Filthy' insisting there is 'no proof he knew' the child images were there. Founded in 1919 by Du Pont family members, Tower's Hill's graduates include US Senator Chris Coons, former Governor and Congressman. Mike Castle and television personality Dr. Oz .
Days after he was found dead, then-NFL star Aaron Hernandez was arrested and charged with murder. Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide.
A University of Virginia student whose reputation was trashed by Rolling Stone's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart. Taking to task: Alex Stock, right, who was portrayed as a callous social climber in Rolling Stone's UVA discredited campus rape story said the magazine should be held accountable . The article recounted the event in vivid, graphic detail based on Jackie's account. The review spelled out extensive contact between Erdely and Jackie, spanning eight interviews.
She might be celebrating her 75th birthday, but an overjoyed Queen Margrethe of Denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace. Other members of the Danish Royal Family to attend the event included Margrethe's sister Princess Benedikte, 70, who chose a summery floral dress with a square neck and sheer train. Joyful: The crowds were particularly delighted when Queen Margrethe appeared on the balcony .
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicde . Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka Adebamiro stabbed . She was arraigned and committed to the Delores J Baylor Women’s Correctional Institution where she is being held without bail.
While they kept quiet among themselves, both had a further say in public about the dispute that broke out after the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ‘racer’ and Rosberg is not. Lewis Hamilton (right) and Nico Rosberg have both had their say on Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix .
The puzzling problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook.
Ronny Deila is preparing for the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness, believing Celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes. The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership with six games to play .
But having played his part in the 1-0 quarter-final win at Blackburn, Lucas is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter with Aston Villa on April 19. He admits victory over Blackburn was important after back-to-back Premier League defeats put a huge dent in their Champions League aspirations. Simon Mignolet (left) produced another commanding display in goal for Liverpool at Ewood Park .
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
It all started when a group of 10 physicians from across the country emailed a letter to Columbia University expressing disapproval that Oz is on the faculty. Oz is vice chair of the Department of Surgery, at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He said he just wants him to "follow the basic rules of science and state what he knows as fact as fact and state what he doesn't know as fact as not fact."
The court in Agouza, west of Cairo, said Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000  after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. Offending dress: An Egyptian court has sentenced popular Armenian belly dancer 'Safinaz' to six months in prison for 'insulting the Egyptian flag' after she wore a tight dress in its red, white and black color scheme .
But at the policy launch, economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip. In its election manifesto, Ukip has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey, produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag, though?
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson has been filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. Goooo the Power! Hawks coach Alastair Clarkson, pictured, was 'pushed and shoved all the way to the door,' says Hawthorn CEO .
The Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy, even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10. It comes after the Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP – and laid out what the party must do to get it. But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course', it was reported by anti-ISIS informants in the city. 'Freedom of expression has become a crime, so you can not oppose a decision issued by the group.
Chris Ramsey believes his friend and neighbour Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League . QPR celebrate the second of their four goals against West Brom from Charle Austin (right) A second win in the Birmingham area in four days would send QPR above Villa on goal difference.
The ultra-sporty Honda Civic Concept car is presented at the New York International Auto Show, Wednesday . The Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version of the Honda Civic around the globe .
Pippa Middleton, left, is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her new royal niece or nephew . And if they're having trouble settling the baby and need to resort to the pushchair the royal couple can pace around the grounds of Kensington Palace in safety thanks to Buggi Lights flashing ladybirds, which clip on to the pushchair's chassis and come with white forward facing and red rear facing flashing lights - just like a car.
For a massive computer glitch that halted trading in stock exchanges around the world yesterday is being blamed on a spilt fizzy drink. Dealing across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash of the server at Bloomberg's offices in the City of London. But reports from inside the company suggested that a spilled can of Coke in one of the server rooms had been responsible for knocking out systems across two continents.
A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian's highly-anticipated selfie book Selfish, which were signed and numbered by the reality star, sold out less than a minute after going on sale. In addition to bearing the selfie queen's signature, the special versions, which retailed for $60 per book, also came complete with a special cover featuring a bikini-clad image of the star.
Mr Clegg said the first of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms. It would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college', which goes further than the Tories or Labour have promised.
Pensioners and neighbours have criticised the £750,000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation which they say has made it look like Legoland. But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home. Hayley Selway, head of housing for Vale of Glamorgan council said the aim of the refurbishment was to 'change the look and feel of the property and bring it into the 21st century'.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Good effort: Mr Edmond, centre, rolled the barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire . Helping out: Mike Tindall ran the final few miles alongside Mr Edmond .
The House In The Sea is connected by a 100ft suspension bridge, which stretches 90ft above the ground . When the tide is in, the House In The Sea is completely surrounded by waves, making for a peaceful retreat .
Two Britons are thought to be among seven people who were killed when a light aircraft crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Dominican Republic today. It is believed the pilot  was attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from Punta Cana when the plane struck the ground in a golf course and burst into flames.
Rangers' teenage striker Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton on Saturday . Hardie's brace comes as Rangers boss Stuart McCall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players .
Caitlin, pictured, was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy minutes after she was born . Ms Kellie-Jones, right, wants to raise £16,000 for additional cooling machines to help save other babies . 'I'm trying to raise money now for two cerebral function machines for the hospital, which monitor brain activity for any signs of brain damage, and, if I raise enough, another cooling machine for the neonatal unit.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. - he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' Food fail: Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' After Sam's ruled out of the game, his younger sister Charlie confidently steps up to the mark.
Ambulance crews in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the Metropolitan Police said they had made 77 arrests.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables, while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil and is likely to lead to higher prices for shoppers in Britain and around the world. A forestry official walks past the fenced-off remains of an olive oil tree destroyed in an attempt to stop the spread of the disease .
Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season in the Premier League . Aaron Lennon scored for Everton at Swansea City but the game ended in a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium . Howard will not allow Europe to be an excuse for what could be Everton's worst season in nine years .
They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty – and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors. The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace. The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by millions .
Despite the new security increase, officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation . No arrests have been made.
Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave of depression . Mr Robb stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression . Mr Robb also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that 'really did the trick' Labor MP Anna Burke said it is key for Australia to invest in prevention strategies for mental health.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money. Lieutenant Bernie Escalante said a man wearing exactly the same outfit had been seen 'acting suspiciously' outside a nearby Rabobank roughly an hour before the U.S. Bank robbery.
Raheem Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season, insists Reds boss Brendan Rodgers . Sterling (left) started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday despite going public over his club contract . The 20-year-old (right) has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal and put off talks until the summer . Sterling (top) did win the visitors' penalty after he was fouled by Bellering (bottom) in the second half . That's for sure.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers so that he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week. 'Crisp pair': During his year-long addiction, Mr Almond bought some 365 pairs of new boxers - and threw most pairs into the bin after just one wear .
AP McCoy celebrates after winning the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday . McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory as he prepares for his final Grand National on Saturday .
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace shoved Sunderland closer to the drop zone, while Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton. Goalkeeper Brad Guzan celebrates after Aston Villa's vital 1-0 win at Tottenham on Saturday . Nacho Monreal controls the ball during Arsenal's 1-0 win at Burnley on Saturday . Jamie Vardy celebrates his stoppage time winner for Leicester City at West Brom .
Along with these women, men like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, both men of stature and wealth, may have chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
It leaves England looking old-fashioned and they need to react. Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, for example, are top-class performers for Toulon and if England lose to Australia with those two playing out of their skins, you know exactly what the headlines will be. They’re among the best players in the world.
Memories Pizza in the Indiana town of Walkerton is finding out. The family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act after its owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
Singer-songwriter Don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million. The original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded, about music being 'reborn'.
But Sherwood said: ‘Let's hope he's not laughing after Sunday.’ Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is hoping they can cause a FA Cup semi-final shock vs Liverpool on Sunday . Raheem Sterling (right) was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season .
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s dramatic Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Ramos gees up the crowd during another all-action display at the Santiago Bernabeu for Real Madrid . He often fools around in goal at Spain training. He has filled in at left-back, can play across the midfield and actually started his youth football career as striker.
'He was just like, "Hey, you're a model, right?" He also managed to fit walking in New York Fashion Week this February into his teaching schedule, modelling in shows during New York City public schools' week-long winter break. Male model: Mr. Pearce knows there's more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking; he also places a lot of importance on getting his English students to read .
At a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts, the nephew of President John F Kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in California which would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent's personal beliefs on the vaccines. Unpopular opinion: The film screened on Tuesday purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism, though it is a theory the scientific community has mostly dismissed .
Kiyemba, a former pharmacy student at a university in Leicester, who grew up in London, was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded the huge payout after being released. Following his 2006 release, he claimed he had only admitted to terrorist activities under torture by American intelligence officers and that he had been interrogated by MI5.
No one was injured. Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates. FBI footage showed the Times Square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike.
(CNN)Gunshots were fired at rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta.
The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk. The Easter Feast breakfast is available at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter . 'Easter is less about what is used to mean, and now on Easter Sunday people try and go through as many chocolate eggs as they can, so this is another challenge for them.
'At the time, it was the most popular search query we had ever seen. Before Google Image Search, web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide. She last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian. Tricky language: President Barack Obama (pictured Tuesday) will be sending an administration official to Armenia this week, to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. But the White House still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey . Slaughter: Historians estimate that 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk.' Nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the NHS are treated like 'slave labour', one Unison member has warned, as she called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health .
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager  gone three campaigns without a trophy, but that is the unwanted fate that will meet the 42-year-old at the end of this term. The Reds' FA Cup semi-final exit against Aston Villa on Sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the Capital One Cup by Chelsea. 'So, for me, Brendan Rodgers is the right man.'
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman . Then Graves came out with the ridiculous notion of reducing Test matches to four days.
Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as Bayern Munich earned a narrow victory against Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Poland international Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga. But they were behind after 36 minutes against Bayern.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas next month, the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association has announced. I am fit, healthy and ready to run,' said Bolt.
Jim Ratcliffe, founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos, has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion. The 62-year-old businessman who is based in Switzerland claims that the new house, if built, will be his only UK residence. According to the plans, the house would only be visible from yachts on the Solent.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital (pictured Wednesday) She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced . The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty.' the verdict.
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal. The researchers thought one possible explanation was that the fragment was missed up with another, younger member of Lucy's species.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . We want to be in the Champions League.
You have nothing to push against.’ The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys .
Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters, Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Here are Nos 10-1. 3 Bubba Watson, 2012 . 2 Jack Nicklaus, 1986 . 1 Tiger Woods, 2005 .
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. Daughter Whitney, 23, was not at the luxury Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills for the interview. 'Why do you have to be so f***ing picky, just go get the help you need. You have to do this mom.' Richards in Los Angeles following her arrest  during a drunken incident at the Beverly Hills Hotel . Dr Phil's interview with Richards is set to air on April 28, her first for a national audience since the arrest.
(CNN)A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works at Paramount Television.
Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago and has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback'.
Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed . Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year.
18-year-old Xie Xu (left) carries 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi (right) to school each day . Zhang (in blue jacket) suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . Both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class at their high school .
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli . The indictment alleges that Brimager murdered Baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area. Brimager (right) has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. 'He was listening to a song on the radio, and some lyrics in the song convinced him that it was essentially his time to die. I think maybe God put me here at the right time and he held you up here for sure - maybe it's meant to bring you closer to him,' Warnock said.
Atlanta (CNN)A judge, declaring he wasn't "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal, on Thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison. "I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants April 14. "I had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way," he said.
Men, women and children who boarded a United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, were instead diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather. In accordance with federal law the airline gave people the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours.
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle insists his confidence hasn't been destroyed despite no scoring in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old, who netted against England for Italy in the 1-1 international friendly on Tuesday, is now hoping to return to the form that saw him plunder eight goals in his first 17 league games.
It was alleged Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to Stephanie March . Page Six reported that Tirrell is a 'singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef's Bar Americain in 2008 and became his assistant.' The gossip site claimed that Flay, who filed for divorce from March, 40, in April, has been cheating on the Law & Order:SUV star for three years with  Tirrell.
As a result, it is unlikely they even have a home village to go to temporarily for shelter.
Researchers have discovered that people who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions. In a worrying study, they found that people with sleep apnoea - a condition often typified by heavy snoring - saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems. The US researchers’ results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Dietmar Hamann believes Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season after losing his place to Xabi Alonso in Pep Guardiola's side. Ribery last played for Bayern on March 11 during the 7-0 Champions League win over Shakhtar Donetsk.
Sue Sharp, 57, has refused to accept Asda's explanation that the mistake was a one-off .
Darius, who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone, is officially the world's biggest rabbit. But his title is now being contended by his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do. It costs her £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples.
The Hollywood legend, 71, who has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'.
This is the moment a young boy's dream came true when he met his hero R2D2 at a Star Wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together. The child's infectious giggles can be heard after R2D2 followed him around Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California and the pair began spinning around each other in circles.
Police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911. After police swooped on the scene, another woman, the suspect's sister, emerged from the house and said she had been hiding.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony. Fort Riley's security was never breached and no people were in danger, the U.S. Justice Department said in a press release. Alexander E. Blair, 28, of Topeka was taken into custody Friday and charged with failing to report a felony.
MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins. In Lisse, the Netherlands, the famed Keukenhof Gardens are a must-visit for all those looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms . Kanazawa, Japan . It's hard to know just when the cherry blossoms will bloom in Japan each year, but in Kanazawa in the Ishikawa region of Japan, it's traditionally during the first half of the month of April. The rolling hills of Northumberland light up in the early spring months thanks to the millions of vibrant, red poppies in the fields .
Jodie Barden, 28, has been forced to plan her daughters Ella, eight (left) and Chloe, one (right)'s funerals as they have rare genetic disorder Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12 . Mrs Barden said the whole family is now trying to make the most of the time they have left with the girls.
That is the fortune the 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. No longer a the anorak-loving teenager from Dumfries, Harris owns an £11 million mansion in Beverly Hills .
The chef and his apprentices took five days building the special kiln, which then had to be warmed up for 48 hours . The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt. Delicious: Hopur and his team serve roast camel to a crowd who waited for as long as three hours for a slice .
Most remarkably, doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication. Just the thought of losing him spurred us on.' His sons Anthony and Ian (right) helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health . He now loves to cycle, never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods .
Two 18-month-old twins drowned in a canal in Arizona after their mother tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller, police in Yuma said. Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar along the canal bank on Friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal. While authorities in the southern Arizona town officially identified the victims, a Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us? Thousands more can be found on Facebook pages. She’s had 2,000 views so far. Who knows what nightmares this new type of bullying will cause? Some names have been changed.
British Guantanamo Bay detainee Shaker Aamer (pictured) is expected to be freed in June, US government sources have revealed. US President Barack Obama (pictured) has repeatedly vowed to close the prison at the US naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba .
A study of people's spending habits shows people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages. Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months, a new report has revealed . It comes on the same day that official figures are expected to show Britain has entered its first period of deflation since 1960.
Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. Snuggled up: It's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and don't get sick . They love making these flights,' Quinn said, adding that all dogs have to be spayed or neutered, microchipped and vaccinated before they take off.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. All aboard: With a 3600 capacity, Britannia is the biggest cruise ship built for the British market .
Leo Bernal, 8, is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend. Scarred: Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples .
Borussia Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer. Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday after seven years .
Southampton fans have not forgiven Mauricio Pochettino for leaving Saints for Spurs . The idea is thought to have come from the owner of clothing range Raw Spirit, Liam Edgar, who has designed orange t-shirts with Koeman’s quote ‘the key is to believe in ourselves’ emblazoned on the front.
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on Javier Hernandez despite his winning goal against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. The Mexican is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs including West Ham and Swansea .
The alarm is set to go off at a certain time the night before and will make a noise until the QR code is scanned. I'm Up will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed.
The 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police said. More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian coast guard.
Vigil: Mourners in Malta (pictured) and Italy have held candle-lit vigils for the 900 people who died when a migrant ship capsized off Libya's coast this weekend . An unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
His daughter has been been pictured lying next to her injured partner outside the house in Ejea de los Caballeros. Forced entry: After a night of failed negotiations in Zaragoza, an elite police unit stormed the man's house this morning (pictured) and killed him .
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, told Click 2 Houston that when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf, mute woman. He said that Durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos. Schuler said Durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat.
Leaks from the investigation into shamed newsman Brian Williams were given to the press to pressure him into resignation, a report claims. News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times. Williams signed a deal with the network last year to continue at the network thought to be worth $10million a year, and he is thought to be looking at a minimum of $20million if he leaves.
Nolito opened the scoring before Real took the lead thanks to goals by Toni Kroos and Javier Hernandez. Ronaldo almost puts his side back in the lead. Real Madrid XI: Casillas, Carvajal, Varane, Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos, Illarramendi, Isco, Rodriguez, Hernandez, Ronaldo . Celta Vigo XI: Sergio, Hugo Mallo, Cabral, Fontas, Jonny, Augusto, Krohn-Dehli, Orellana, Santi Mina, Nolito, Larrivey .
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport. Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge, as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men.
A Washington Post reporter detained in Iran has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments', nine months after his arrest. As well as allegedly spying under the first two charges, the 39-year-old journalist, the Post's Tehran correspondent, stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic.
Tim Farron was accused by the dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after an inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'. Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, followed people aged up to 97 home from the Post Office after they had collected their pensions before demanding the cash.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period. The couple, from Ward End, pocketed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support .
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University who claim only 6 million tonnes of that was recycled properly. Polluted: 'Millions of tonnes' of the world's e-waste ends up in Africa where it is dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie (pictured) in Ghana's capital Accra . Some of the appliances even leak toxic elements such as lead and mercury which harms the environment and the young men who trawl through the broken goods hoping to find something worth selling.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has expressed his desire to remain at Old Trafford for years to come, describing the Red Devils as the 'right team in the right league'. However, the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches and scored twice in Saturday's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The winner of the third Nikkei National Geographic Photo Prize, Takezawa has made a living documenting remote communities . His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of those who live off the land . Takezawa's round-the-world trip began on March 18, 2010 in Japan and took him to places such as Vrindavan, India (pictured) Takezawa is also an accomplished commercial photographer, working with advertising agencies and magazines.
Rather, her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. Days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina .
Manchester United mascot Fred the Red is among club megastore staff sweating over their jobs . However, Nike say they are in constant communication with the club and have entered into a consultation process with the staff.
It also boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests. A unforgettable night! Oliver's Travels lets you rent out a submarine, complete with Captain, chef and butler for £175,000 a night .
The figure, which equates to £183 an hour, was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust. It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request. Defending their spending, Sarah Bloomfield, director of nursing at Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust, said temporary staff had to be used to cover a shortfall in trained nurses.
For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call!
'It's okay to be different': Dorian Poe, 11, with his beloved bear Tikko, whose travels have raised awareness for autism all over the world . Each family who receivedTikko on his travels would take on the job of raising awareness in his or her community – helping to spread Dorian’s message across the globe, while he remained at home in Canada. Tikko is one busy bear!'
The woman, who did not want to be identified, told a BBC documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by IS. 'If a man is caught smoking they will heat up a metal skewer and put it in his mouth,' she said.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning, and was lucky to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely. They have nothing. They lost everything' She said in the past few days, the American Red Cross has assisted her as she searched for a place to live, but as she has looked to shelters for help, they turn her away.
Juventus and Liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with Chelsea midfielder Oscar. The former Sao Paulo youngster has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season .
For a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler. He purchased the home in foreclosure following Hostetler's 2006 death. He listed it for $2.2 million in February 2012. The house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square foot campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool, ballroom and guesthouse.
Davion Only has been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going (above) Davion (above) captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever' This after Davion (abobe with Going) was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children . Davion (above) called and asked Miss Connie if she would adopt him last July . 'I guess I always thought of you as my mom,' Davion said to Going last December.
(CNN)Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records, has died at the age of 117.
The al-Furqan Media video -- which is highly produced and titled "Until There Came to Them Clear Evidence" -- shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black, being killed at different locations in Libya, according to the video's narrator. The gist is that Muslims are commanded to fight those who don't believe in Allah or the Last Day (Islam's equivalent of Judgment Day) unless the nonbelievers pay a tax or tribute.
Ranette Afonso, 42 (right), is set to marry Marko Conte, 30 (left), in October after they met thanks to a  car accident in August 2013 . After the accident, the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly .
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered.
Dani Alves has been offered a new Barcelona deal according to the player's agent, Dinorah Santana. The full-back's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among a number of Europe's top clubs keeping tabs on the Brazil international's availability.
Whistleblower Julian Asssange has added insult to injury for Sony Pictures after his website Wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. It belongs in the public domain. The searchable online archive is the latest blow for the entertainment and technology company struggling to get past the attack, which the company estimates caused millions in damage.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad Stadium . The World Cup winning Frenchman finished his playing career at Manchester City . Nothing has changed. Everything he does is with an eye on one day becoming a manager.
The UK is to open its first three proton beam therapy centres after cancer-stricken five-year-old Ashya King made a miracle recovery after receiving the treatment. Cardiff-based Proton Partners International Ltd, is to open the treatment centres, which will be available to NHS cancer patients, in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017, with the first in the Welsh capital being operational by next year.
Rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship, Thunder from Lagos to cover up illegal fishing . Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of Africa . Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled .
Everton defender Phil Jagielka shares a joke with Thai chef Kim Kaewkraikhot at Chaophraya restaurant . Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran with sponsors Chang Beer . 'We've had a laugh and a joke in the kitchen today and thankfully I didn't burn anything down.'
The Lib Dem leader promised to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction, with cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy. Car tax would rise by £25-a-year.
Former Rangers chairman and manager Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas . I think that is what they are doing at the moment. 'That goes for all aspects of the club, on and off the pitch.
CNN recently published a powerful piece called "Poor kids of Silicon Valley" that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the Bay Area. Our entire nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis.
The Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall in London as he protested they were ‘a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC’. His outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching. You know what, Nigel Farage?
But despite all that, Khadijah Dare's heartbroken mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life. Mrs Dare,  from Lewisham in South London, also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child but turned to Islam while at college. Plea: The mother of jihadi bride Khadijah Dare (pictured) has issued a plea for her to return home . Threats: Dare, who is in Syria, is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner .
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours – with viewers tuning in on 7 May shown instead an advert telling people to go to the polls. The radical move could have a significant impact on the election with the advert set to be seen by millions of potential voters. E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month – ahead of BBC2 and Channel 5.
Tesco’s clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. The cheaper materials mean it can be handwashed at home. A wedding expert said the rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs .
Four-year-old RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton's syndrome. But she said, both she and her son face cruel taunts from bullies, most of whom are adults . Sufferers' skin appears red and scaly and can also experience hair, infection and allergy problems.
But two others told WCAU that police attacked White while he was already handcuffed. In 2014, a jury acquitted both Ramos and Cicinelli. Over the next half hour, Azucena repeatedly said he had asthma and couldn't breathe, the Los Angeles Times reported. But Huerta's family, like Victor White's family in Louisiana, suspect foul play by police.
'They have to substitute occasional parts of skin and flesh with plastics and other materials,' Alexei Yurchak, professor of social anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley told Mr Hsu. In his book, Yurchak describes how a mild bleach is often used to deal with occasional fungus stains on Lenin's face. Every two years and the body is immersed in a bath of glycerol and potassium acetate for 30 days – a technique which scientists say could make the body last for centuries.
The Los Angeles Times reported that Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season. Thomas was on the NFL's list of officiating prospects and is set to be named as one of eight new officials .
The chain was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ Months after a customer complaint on Facebook. Customers are now been asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an Asda store, where they will be given a full refund.
A seven-year-old British boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday in the French resort of Flaine near Geneva (pictured above). He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents . He was good enough for a seven-year-old.
Andrew Stewart Wood, of Havant, Hampshire, was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the Hard Rock Hotel in the Universal theme park resort in the early hours of Tuesday. The hotel was unable to confirm if Wood was still a guest, adding: 'For security reasons, we are unable to provide guest information.'
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces. Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air . He added that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists.
Congress irked . Minister of State for External Affairs V.K. Singh had created a controversy on Tuesday when he said: “Actually speaking, the operation (evacuation) in Yemen is less exciting than going to the Pakistani embassy.” On Wednesday, he sparked fresh storm by referring to a section of the media as ‘presstitutes’.
The photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world, including in Syria, Pakistan and North Korea. Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk. On patrol: Female North Korean soldiers are pictured along the banks of Yalu River, near the North Korean town of Sinuiju, opposite the Chinese border city of Dandong .
The Curl-crested Jay, which resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre, is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a Space Invaders style tune emerges from it.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole. Amanda Casey has opened up about the abuse she faced at the hands of Michael Wilkie, who in January was found guilty of the 2012 murder of his third wife . And then he began to get physically abusive and attacked her when she was pregnant with their daughter. She said she 'had thoughts' that Michael Wilkie would kill her, 'mainly because he told me he would kill me'. At times, she said she feared he would kill her .
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has no immediate plans to retire and said it would be a waste to quit now when he feels he is still in top form. 'At the first sign of slipping, I would be the first to bow out.
All schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers, union officials have said. The ‘hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months, up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year.
'We would never have awarded her': Cosmo editor Bronwyn McMahon says she wishes her magazine had better investigated Belle Gibson, who created The Whole Pantry wellness movement, before awarding her the 2014 Fun Fearless Female Award . 'What she doesn’t need now is the whole of Australia ganging up on her and bullying her ... even though everyone has the right to feel misled and duped.'
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday, it was reported. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat to Morecambe . Awford's future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play-off places and Saturday's result left them with an 11-point gap to the top seven with four games left.
The unidentified  Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday, according to Newark police spokesman Sgt. The 21-year-old victim said he recognized the rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, and that he had a conversation with him before a member of the entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money .
The Face Unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of Android 4.0, also known as Ice Cream Sandwich, but despite this, it is still a relatively unknown tool. As a backup, users need to . additionally set up a screen lock pattern or PIN, in case the camera .
The savage swan nicknamed Asbaby, which still has many brown baby feathers, has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river. Mr Asbo, the swan believed to be his grandfather, was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers. Asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag.
Kim Kardashian . Captioning the last-minute picture: 'Easter prep! Mariah Carey . Making Easter cupcakes! Amanda Holden . Myleene Klass .
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa on Friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said. If convicted, they could spend up to three years in jail, Kashyap said.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen. Iran's Foreign Ministry has said the two boys, aged 14 and 15, were abused by airport security after they were separated from other passengers for body searches, Russia Today reported. The alleged abuse, the details of which have not been publicly disclosed, sparked unauthorized protests at the Saudi Embassy in Tehran on Saturday.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly and has been ordered to be held without bail. Scene: He was looking after the boy at his home on this Cicero, Illinois block when he allegedly became enraged that the boy urinated on him during a diaper change.
UFC superstar Ronda Rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the Los Angeles premiere of blockbuster action film Fast & Furious 7. Rousey, the UFC’s bantamweight champion, appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on April 3 in the UK with her MMA skills used to full effect. The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event at the TCL Chinese Theatre .
Spoiler Alert: Cop gets away with it. But then came the video. In Ferguson, the video we have in the death of Michael Brown is of press conferences with police Chief Tom Jackson, who refused to release the police officer's name, but did release a video that appeared to show Michael Brown stealing cigars. I'm not sure North Charleston gets here without learning something from the mistakes of Ferguson.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks. The appearance has seen twitchers flock to the town hoping to catch a sighting of the bird .
Carrick applauds the travelling England supporters in Turin after winning his 33rd cap against Italy . For all Carrick's achievements with Manchester United, he has been consistently overlooked by England . Carrick is capable of the spectacular, take a look at this pass against Chelsea from 2013. Would England have won the Euros, or a World Cup with Carrick in the team?
Jason Denayer has impressed while playing for Celtic on loan this season from Manchester City . City manager Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent . Denayer would obviously fit the bill.
Obama took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed an executive order which will allow the U.S. Treasury  to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' American computer networks.
Expecting: Jessa Duggar and her husband Ben Seewald recently revealed that she is pregnant with their first child . Jessa added that she is not dwelling on the intense 70-hour labor her sister Jill went through earlier this month, insisting that 'Every birth story is unique.'
A woman who ended up getting lost while running a marathon in Raleigh, North Carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course, still won her race some nine minutes ahead of her closest competitor. Despite her unscheduled detour, Ms. Bretscher's was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her in their patrol cars back to the point in the race where things became muddled.
Big family: Tianwen Chen and his wife Gairen Guo have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years. The couple, who live outside of Yuanping city, found their first child - a baby girl -  on the side of the road one day in 1989 and carried her home, despite not having much to live on themselves. Sadly, nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men. Mr Short, who was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match, made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess.
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, according to her attorney, Andrew Spinnell.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3am on Sunday and students who were with him said strong currents pulled Parks out to sea. His body was found Monday morning. Students who were with Parks, who were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year, said no hazing was involved. Parks' friends said that there was 'no foul play at all' and that is was not hazing. Parks friends said that the student had not been drinking the night he drowned nor was he impaired in any way.
Arsenal . However, England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (hamstring) remains unavailable. The 25-year-old, along with midfielder Adam Lallana (groin), withdrew from the England squad last week but both are likely to be in contention to face the Gunners. Centre-back Martin Skrtel and captain Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions with Dejan Lovren favourite to replace the former in defence.
An Australian man died suddenly on Wednesday after suffering a suspected heart attack while holidaying in Bali. It's believed that he was from Seymour in Victoria. An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death, although external examinations suggest that he suffered a heart attack.
A defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday. District Attorney Jim Martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager, who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia, and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home. Authorities said Barnes and the teenager met in October, when she was 13, but she told him she was 17.
Devastation: Landon and Lorie Carnie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift – an evacuation of Vietnamese orphans and children before the Fall of Saigon – crashed minutes after take-off . Catastrophic: U.S. military officials sift through the wreckage of the U.S. C5A cargo plane that crashed shortly after take off, killing 78 children and 50 adults in one of the worst humanitarian disasters of the Vietnam War .
DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content, toys, books and TV specials.
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island, off South Korea's southern coast. Park's case is an unsettling one -- emblematic of what remains unresolved a year after the Sewol ferry sank.
Hometown of Ms Scott paid tribute to the murdered teacher with a stunning hot-air balloon display . Balloons hovering above Ms Scott's hometown, where hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the 26-year-old school teacher . Several balloons hovered above the small community on Sunday .
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate. They say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. The team were finally able to test the theory by showing great tits pictures of owl butterflies that had been digitally altered, and watching their reaction. The researchers flashed up digitally manipulated images of an owls face and the owl butterfly to see how great tits reacted. If the irises of the eye spots were removed, or the eye spots removed altogether, then they were scared away far less often.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka. The assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
Michelle Carter, 18, looked glum as she appeared in court in New Bedford on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, who gassed himself in his truck in Fairhaven last July. During the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for Carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin. Attorney Joseph Cataldo said outside juvenile court that they will prove Carter was actually trying to help Roy. She is free on bail but has been ordered not to touch her social media pages or text . 'They read my messages with him I'm done... His family will hate me and I could go to jail.' She later wrote on Twitter that the event had raised $2,300. Carter has also repeatedly posted online about how much she misses her friend. Carter, who was 17 at the time of Roy's suicide, was indicted on February 5 and arraigned on an involuntary manslaughter charge the next day in New Bedford Juvenile Court.
Now a new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties. Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County, Tennessee (pictured), to a high of 74 per cent in Washington, D.C.
US authorities suspected that British man Navinder Singh Sarao (circled) accused this week of causing the 2010 'flash crash' was making illicit trades back in 2009 . However, he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year. He said: 'How this continued for six years when the CME appeared to know about it, it kind of boggles my mind.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging. Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with. He will be sorely missed.' Morning show host, Kelly Ripa, posted: 'My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt. My friend. You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer.' His colleague, Dr Robert Anolik, who worked with Brandt at his practice, posted a moving tribute on Monday. He was a close friend. 'Sources: Dr Fredric Brandt was "devastated" over comparisons to the protagonist on Tina Fey’s new Netflix show, “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt",' Abravanel tweeted.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time and Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second before Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side. Juan Mata in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday .
The family claim she was then put on a discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment for the dying – having fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away. But they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six, and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished.
Very strict rules govern the reporting of UK elections, but until they kick in, here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates, what are the issues, who's likely to win, why bacon sandwiches matter, what is "UKIP" and, if the Queen isn't in charge, what does she do?
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday. He told ABC7: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww.'
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year by Pineau De Re, centre, make their choice purely down to the name of the horse while 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck . Saturday's Grand National will be the final time Tony McCoy, pictured on 2010 winner Don't Push It, will race .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot after he was fined for the condition of a house he rented out which was left in a state of disrepair for  three years. Rodgers - whose Liverpool side crashed out of the FA Cup on Sunday in a 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa - and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
(CNN)Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2. Despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas, NBC reported. 'Mistake': The 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2 .
With immediate effect, Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home. Matt Giteau (Toulon): Can operate at No 10 or centre.
Sam Allardyce has warned Brendan Rodgers that putting Raheem Sterling on a bumper new contract could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the Liverpool squad. Liverpool and England star Raheem Sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at the Anfield club . The supply is minimal. Big Sam was speaking ahead of West Ham's match with the Barclays Premier League's bottom-club Leicester City on Saturday. Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson (left) has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season .
Fossils of a creature bearing a 'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Now researchers have revealed that 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
Per Mertesacker will miss Arsenal's visit by Chelsea on Sunday due to an ankle injury . The stand-in Gunners captain went down in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading on Saturday .
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago. With nearly all voting precincts reporting results, Emanuel had about 56 per cent of the vote compared to around 44 per cent for his opponent.
Morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys . 'It was an accident. The day after Mangan was found, a mother of one of Morton's friends told police her son received a selfie on Snapchat of the victim who was sitting in a chair with a bloody wound to his face, according to the Post-Gazette. Mangan was a junior in high school at Jeannette High School and has been described as a fun-loving guy by friends .
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of Tracey Woodford, 47. Ms Woodford, from the Pontypridd area, is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with, police said. They said: 'Tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends.
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke but hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Brawl: The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks, with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation. As a train pulls up, both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday, police spokesman Aaron Patty said. The father and other family members say that they did not know the toddler was in the driveway.
The researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office. As the North Sea warms, species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare. These fish include John dory and red mullet, for example.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future despite constant links to Boca . Talk of a return to his boyhood side intensified when Tevez replicated his famous Boca Juniors celebration .
Lobo had left the Jinnah Medical and Dental College, where she works as vice principal, to pick up her two daughters from school.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen. However, visits to the 50-kilometre Exclusion Zone, a contamination radius guarded by security, are highly regulated . Guests must provide documentation at several check points upon reaching the site via tour bus. While there are a number of abandoned villages in and around the zone, most popular site to visit is the ghost town of Pripyat, which offers a breathtaking snapshot of a Soviet city circa the 1980s.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period. But having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis, she put the symptoms down to those conditions. Laura Everley, 36, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms. She had been suffering from bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently needing the loo . Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Youtube user Joe Penna (pictured) and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project . The animated video features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere and finding love .
The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. On average, seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay. Some locals believe it cannot be done without rezoning open park areas due to rising land values in Cronulla .
Taking part in Audi's football challenge, Hazard and Nathan Ake paired up to take on Loic Remy and Willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers. Remy puts his hands on his head after watching Willian smash the wing mirror of one of the cars .
An Italian woman accused of  carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix -- only for his teammate Nico Rosberg to later claim he had ruined his race by driving slowly.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates, including senior figures such as Shadow Foreign Secretary and Election chief Douglas Alexander and Shadow Defence Minister Vernon Coaker, who oversee the Party’s policy on the Falklands. Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for Miliband.
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013. The 25-year-old serial criminal, who pleaded guilty to the murder on Thursday, told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween.' He was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the slaying .
Manchester City's youngsters finished off a job well done against Leicester City, adding to their 3-0 first-leg lead with two late goals from Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker at the King Power Stadium. Manchester City's players celebrate after they consolidated their first leg lead to reach the Youth Cup final .
An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded, said Faizullah Ghairat, the provincial police chief. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack.
Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul smacked around Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at a campaign stop in New Hampshire this morning on the eve of the former Obama administration official's first visit to the Granite State as a proclaimed 2016 candidate. Of his probable GOP competitors, Paul charged that 'they would have just done the same thing, just ten times over' as President Barack Obama. 'They all look alike, all sound alike, they all dress alike and nothing ever changes,' he said of his colleagues, two of whom -  Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida - have already joined the race. Rubio and Cruz are also in town for the summit.
Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday after talks between him and Frampton’s promoter Barry McGuigan had stalled. Super-bantamweight world champion Carl Frampton (left) has dismissed a fight offer from Scott Quigg . Quigg (right) offered £1.5m to Frampton for a British super-fight, via his promoter Eddie Hearn .
Moscow (CNN)Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre, kicking her legs up to her head, jumping and spinning across the room. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted from the school into the company.
Summey told reporters that the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "so every officer on the street" in the city will have one. "Mr. Scott didn't deserve this. Who is Officer Slager?
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US. Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Flamboyant Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile.
Real Sociedad are still hopeful of singing Burnley striker Danny Ings when his contract expires in the summer . Sociedad manager David Moyes has taken the club into the top half of La Liga and intends to build on that in the summer and Ings could prove a key acquisition.
Earlier this year the chip giant showed off a tablet that can use hand gestures to scroll a recipe, drones  that can manoeuvre an obstacle course without human intervention and even smart clothing that can help the visually impaired navigate safely - and a smart cocktail dress that can repel people who invade the wearer's space. Intel also showed off experimental designer Anouk Wipprecht's latest Spider Dress.
Before the process: Oklahoma University student Kelsey Higley, pictured above in her natural form, made a video entitled 'Manipulation' which showed her body digitally altered according to beauty trends . At its most extreme, Kelsey's body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes.
Newcastle boss John Carver is under pressure and has asked for advice from some of his predecessors . Newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner Mike Ashley for a perceived lack of ambition .
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2 million flat in this complex to his children after the police raid . Campaigners, MPs, police and victims have vowed to challenge the decision in the courts.
The defense, led by famed death penalty opponent Judy Clarke, is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing. But she couldn't.
Amateur champion Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters . The Scot admitted he needed to 'give himself a kick up the a***' after struggling on the professional tour .
The SNP leader, who has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead, sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'. Scroll down for video .
ISIS launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. The refinery is 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Tikrit.
Jurgen Klopp has put a number of clubs on alert after deciding to leave Dortmund at the end of the season . Arsene Wenger should be given more two more years at Arsenal, according to Nigel Winterburn .
Pregnant and proud: Buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on TV but stood her ground . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia about the book, 'Nicky Buckley: A Memoir', she shared just how bad the criticism became. Nearly 50 and fabulous: Buckley now at nearly 50 is celebrating her age with release of her memoir .
SPORT say Barcelona will make a £50m offer for Paul Pogba while Marca look at the race for La Liga . No team has won their last 10 games in La Liga in the last decade, no matter how sure Real are that Barca will falter.
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet Lincolnshire seaside resort of Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987. They were targeted on an almost weekly basis, with vandals smashing windows with stones and pelting their home with eggs and golf balls. The thugs even splashed cooking fat across the walls and path, urinated on their flowers and keyed their car. The pair spent £700 on wood and boarded up the house for protection. Retired office worker Ms Moore sobbed: 'This house was a dream home but our life has been made a living hell.
Tragic: An inquest heard Shaun Worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic . Plea: Mr Worthington's mother, Jean Allen (pictured), appealed to other motorists not to use their mobile phones when driving after it was found her son had sent a text message seconds before his car crashed . He had been driving home from a speed awareness course . It has blown our world apart.'
Wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players including German forward Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby who managed to last 56minutes as his own return gathered pace. Gnarby takes on Keown (left) - who scored the opening goal for the Royals after eight minutes .
Vincent Kompany believes that if Manchester City are able to pick up a valuable three points away to rivals Manchester United, then they can help 'rectify' a disappointing season. The City captain admits that the derby game is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side.
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport. Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. The poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake, claim sources within the department. Bates is classified as an advanced deputy . This means that he went through 480 hours training of the 'Field Training Officer' or FTO.
Rafa Benitez (right) celebrates taking Napoli into the Europa League semi-final with striker Gonzalo Higuain . Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season and has been linked with Manchester City . He has 12 major honours to his name.
Chelsea are set to confirm the £4.5m signing of Nathan Allan de Souza on Wednesday, beating rivals Manchester City to his signature. Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical. Nathan is brought down by Martin Junas of Slovakia to win a penalty during the Under 17 World Cup in 2013 . Nathan currently plays in midfield for Atletico Paranaense in the Brazilian league .
Eugenie Bouchard (left) poses with Sports Illustrated model Hannah Davis in Miami . The world No 7 crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria in the second round .
In a double hit for thousands of holidaymakers trying to leave Britain today, strikes by French air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays. Air passengers face up to three days of disruption, with British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights.
London-born ISIS execution Jihadi John is being used to recruit a network of 'misfits' around the world, made up of the 'very young, violent and mentally ill', a senior police officer has warned . Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said yesterday that the tactics of terror groups are changing .
Argentine striker Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford, and his controversial former City team-mate took the opportunity to lay into his biggest rivals from his time at the Etihad Stadium and at Anfield. Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby . Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday clinging to their top four hopes .
Mario Balotelli hit back at those criticising his absence for Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers due to illness by attempting to prove he had a high temperature. Mario Balotelli responded to Robbie Savage's labelling of the Liverpool striker as 'pathetic' Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn Rovers this week . Liverpool scraped through to a Wembley date with Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals thanks to Philippe Coutinho's strike.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon. A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
Four Seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. But as you would expect the privilege does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £63,000 a trip. The private jet, including the staff and crew, is also available for private charter.
Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens. It also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer – albeit not very hard.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen. Early Tuesday evening, the 45-year-old al-Labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family said.
Officer Michael Rapiejko ran his car into Mario Valencia in February as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air. I have two thoughts that go in my mind: I need to shoot him to stop the threat, or I need to run him over to stop the threat."
This fascinating interactive map shows where more than 231 million immigrants live around the world, and reveals that more than 7.8 million reside in the UK. The new data, released by the United Nations, shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation.
(CNN)Looks like another really, really, ridiculously good-looking person is joining the cast of "Zoolander 2." It is scheduled for release in February 2016.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner, who was also working. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Alex Impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana, but as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain, he couldn't care less. Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram . Mr Rule turned to producing his own marijuana. Alex Impey at his hemp store on the New South Wales central coast. He says more than 20 new requests for help come through the door each week . Peter Rule with daughter Larisa and partner Jaylen.
New woman: The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and 'totally frizz-free' since she gave up using shampoo .
It was a call to action: Within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. Hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in Kathmandu and quickly got to work.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules, as she suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . Dermographism or 'skin writing' is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin. People across the university have began to make requests for designs they want Dr Waller to draw on herself .
Speaking to Style.com, Gigi said: 'From Kendall I learned how to deal with the haters. Gigi said that Kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up [on social media] and when to back off .
The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations: New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. The trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July, with all hotel and travel costs covered.
Kilmarnock interim manager Gary Locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal.
Edita and Elma Pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the Bosnian town of Buzim . At least 21 sets of twins were born during the civil war, pictured Almin, left, and Almina Duranovic right . Some of Buzim's twins may not have been registered due to the war. Almedina and Ajla Djulic are also twins from the town of Buzim in north west Bosnia .
These images show the world's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter. Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
Video has emerged showing the horrific moment two French tourists set alight an Australian quokka . The creature survived the incident by scampering away, but was singed by the flame. Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in Rottnest Island working as cleaners.
Former two-weight world champion Haye, 34, was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
The former head of the NHS this morning launched an extraordinary public attack on Labour for being the only party not to commit to an extra £8billion a year for the health service. He said: 'The NHS does need more money. He warned that there was a 'substantial financial problem' at the heart of the NHS and claimed the financial peril it faces will soon be 'crystal clear'. Sir David was called the Man With No Shame after he refused to resign over the Mid-Staffordshire Hospital Trust scandal and retired with a gold-plated pension last year.
Manny Pacquiao need not worry. Pacquiao, in his own land, is different. May 3 – the date of the Mayweather bout in Pacquiao’s homeland – has already been declared a national holiday, and there, the world’s richest fight can be viewed free. He has been elevated to higher ground. Pacquiao is a third-world survivor. And yet, in its way, it is him.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak. Prairie dogs are particularly susceptible to illness because they live in social burrows, and 90 per cent of the furry creatures' colony can eventually be wiped out if plague infects one member.
Ambrosio is undergoing treatment at the Ronald Reagan Medical Center. A friend said she had been suffering what she described as 'constant headaches' and had made the appointment two weeks ago. A spokesperson for the supermodel confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Ambrosio, 34, was currently in hospital. On Instagram she wrote of the festival: 'What a wonderful world.'
(CNN)Actress Mindy Kaling's brother says that he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school and that the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action.
A 31-year-old British woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the Bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. Ms Shepherd, from Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world .
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, was busted in Ormond Beach Sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia. Dangerous pastime: Police say Roepcke spent Sunday evening riding around Ormond Beach, Florida, with his fiancee Brandie Tate (pictured) and shining a light in other drivers' faces . Roepcke was ordered held in jail on $4,250 bail.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford where he worked in the A&E department between 2011 and 2013. In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital. But the hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
In a feature for Total Film, the medical experts examine several different action movies to see whether the man characters would have survived their ordeal. He also faces a significant risk of infection.
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match. Tournament organisers found Nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper. They also found his match being analysed in one of the chess applications.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time. After an inquiry, high court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said the fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette. West Yorkshire police today said in a statement that they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
The 20-year-old England player has been made what manager Brendan Rodgers described as 'an incredible offer', believed to be £100,000-a-week, but negotiations have ended in stalemate. Sterling has insisted he is not a 'money grabber' and Taylor, chief executive of the Professional Footballers' Association, believes waiting until the season is over before resuming talks could be a wise move.
The event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field.
Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Sunday's Barclays Premier League clash against Tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury. Midfielder Matt Taylor, who has not featured since August, is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley because of a knee injury. Forward Roberto Soldado (knee) is another concern.
The Lib Dems released a new campaign poster this morning warning of the danger of a 'BluKip' alliance between the Tories and Ukip . And in the strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal. Mr Farage also revealed that he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements.
The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round. Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 on Thursday in the first round of the World Championship .
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out .
introduced the 'USA Freedom Act.' Government agencies could get access to it by applying to a judge empowered by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. But Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch . CONTRARIAN: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, is trying to reauthorize the USA PATRIOT Act without changes . A civil liberties group praised the bill.
A female wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in Hallett Cove, South Australia . But to his surprise after smashing the female spider a few times with the broom hundreds of babies appear . With the spider now dead the man sweeps it up as well as the babies that are spread all around .
Gisela was also in charge of the standing cells - small, dark rooms where up to 15 people at a time were crammed into. Possibly most frightening of all is Gertrud Elli Senff, who revelled in the power she yielded to play 'God' in choosing who should live and who should be sent to the Auschwitz gas chambers.
The Manchester United and Manchester City composite Xi ahead of the derby - selected by Sportsmail . Louis van Gaal (l) and Manuel Pellegrini's (r) sides are in contrasting form going into the Old Trafford clash . Centre midfield - Ander Herrera . Attacking midfield - Juan Mata . Attacking midfield - Wayne Rooney . MANCHESTER UNITED - 6 . MANCHESTER CITY - 5 .
Home secretary Theresa May (pictured) warned that lives will be in danger if Britain is saddled with a hung Parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws - adding new legislation for MI5 and GCHQ is urgently needed .
(CNN)About 20 hours after the Boston Marathon started Monday, many of the cheering crowds had dispersed and the streets were cleared. Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family. The mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities – which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features. He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
Mum-of-three Julia Van Herck gained 12 stone (left, at her heaviest) after binge eating following post-natal depression and amid fears that her husband would leave her. It was while she was in hospital that doctors offered her weight-loss surgery. 'I would eat a family-sized pizza and two tubs of ice cream in an hour. Now she weighs 11 stone and loves healthy food.
Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes Tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman . It would be easy in his current run to chip up a catch on 40 or give it away as soon as he reaches a hundred, as Marlon Samuels did in the first innings here. Part of me sees Root as a natural No 3, where England tried him in Australia. But why move him when he is going so well at five?
Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour, but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history. 'I'm really excited about the rest of the year now. Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters, despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .
Barcelona forward Pedro's decision to consider his Camp Nou future at the end of the season could see him end up at Anfield if Liverpool sell Raheem Sterling. Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move for the Spain international .
The greatest challenge to Rory McIlroy's grand slam bid or Tiger Woods' latest comeback at this week's Masters could come from Mother Nature. Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days . Water puddles on a seat with the Masters' logo with the start of the tournament only a day away .
Sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts, the researchers say. Professor Robert Deaner, a psychologist at Grand Valley State University in Michigan, said they studied elite runners because it is a sport that is equally popular among men and women and there is no disparity in prize money.
Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday, their first home victory for more than four months. Elsewhere on Saturday, Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help leaders Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to stay 14 points clear at the top.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, group spokesman Abu Musab said. Security guards at the building, and, later, Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside, witnesses said.
The memo, edited by Derek E Mix, the CRS’s chief European affairs analyst, says that the development of organisations such as the G20 group of major economies has led to a decline in the ‘influence and centrality of the relationship’.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday . Cesc Fabregas outshone Ozil on Sunday as Chelsea showed why they are ahead of Arsenal this season . And then when he had the chance to be the match winner, Ozil completely missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him. Poor technique. Ozil could go down the same route as Juan Sebastian Veron (left) and Andriy Shevchenko . Henry said what all Arsenal fans know, but most refuse to admit – Fabregas would have had a bigger impact in that team this season than Ozil has.
Spain defender Pique holds his son Milan during the final of the Barcelona Open at the Real Club de Tenis . Pique played in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Espanyol on Saturday which kept them top in La Liga . Nishikori was in the mood to celebrate a second consecutive year of being crowned Barcelona Open champion .
Gloria Ross, 84, who spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse, was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. But when he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was ‘just tired’ – and told him the senior nurse was ‘on a break’. However, she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
Andre Gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. 'You can see a person behind the bunker's window,' the 58-year-old added.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events when he defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo on Sunday.
And in her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because 'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'. I thought long and hard before making it and I'm confident I got it right.
An electric change of pace propelled odds-on favourite Tryster to a three-quarter length success in the feature Coral Easter Classic as his Godolphin stable dominated £1.1million All Weather Finals day at Lingfield. Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from the Winter Derby winner .
In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans. Nervous: She said that before the birth of Chelsea, pictured together in the 1980s, she had been so nervous about being a mother but that now she finds being a grandmother is pure joy . According to reports on Friday, she will announce her bid to run for president on Sunday before immediately traveling to Iowa and New Hampshire to meet with voters.
If your name is Nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip, according to research. The study found that the three names most likely to vote Tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline whereas those least likely to were Sharon, Samantha – unfortunately for the PM – and Clare without an i.
Johnathan Isaby (pictured), chief executive of the Tax Payers’ Alliance, called the number of communications staff ‘blatant hypocrisy’ Taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK. The number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments.
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to Workplace Relations Productivity Commission . National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon,  accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom .
The chemistry he had with the likes of Tony Greig and Bill Lawry was amazing. ‘Ah, there’s David Lloyd,’ Richie said. ON COMMENTATING .
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when Castleford visit struggling Warrington as part of a full First Utility Super League programme on Easter Monday. Reigning Man of Steel Clark will lead the way for Warrington Wolves as they try to end a three game losing run .
A man identified as Felix David, 24, was shot by police in New York City at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village (pictured) He had been wanted on a robbery charge, according to the New York Post. Two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game - with one of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt. When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him. And the heartwarming moment was caught on camera.
Ibrahimovic trudges off the field and will miss the first leg of the quarter-final against Barcelona . Cavani will come up against Luis Suarez, who was born in the same town, in the first leg in Paris .
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. The New York Daily News have reported Iona's stepson Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time, and relatives said he has never got on with the family. He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute' when he returned to Florida.
Jason Warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old Mathew Sitko after he crashed his car on Wednesday morning, causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in Lewiston, Idaho. He told officers he had been traveling along a nearby road when he noticed debris in the road and the vehicle hanging near the edge of the cliff - so he jumped into action. He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Mexican restaurant Chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. Cashing on delivery market: The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities .
But you may be surprised to know that an expired passport of Paul Parker - most famous for playing right back for Manchester United and England during the nineties - was listed on eBay for an eye-watering £5,000.
They found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm. According to researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore, the level of damage to this area of the brain seems to directly affect a persons ability to detect sarcasm. During their study, which is published in the journal Neurocase, the researchers took fMRI scans of the brains of 24 stroke patients while they listened to 40 sentences of sincere or sarcastic speech.
Danny Ings (right) is a top target for Manchester United and could be set for a summer move to Old Trafford . Louis van Gaal is a fan of Ings and was impressed with the forwards performance against his side . Ings has become one of the most sought-after strikers in Europe.
Not even old enough to grow a beard, teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be one of the cousins of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Another teenage suicide bomber Abu Basir al-Shami blew himself up in Anbar province, near the Iraqi city of Ramadi. ISIS have not just used local teenagers as suicide bombers in Iraq.
Dumped: Police believe the fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport the rubbish to the roadside . 'Horrific': PC Mark Bryant, rural crime officer, said it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in 28 years .
It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control, officials said . Exposure to the chemical can cause eye, nose and throat irritation. It was the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford City last month. Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards. On Wednesday, Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident, adding that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'.
The company said at its annual Build conference on Wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the new Windows 10 operating system coming late this year.
England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion and may not play again until the World Cup warm-up matches in August. Nine weeks after being knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy, Brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to Harlequins. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says that he does not blame the England for Brown's injury .
Tennis champion Novak Djokovic has apologised to a startled ball boy and his parents after the Serbian player startled him during his final showdown with Andy Murray. Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the Miami Open to Murray.
Genti Rustemi, 45, (left) left John Doyle, 79, (right) with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attacking the lollipop man as he helped children cross the road to get to school . 'What he did was like going through a red light. Both myself and the children could have been run over.
Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. The woman has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing him. The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times.
Elliott entourage: Melbourne brand 'Elliott Label' is hitting the big time in Hollywood with Drew Barrymore a fan . The two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through Instagram. Doll to duo: Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls has now joined with Gulliver as partner to Elliott Label .
England's new record wicket-taker James Anderson has promised there is more to come as he believes he is still improving as a bowler. In his column in the Sun on Sunday, Anderson wrote: 'I am convinced I can still improve as a bowler and take plenty more wickets for England.'
The shooting left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist. Peachtree City Chief of Police William McCollom, pictured left, dialed 911 to report accidentally shooting his wife Margaret, right, as she slept in their suburban Atlanta home early New Year's Day . He resigned from the police chief position in Georgia in March . He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge .
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, quoted verses from the Quran before stabbing Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times in the east London mini cab office where his victim worked. Chowdhury, from Barking, denied, but was convicted of murder. Chowdhury is due to be sentenced on May 1.
For more than 30 years, Pat Senior, 66,  has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as Romania and Hungary. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. 'I wake at 6.30am and it's nonstop from then on,' said Mrs Senior.
Canadian-born designer Tanya Heath has lived and worked in Paris for the last 20 years . Tanya has admitted that it was difficult to create a shoe, where the composition wouldn't change depending on the height of the heel. In this case, pink sparkly heels are being chosen and slid on .
Edwin Mee denies a series of sex offences which complainants claim took place when he worked as as an Army recruitment sergeant in Croydon . He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar. The court was told that Mee was medically discharged from the Army in April 2014. 'No I did not,' replied Mee.
The skier teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt, using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around. Marcel Hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured, biodegradable powder, which erupted upon contact. The team took three days to prepare, shoot and edit the colourful video .
Bertolucci looks after Oscar, Willian and Ramires. The Fluminense forward has been linked with a number of top European clubs including Manchester United .
Ed Miliband's strategy of attacking the Tories for trying to 'privatise' the NHS backfired last night after the father of a senior Labour politician admitted he had paid for treatment. Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend. He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, of Camden, Arkansas, attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair . Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice. The daughter of sharecroppers was born in Arkansas near the Texas border and worked as a domestic helper.
The 30-year-old prince is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there. Last month, he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough."
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft (shown in construction) is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014. Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured .
(CNN)On Thursday, President Barack Obama revealed that a U.S. drone strike had killed Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto, two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Hostages such as Rezaian are canaries in the coal mine, however.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife Diane, who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue. David Priestley, 59, said he remains tormented by the thought his wife might have survived had paramedics reached her sooner.
Ellie Laing,  SBS news reporter who was hired by Carroll, has now hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics. While Laing stands by Carroll and claims that suggest the over importance her looks play, this article comes at the same week Karen Middleton,  SBS political correspondent announced her departure from the network. It's believed by insiders she didn't have the right 'profile' to fit Carroll's new criterion.
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the Sierra Nevada in early April. The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state. Cemeteries, golf courses and business headquarters must significantly cut back on watering the large landscapes. The initiatives are part of the goal to reduce water use by 25 percent compared to levels in 2013 — the year before Brown declared a drought emergency.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7. I'm a woman. she's got his back: Langley posted Durant's bail after his arrest and recanted her story the following day . A witness called police March 7 telling a 911 operator that he had seen a man beating a girl in a car. It was a very vengeful and spiteful thing to do.’ During the interview, the ASU student said that the bruises on her neck were ‘hickeys’ and her eyes were red from crying.
UNO fans, um, ate the idea up, sending #tacocannon hurtling past #EarthDay as the No. 1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha. The tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open.
Labour leader Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride that centres on the 1984 miners' strike .
Manor driver Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend .
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, according to a new book. The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News in ‘The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House.’ She tells how in the summer of 1998, a few days before Mr Clinton would admit to sex with former White House intern Miss Lewinsky, usher Worthington White was approached by Mrs Clinton.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. DIVISION ONE . Sussex . DIVISION TWO .
But that her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster to force another independence referendum. And he warned that those casting their vote on May 7 will be deciding the future of Scotland for the next few years. The former prime minister said that SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion' Mr Brown urged people to vote Labour to end the bedroom tax, food bank poverty, zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the NHS.
Johanna Powell, a picture editor working for BBC Wales, was reported missing on Saturday after a cruise boat she was in hit a rock and sank 'within a minute'. Emergency services in the country have now launched a massive search, covering 20km of the river, to try and find missing Ms Powell .
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests. ‘Although the trademarks are registered in Sports Direct’s name, the position is not as alarming as it may first appear.
Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at Sunderland after revealing Premier League survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract. 'The only downside is the climate and the weather, but even that has been good for the last few days!
When a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the Tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ‘right to steal’, it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit. But this was the Rev Richard Coles – who sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire – and he is no ordinary churchman. Known to many for presenting Radio 4’s gentle human interest show Saturday Live, he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Sharky Jama has reported been shot dead in Syria after joining Islamic State on the front lines last year . His family were informed of his death on Monday and father Dada Jama told SBS Radio he had been told of news via a text message and phone call .
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition. Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them D-Day veteran, Denis Gratton. The Queen, who had arrived on the Royal Train, was driven to the cathedral where she got a warm welcome from the flag-waving crowd and was presented with a nosegay of spring flowers. Custom: Monarchs have been presenting Maundy Money since 1210 and King John . In an echo of the Last Supper, mediaeval and Tudor monarchs also washed the feet of beggars during the service.
Another question asked if it is 'okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid'. Contrastingly, some of the scenario questions in McDonald's 23-question multiple choice quiz are far more complicated.
Pilgrims have already made reservations to see the cloth, believed to have been used to wrap Jesus' body . Imprinted with the image of a man who appears to have been crucified, the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery. When the shroud was last presented to the public, in 2010, more than two million people filed past it.
Piper's brother William, 9, on the left of the image, died in hospital on Sunday evening. Together with their older brother Daniel, 12, and mother Chantelle, 31, they had spent the day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney and had just been picked up from a nearby train station by their grandmother. Daniel is now in a stable condition. Piper died on Sunday morning, while her brother William died later that night .
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket . Vaughan was understood to be talking to the ECB about the role on Thursday after emerging as the No1 choice . Andrew Strauss is another former England captain who is being considered for the role .
'According to our work, information isn't lost once it enters a black hole,' says Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo. Last year, Hawking revised his theory by declaring that black holes were in fact 'grey'. This is a violation of quantum mechanics, which states that information must be conserved.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault . A jury at Chester Crown Court was today shown a video-taped interview which the woman gave to police two days after the alleged incident. The woman became frightened and sent three chilling text messages to one of her friends, saying she had been ‘kidnapped’ and that she was ‘not joking’.
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch, which was released to promote Apple’s Mac Operating system, a ‘rare collector item. Unlike Apple’s new Watch, the vintage model has a circular screen, which has no digital capabilities and shows the company’s old rainbow hue logo. 'Will the Apple Watch change your life?
In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta  had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck .
A Spanish expert, Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos, has found the LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness. However the problem can be remedied by using special screen filters or glasses designed to block blue light, which are available through opticians.
(CNN)The much-discussed trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" just got a makeover. Instead of Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill facing off, this version wonders what it would be like if comics' classic characters Adam West and Christopher Reeve took their places. Superman."
The French native - who lives next door to the venue - crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise, which he claims was 'similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head'. Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks . It felt like the house was shaking.' Mr Thibaux said he did not even know he was walking into a fashion week event because the bright lights obstructed his vision.
When Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old, now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989. Barton and Buelna share a special bond, as the retired officer was abandoned by his mother as a young child, too, along with his four siblings. He now hopes to help find the man's biological mother . Barton was abandoned behind these dumpsters in November 1989.
Luka Modric hobbles off the Bernabeu pitch have sprained a ligament in his right knee on Saturday . On Wednesday when they play the second leg of their quarter-final against Atletico Madrid, poised at 0-0 after the first 90 minutes, they will almost certainly also be without Bale. The Spanish press reacts to Real Madrid's injury 'crisis' having beaten Malaga 3-1 on Saturday .
Terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern Siberia - with one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing . Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured .
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John . James Maron, the family's lawyer, said the boys were in 'rough shape'. On Friday  the US Environmental Protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying' Tuition at the Tatnall school can range from $20,000 to $25,000 a year.
The 40-year-old former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said the vessels ‘need pushing back’ and asked listeners to a radio show: ‘Why do we take on everyone else's problem?’ Miss Hopkins said on LBC yesterday: 'I, for one, believe we should turn back the boats. It's hate.'
Jordan Spieth goes into the final day four shots clear and eyeing his first major title at Augusta on Sunday .
J.M. Injured on the job: A photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police Saturday night as he covered protests in Baltimore, Maryland . Hitting a journalist: In the video, the City Paper managing editor can be heard yelling 'He's a photographer! He's press!'
The British musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the New York Theatre Workshop. Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus, which he has written with award-winning playwright Enda Walsh, who wrote the hit Broadway musical Once.
Watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of ANZAC Day at an RSL club in Melbourne . The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box . The RSL general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman .
The England right-back enters the final year of his current deal at the end of the season and is yet to agree fresh terms. The Saints will actively look to sell Clyne this summer if he does not sign a new deal to avoid losing him for nothing in 2016.
Tragedy: Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand Zoo in southern Norway . Horrible scenes: Around 30 people, many of them children, witnessed Melvin, who was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition, die in the enclosure .
He grew up on a farm in rural California and at age 18 moved in with his paternal grandparents, who were Jewish. He converted to Islam in 1995 and left the United States for Pakistan three years later. The former operative said that after Gadahn joined al Qaeda, he was known as Abu Suhayb. He called for Muslims to work to overthrow governments in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
Burying the hatchet: University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes (left) has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister Kristen Saban (pictured right with coach dad), whom she had accused of brutally beating her . The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking. Grimes said she suffered serious injuries, including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery. Standing her ground: Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself . Saban then locked herself in the bathroom, and posted on her Facebook: 'No one likes Sarah, Yayyyyy!'
When Barcelona midfield maestro Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night he sent records tumbling. The former Spain international played for 148th time in the competition, more than any other player since the tournament changed to its current format in 1992. Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi for knockout stage appearances if he features on Wednesday .
Atif Saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground .
The clip shows the very moment the helmet camera becomes detached and makes its dizzying descent back to earth. Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height. The camera was discovered by Kristoffer Örstadius's father in a meadow in Gringelstad outside Kristianstad, Sweden.
Getting thousands of dollars more when you sell your house could be as simple as changing the door-knobs or sprucing up the curtains. New light fittings and a fresh coat of paint are winners, according to money expert Michelle Hutchison . Change the door handles . Paint the walls . Give kitchen cupboards new colour . New light fittings and carpet make a big difference and are among the ten top tips to add great value to your sale.
Heartbreaking: Malijah Grant, 1, was taken off life support on Saturday after she was shot in the head in a Thursday drive-by shooting outside Seattle . Not random: Police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver Chevy and initially believed it was a road rage incident gone wrong .
(CNN)This week, social media heralded as #motheroftheyear Toya Graham, the Baltimore single mom who pulled her son, who was holding a brick, away from the scene of a riot. I don't see her as a hero, either. And she will do anything to protect her son, including put herself in a dangerous situation to pull him out of there.
Scroll down for video... Addison Russell was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning during his first game at Wrigley Field . The bat went flying and it ended up striking a fan who was sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle . 'Words can't describe how bad I feel.'
PSG have an interest in signing Juventus and France's highly-rated midfielder Paul Pogba . PSG are weighing up a £15million move for Ukraine and Dynamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko (left) The French giants have been warned off Manchester United's Argentinian forward Angel di Maria (centre) The 25-year-old was a target for West Ham and Stoke last summer with Kiev willing to sell for around £15million.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say, where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise. And appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old Star Wars films are full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'.
She WILL tune in: Kim Kardashian told E! on Friday afternoon during a Variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather Bruce Jenner talk to Diane Sawyer later that evening . TMZ claimed that Bruce, 65, would be watching the special twice. The cameras for Keeping Up with the Kardashians will not be on when he watched the show, it was also claimed.
At the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points, seven off safety. Win on Saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone. So how on earth have Leicester won three on the bounce?
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series following six-month ban . The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drink-driving test .
They show Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up.
Steven Allison, 37, formerly of Idle near Bradford, West Yorkshire, had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life Down Under. Allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women after failing to turn up at Bradford Crown Court in February last year. But his plan failed and he was brought back to the UK yesterday in handcuffs and flanked by three security guards from Australia.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit Cuba, following President Obama's ease on trade and travel to  the communist nation. with the Foreign Trade and Investment Minister Rodrigo .
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66. Entertainer: Dozens of items belonging to Davy Jones, The Monkees singer, are to go on sale in New York .
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the Grangetown suburb telling the Muslim electorate: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK'. Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe' again . Messi (right, pictured in 2012 against Celtic) has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says that Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. And Van Gaal confirmed to MUTV after the game that Rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
But Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found more than just the note that cold November day in Edmonton--he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life. He later snapped a photo of the stranger's friendly note to post to Facebook, where it has now gone viral.
The announcement was made on the company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism . The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington and the program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT .
The chief spokesman for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue confirmed that the outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later. 'Things are slowly but surely returning to normal at the White House complex,' Josh Earnest, White House press secretary, said, noting that he was in the Oval Office with the president when it happened, and it was barely noticeable. Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Everton stars Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday to spread some Easter cheer for the young patients and their families. Garbutt and Baines will now be turning their attention to Everton's Premier League clash against Southampton on Saturday.
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. The pilot also reported that the children on board were 'excited and a little disruptive' during the flight. However the report also found the pilot was 'relatively new to the C-310'. There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was 'substantially damaged'.
The NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism . Staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats, last year .
Residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman . Some of the residents had been sent letters threatening legal action if the rubbish was not cleared up. 'When I saw the video I was stunned. Oldham Council had slapped stickers on the bin bags because they were not properly disposed of.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm Paddy Power. The Irish jockey will ride Ballycasey in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree .
When Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared on TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine, he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering. And in March this year, the Kremlin was forced to deny rumours that he was unwell – or had undergone surgery – when the President disappeared for 10 days, cancelling a string of appointments and public appearances.
The sight of Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressing in the nets here on Sunday, and Moeen Ali bowling apparently without discomfort after joining the squad, was a reminder that England have options for the second Test which starts on Tuesday.
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully. The older dog then moves back to where she was at the start of the video and sets about relaxing again.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992 . However, Barcelona still have a some way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition by their great rivals Real Madrid.
The RSPCA yesterday said it would be contacting Britain’s Got Talent ‘to ascertain what methods were used’ in the performance. Agreement: Marc and Wendy received a standing ovation on Saturday and progressed to the semi-finals - with Amanda Holden telling him he had made TV history . A similar illusion was used on America’s Got Talent in 2012, when contestant Todd Oliver appeared to make his French bulldog speak.
Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states, with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike. Inclement weather: Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday . Winds, tornadoes, and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday by the news outlet - with flash floods as an potential issue on Monday. The forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio, New York, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week, the Washington Post reported.
!’ Sir Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record on the third morning in Antigua . Moeen Ali, pictured playing for Worcestershire, has been added to the England squad for the remaining Tests . Blackwood frustrates Ben .
Experts in America found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent. It comes just days before retirees in Britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings for the first time ever in the biggest shake-up of pensions for almost a century.
Sharapova has been forced to pull out of Russia's semi-final against Germany in Sochi with a leg injury, the Russian Tennis Federation said on Tuesday. Anastasia Myskina is the Russia Fed Cup captain . Venus Williams has pulled out of the USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons .
(CNN)This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments. He said once the changes were implemented his payment rose by $600, to a total of $1,900 a month.
Half a cockroach. The cosmetic artist, from New Zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth. A New Zealand woman discovered a  cockroach after taking three bites into her Big Mac burger . McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation .
Does anyone really believe I shouldn't talk about gun safety in these cases? The Florida Medical Association didn't provide me with details about whether it has a lobbying effort against the gun law, and the Arizona Medical Association told me in a statement that "ArMA's policy is to take no position on abortion." Members are concerned about the precedent being set. Arkansas enacted a law similar to Arizona just days later.
But after Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses – following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire – Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. Jesinta Campbell (right) says she shed tears with Belle Gibson (left) at the Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards last year. 'No. None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
Kristin Holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a Facebook feud. She captioned the photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me".' She has since been charged with harassment by computer, according to WWBT. 'It wasn't a threat. Suspect: Holmes (above) is facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $2,500 fine .
Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter. Teaching about medical marijuana remains taboo in medical school. Readers also wanted to know why people are so against the legalization of marijuana.
Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city . Specifically, he said he'd had enough of the Dell XPS 410's 'blue screen of death.'
The mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name. All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka. Currently, the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm.
Ibrahim Anderson, left, and Shah Jahah Khan, who have both pleaded guilty to terror offences today at Westminister Magistrates Court . Khan, left, and Anderson are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street and handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join ISIS .
Lionel Messi (left), Luis Suarez (centre) and Neymar celebrate Suarez's goal in the first minute for Barcelona against Valencia . Valencia enjoyed a better first half, despite the scoreline and captain Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute .
Manchester City bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against West Ham. Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero wheels away in celebration after scoring his 20th Premier League goal . Star man: Jesus Navas .
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil commemorative banners. Also at the ceremony was Jeff Bauman, who lost both legs in the bombings. Strong: Jeff Bauman, who lost both of his legs in the bombings, is pictured with his wife Erin and their daughter, Nora Gail, as they walk down Boylston Street in Boston this morning . Incredible: He was accompanied by Carlos Arredondo, who helped save his life two years ago . Heartbreaking: A group of women gather near the site during the moment of silence on Tuesday afternoon .
Rangers interim chairman Paul Murray insisted on Thursday night the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ‘solely’ to blame for the club’s stock exchange removal. The Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations. Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected by the stock exchange removal .
A fixed-term Starter Marriage, in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a 'wedlease'- would work better for many couples, argues Susan Pease Gadoua. At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage, at which point they should draw up a revised contract.
When Eve Addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic, she assumed she must have an allergy. But when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her GP. About 70 per cent of people diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck. Itching, which may be worse after drinking alcohol .
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. Group 15, 3:30pm: Tiger Woods, Jamie Donaldson, Jimmy Walker .
PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay celebrates with the trophy after securing the Eredivisie championship . He is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer, without even being PSV's main forward. Depay was understood to have held a meeting in Manchester  as he nears his £25m move with Louis van Gaal . A left winger who cuts inside with a powerful right foot – not unlike his counterpart and compatriot Arjen Robben. Nobody in Eredivisie completed more dribbles (101) last season, and he created the second-most chances (87), too. Depay celebrates with his Holland team-mate Arjen Robben during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila will try to persuade Jason Denayer and Manchester City to extend the centre-back's loan deal next season - but Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets.
Ricardo's Carvalho's initial contact on Alvaro Morata appeared to come from outside the area . The Juventus striker went down under Carvalho's challenge and the referee pointed to the penalty spot .
Above, at least 16 men are marched down a beach in Libya by militants before they are killed . Ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage but condemned the 'atrocious act', a government official said. A masked fighter in black then brandishes a pistol as he vows to kill Christians if they do not convert. It comes just two months after IS militants  filmed themselves beheading 21 captured Egyptian Christians on a similar beach, which immediately drew Egyptian airstrikes on the group's suspected positions in Libya.
However, a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year. The damning evidence they uncovered suggests that tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed on demand to supply an ongoing illegal organ transplant industry. The pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in China, and it's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors. Members of Falun Gong movement demonstrate outside the Hawaii Convention Center in Hawaii in 2011 . ‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will be shown on Dateline on SBS One at 9.30pm on Tuesday.
A 10-hour flight turned into a lengthy delay as an Ethiopian Airlines plane diverted twice to Mumbai . It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble, Mid-Day reported. The flight diversions occurred just days after the state-owned carrier was named one of the world’s most reliable airlines.
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon . Sevilla vs Fiorentina . The other tie sees Rafa Benitez's Napoli take on Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine for a place in the Warsaw final, which takes place on May 27.
The inquiry into the Iraq war, lead by Sir John Chilcot, began in 2009, stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, a source said .
Surrey have signed Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques for this summer's NatWest T20 Blast. Henriques, pictured in the Big Bash (left) and in ODI action for Australia (right), will join after the IPL .
Sydney Harbour . British Airways' Senior First Officer Kate Laidler said one of her favourite plane views was of Cape Town. Grand Canyon . Sit on the left side of the plane for incredible views of the sprawling Grand Canyon stretching out before you.
Life cut short: The fresh-faced blonde beauty who studied managment at James Madison University (pictured) was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg . ‘The first one’s the warning,’ Rye High School senior Mike Augusta told CBS New York. Third death: Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year .
They will come up against each other in the year's first major on Thursday, but it wasn't that long ago that Rory McIlroy was looking up to Tiger Woods. The world No 1 - now 103 places above Woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the Masters next week and claim his first green jacket, thus completing a career Grand Slam. Speaking about 'Ripple', McIlroy said: 'As a kid, I looked up to Tiger.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears earlier this month. The crew fashioned Mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels.
Ferrari mechanics show their joy after Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix, helping record the team's first Formula One win since 2013 at the Spanish Grand Prix .
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona. Unfortunately for Luiz, both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and, unsurprisingly, internet jokers had a field day.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area . Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall. The family is currently storing a small ball of ice in their freezer to start a new snowman next winter.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Salford half-back Rangi Chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban after he was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year . Providing Lee comes through unscathed, London's Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger - while a lucrative fight against Puerto Rico legend Miguel Cotto is also a potential option.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on March 12 . In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting . 'Even though I was in the wrong, though, I should have just went the other way,' he said. 'Oh man, now I'm looking at 10 years.' He also expressed remorse .
Bojan Krkic, pictured celebrating a goal against Rochdale, has picked his Premier League team of the season . The Stoke striker  poses in his garden at his home in the Barcelona province of El Papiol . GOALKEEPER: DAVID DE GEA . CENTRE BACK: JOHN TERRY . CENTRE MIDFIELD: SANTI CAZORLA . He is getting better and better. CENTRE FORWARD: SERGIO AGUERO .
Denmark and Brondby defender Daniel Agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen in the head.
While individual fighters are not always accepted, volunteers working as military trainers are sharing their expertise to support those on the front lines of the fight against ISIS forces.
The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. For dessert, Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser. 6. Herb Crusted Salmon with Pea Puree: . Greek Lamb .
And then, just as we start our descent to the little resort of Niyama, in the Dhaalu Atoll, a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital Malé, two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef. The days unwind quietly for Penny, with snorkelling, visits to the spa and walks around the island . ' Edge's executive chef (an Aussie named Geoff Clark) serves up exquisite food.
Everyone is watching Valencia’s 19-year-old left back Jose Luis Gaya with Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea hoping to snatch him from under Real Madrid’s nose this summer. His buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m. He has supported the club all his life. He’s 20 in May and staying in Spain will be appealing. Gaya, pictured here at the 2013 Under 20 World Cup, has represented Spain up to under 21 standard .
Keeping it in the family: National Front founder Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, right,  angered daughter Marine, 46, and now wants granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, to replace him in the regional elections .
Spanish papers report on the attacking selection that Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti now has at the club . For the first time since November midfield quartet Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo. Meanwhile Tuttosport looks ahead at the Coppa Italia semi-final second legs taking place in midweek - with Fiorentina's clash against Juventus taking centre stage.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, who now lives in Scotland, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, many of whom were young black women, on a military base in south London, during the army interview and screening process. It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon. She told the court: 'What he said was "don't worry, I will take care of her, I hope she is as sweet as she looks".'
Flashback to 2012: These were the heartbreaking scenes of a family being torn apart when four young sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in Italy . 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious, at their home near Florence and they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit. Tara Brown said the girls loved Australia and missed it, but they were calmly getting on with their lives and planning their immediate futures in Italy.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta (shown) using images from the Dawn spacecraft. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' You can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ‘the party of the grafters’. The Prime Minister, who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion, said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting: ‘Nothing matters more.’ He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Doctors advised the 39-year-old that she needed immediate surgery, suggesting a double mastectomy. Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013. But four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had cancer . The Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust, which operates the hospital, has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and the unnecessary surgery performed.
The 2013 Wimbledon champion and Olympic gold medalist has revealed he has left the vast majority of planning next week's wedding to his fiancée, Kim Sears. In an American interview, the 2012 US Open winner, said: 'I think in a lot of cases it's just better to let the woman have it how she would like. Because I like my food - I like good food.
All guests on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised . The mood lighting is available in all classes aboard Virgin's Dreamliner, helping passengers adjust to time zones . One of the key modifications in business class is a modification of the bar area to make it more social.
The pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped, in a return to classic Real Madrid jerseys, although the away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge . The away kit is all grey, including the club badge, with a slight yellow trim .
(CNN)Island-hoppers take note: Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island. Here are the top 10 U.S. islands: . Maui, Hawaii .
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals . The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb Lionel Messi next month .
(CNN)Suzanne Crough, the child actress who portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "The Partridge Family," has died. She was 52. Crough passed away Monday at home in Laughlin, Nevada, the Clark County Coroner's Office said.
Andy Burnham (left) and Ed Miliband promise that Labour will make the Premier League invest in grassroots . David Cameron is accused of not keeping his promises and getting tough on the Premier League . Labour sports spokesman Clive Efford added: 'We will get tough and under Labour's better plan we will make sure the Premier League lives up to its commitment to invest in the grassroots.
As the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, Kylie Jenner was bound to have a different upbringing to your average teen. And as she teeters on the brink of adulthood, the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
Ricky Hatton knows that Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century. Hatton also says having trainer Freddie Roach (right) in his corner gives Pacquiao a huge advantage . Mayweather has also been posting pictures and video of his preparation for the May 2 showdown . Bolton boxer Amir Khan could cause Mayweather problems, according to Hatton .
(CNN)The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people. That man, identified as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, was located late Wednesday at a Chicago-area hotel. Tidwell is the boys' grandmother and the mother of the alleged gunman.
But she is expected to build a narrative showing her client as a puppet of his dominant older brother. A deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev -- which means the defense only needs to convince one juror to spare his life.
Staff at Old Trafford will be paid at least £7.85 an hour after Man United decided to introduce living wage . All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season . City are also committed to paying their full-time staff the living wage.
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture' The infused special fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream, redirecting moisture back into the skin .
‘Given that there were an estimated 198million malaria cases in 2013, this level of efficacy potentially translates into millions of cases of malaria in children being prevented.’ But he said he was ‘disappointed’ by the results of the clinical trials, adding: ‘I hoped the vaccine would be more effective, but we were never going to end up with the success seen in measles vaccines, with 97 per cent efficacy.’ The shot , which is designed to be used by children in Africa, could be approved by October, making it the first approved vaccine for the world's most deadly disease .
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s persistent groin problems . Oxlade-Chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former Southampton man of his groin discomfort. Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield for £4.5million .
Hunted down: Corporal Mark Donaldson VC, one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers is pictured in Afghanistan where he and fellow SAS troops hunted down and shot dead the Taliban warlord who had boasted of killing Prince Harry . Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force, which will be his last tour of duty in the military . The prince will spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the Australian Army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment. A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchange for some time, and he was excited for a 'challenging and hectic' schedule.
(CNN)Cynthia Lennon, who married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles, died Wednesday, according to a post on the website of her son, Julian. She was 75. She is survived by her son.
I’ll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details,’ Reverend Williams told Daily Mail Australia. ‘I met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl. School cleaner Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June. A NSW Health spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that Ms Scott’s body was still undergoing tests on Thursday.
Manchester United's humiliation of their neighbours City continued their outstanding record against the Barclays Premier League's top seven this season. Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches, while Chelsea (1.56) and City (1.5) sit second and third respectively.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . A video of the crocodile swimming through the marina with the bike shop owner's dog has been viewed more than 500,000 times .
Wayne Rooney doesn't look best pleased after being spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover . The 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea in the Premier League .
This puzzled puffin was spotted flying into London along the Thames, close to the A4 flyover at Brentford . The distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident.
The trip to Anfield is Newcastle's first outing since losing a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015. Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League .
Relieved: The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims against him were thrown out . The allegations were made by Miss Roberts, now 31, who had claimed she was the sex slave of disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein - a former friend of Andrew's. Denied: The Duke has always denied the lurid accusations made by Virginia Roberts, now 31 .
Behind the smile: Oscar-winning actress Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History.' Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust . 'After several more encounters with her audience, a man approached with an 8X10 photo of Octavia for her to sign but she was clearly furious and said, 'I'm NOT doing that.
At the conclusion of an open training session for fans at White Hart Lane on Thursday morning Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, Christian Eriksen.
(CNN)A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people, including some inmates who were on a work detail there. That inmate and the county worker were undergoing emergency surgery, she said.
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events. The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'. The new lawsuit alleges that Officer Darren Wilson destroyed evidence after he shot Brown on the street of the St. Louis suburb last August, saying he washed blood off his hands and cleared and bagged the gun used in the shooting. The civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation.
Raheem Sterling looks relaxed during Liverpool's training session on Thursday morning . 'Now, as a 20-year-old, no he's not at that level,' said Rodgers. The latter, according to Rodgers, should not be an issue. He still needs guidance and help — that is pretty clear.' Joe Allen finds himself sandwiched by Mario Balotelli and Sterling during the game .
He subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Marko Arnautovic (second left) is mobbed by his Stoke City team-mates after scoring a 95th minute equaliser at West Ham United . Cresswell (right) gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after Enner Valencia was fouled . Minutes later Arnautovic had the ball in the net, slotting past Adrian, but his run was correctly flagged for offside.
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties, asking them what they thought the most important issues facing the country were. The omission recalls Ed Miliband’s embarrassing gaffe in which he completely forgot an entire passage about the deficit from his conference speech last year.
An axe-wielding robber  has been jailed after his attempt to rob a store was foiled when he was jumped on by the shopkeeper and hit by his wife with a baseball bat. He started shoplifting at the age of 12 and by 15 he had been arrested 80 times, and had convictions for aggravated vehicle-taking, sending indecent letters, and burglary.
Dr Neil Phillips (right), pictured with Sir Alf Ramsey (centre) was England's doctor at the 1966 World Cup . Phillips was also with England in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan (centre) and Mick Channon .
The 70-year-old man was playing golf on Monday at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, owned by Clive Palmer . The man, who was a member at the golf course, was treated by paramedics at the scene before he was taken to Mossman District Hospital in a stable condition. An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile while he was playing golf in Queensland .
Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a midfield role at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four Manchester United players ruled out of the clash with Chelsea. Centre-backs Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders, and with Jonny Evans completing his six-match ban, Louis van Gaal described it as ‘the worst scenario’. Luke Shaw hasn't featured under Louis van Gaal recently but should return to play at left back .
Nina Moric, pictured, took to Instagram to deny claims that she tried to take her own life over the weekend . I fell banging my head and I hurt everywhere because of low blood pressure.' The Croatian-born model, pictured, claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure' Italian media claimed Ms Moric, pictured, was found in her apartment by her mother on Saturday night .
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway (above) to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old . This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
Aaron Bee went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting the police officers who were chasing him with selfies taken outside their headquarters. He has now been jailed for eight months . The father of one pictured outside Lincolnshire Police headquarters in November. He was eventually arrested in a cafe .
(CNN)Percy Sledge, the R&B belter whose biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music, died Tuesday. He was 73. Sledge died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, said Stephanie Price of the East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner's Office. But his first and biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," towered over them all.
The Foxes had look buried two weeks ago, seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place, but are now just three points behind Hull City, the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor. Foxes boss Nigel Pearson (left) believes Premier League survival is still firmly placed in his side's hands . In many ways that's the driving force for us but we've still got an awful lot to do.
Searches are taking place at a number of addresses in Birmingham and police say the arrests are part of an on-going investigation. Officers added that the suspects, who are not a family group and were not accompanied by children, did not pose any immediate risk to public safety.
It's not advertised as 'glamping' but with big duvets and brass beds, Eurocamp's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. We visited L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France at the end of August. This site is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in France. With four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. When they arrived on Thursday, everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers. It was through the entire baby section.'
"RIP Stan Freberg. A legend, an inspiration, and a friend."
The sleepy squirrel sticks out his tongue after waking up from a nap on a coconut leaf in India . Photographer and student Ranajit Roy spent five minutes taking pictures of the palm squirrel in his hometown . I was definitely in the right place at the right time.'
Robert Downey Jr (left) has been accused of making a racist remark about Oscar-winning Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu during an interview. The Avengers star said: 'I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is' Mr Inarritu, who took home the Academy Award for best director for Birdman at this year's ceremony, slammed action films in an interview with Deadline in 2014.
French climber Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist, for assistance. The French daredevil set off at 8.25pm and the climb took him an hour and a half to complete .
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of Barclays Premier League survival . Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the Premier League encounter at The Hawthorns . Booked: Gardner, Fletcher . The Leicester defender, who joined the club in February, is congratulated by his team-mates after making it 2-2 with 10 minutes to go . West Brom paid tribute to  Jeff Astle on 'Astle Day', the former Baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due .
They were part of a worrying rise in the amount of child abuse the IWF discovered online. Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year. Most of the photographs and videos of sexual abuse that the IWF found online were on websites hosted in North America.
It took a team of firefighters, police and engineers, but a house on Sydney's Northern Beaches tragically damaged in the this week's destructive storm in NSW has finally been demolished. The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday, endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. A cherry picker was brought in to harness the house's weight, and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell .
Former Bradford City chairman Stafford Heginbotham, left, with Mr Justice Popplewell in the aftermath of the Bradford City fire. Today, the former judge has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident . The stand at the Valley Parade ground burns after a fire in 1985.
86-year-old Daphne Selfe has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dunn, 22 . At the time of the interview in 2011 Daphne, from Baldock, Hertfordshire, was still commanding £1,000 per day for her work.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies -- at $9 a tin. People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70% mark-up yards away, something the bakery also tries to discourage.
Kim, who will marry her long-term partner later this month, showcased a golden glow  watching Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in their fourth round match. Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 and not, as anticipated, in the tiny chapel at his Cromlix House Hotel, near the Perthshire town where he grew up.
The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall over alterations made by a previous owner . The Jubbs said they obtained a certificate that stated there were no infractions when they bought the estate . When the Jubbs tried to sell the town hall ruled that the alterations, including a swimming pool, were illegal .
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog on Wednesday after returning home to London . Ozil impressed on international duty as Germany beat Gerogia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday .
A brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre Twitter spat with teetotal politician George Galloway. The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was 'still a thing'. The brewery also said that they would put forward a candidate at the next general election if Mr Galloway retains his seat on May 7.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. The guys couldn't help it. Another former member, Karen Winder, told stuff.co.nz abuse was 'not rampant'. '(Some think) that 13 and 14 year old girls are ready to have babies - there's no child rape going on,' Ms Winder was quoted saying.
Freddie Sears (left) opens the scoring for Ipswich as Cardiff defender Bruno Ecuele Manga tries to stop him . Daryl Murphy (centre) wraps up the win for Ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute . But five minutes later Cardiff levelled.
Emily Ratajkowski  swears by hiking, yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure . The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body. Emily, who isn't afraid to parade her figure on Instagram, always fits in her yoga classes a 'couple of time a week', which she says is a 'big part' of her regimen .
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal. Terrified: Patrick Henry Kelly, left, allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host Mary Lucia, right, had taken out against him after he sent her letters, emails and gifts to her home and workplace . He left candles, a bottle of wine, a frog calculator and flowers at her home - allegedly violating the restraining order five times between August and October 2014. Lucia wrote online on Wednesday.
Starbucks ran its European business, including its booming UK division, through the Netherlands where it paid almost no tax on its profits. Now details of a little-known tax division have emerged. A Starbucks spokesman said: ‘We comply with all relevant tax rules, laws, and OECD guidelines and we continue to cooperate with the European Commission’s state aid investigation in the Netherlands.’
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014. Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'. Jewell still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled, and even her driver's license, which she was meant to renew, now lists her as deceased, she told Fox 17 West Michigan.
The woman picked up the 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, whose face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos, some with neo-Nazi symbolism. Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth', according to the station. An extradition hearing was scheduled for Wednesday to send him back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder.
Reunited: Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier (with owner Kirsty Mitton, right) - who travelled from Wednesbury, West Midlands, to Buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law (left) Safe now: The seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector's van and started barking . When she opened her cab door, Alfie bounded in and started licking her face appreciatively.
(CNN)Three British citizens arrested in the United Arab Emirates after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport are to be released Monday, their lawyer, Nasser al-Hashem, tells CNN. The three have been in jail since February 22.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup . EMIRATES’ SPORT PORTFOLIO . Arsenal and the Emirates Stadium . AC Milan . Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid signed sealed a lucrative deal with Emirates in 2013 .
The pair have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in Manchester United's last two victories. Ander Herrera posted his picture on his Instagram with his Manchester United team-mate Juan Mata (left) Herrera followed up his compatriot's achievement with a brace of his own as United stormed to a 3-1 victory against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Executives at Coronation Street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors, the catalyst for which was Katy's extensive voiceover work. BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH . OLIVIA COLMAN . SHANE RICHIE .
Labour were left embarrassed tonight after it was forced to remove a signatory to a letter of support after she was exposed as a benefit cheat who had swindled nearly £30,000. One of the signatories identified herself as someone who had ‘worked on [a] zero hours contract’, but Labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012. A court in Manchester heard that the woman moved to Britain after she had a ‘marriage of convenience’ in Nigeria in December 2007.
The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past . Poulter, accompanied by fellow Englishman Paul Casey, finished tied sixth at the US Masters . World boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jnr. Robin van Persie is one of several players who have used horse placenta massages to aid recovery .
Olympic champion Alistair Brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to World Triathlon Series action in Cape Town. Brownlee's victory capped a good week for Great Britain after Vicky Holland triumphed in the women's race on Saturday.
Thrilling: Footage released today shows Prince Harry howling with excitement as the Spitfire performs a loop over the English Cennel . Success: Touching down after the flight, the royal gives a thumbs up and smiles out the window as he says the landing felt 'quite good' Thrilling: Footage released today shows the 30-year-old royal howling with excitement as the fighter plane is guided into a loop .
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. Benaud  died peacefully in his sleep overnight  surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. At the time of his death in Sydney overnight Benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 Test matches . Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral following his death.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades  which he hopes to harvest next year. But the Munros recovered and weather-permitting they hope to have their first big crop harvested in 2016 and ready for sale in 2017.
Watford have secured promotion back to the Premier League after their 2-0 win away at Brighton . As results from the other games come through, players celebrate wildly on the team-bus . The squad uploaded numerous videos on the internet in the immediate aftermath, with Tommie Hoban labelling it an 'unbelievable achievement'. The Watford players celebrate at full-time as they secure a return to English football's top-flight .
Auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw aSubaru take to the water . One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, however besides getting a bit wet, no one was injured .
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island, leaving the hanging by a thread. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. 'One of his legs was laying next to him under the truck.
Cameron Hooker, who kept a hitchhiker as sex slave for seven years, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 . Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. He was said to have burst into tears.
A new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next UK government, and 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country . 'It might be a match made in heaven for them but it is a match made in hell for the British economy.'
The Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge against Harvey Weinstein is 'not supported' Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her in his office on March 27 . Battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after making the allegation against Weinstein . The delay led to speculation Battilana made the groping allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of Weinstein's films.
An economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $24 trillion, one that annually churns out the equivalent of $2.5 trillion, is under assault. The fact is that the ocean feeds us, employs us, offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people throughout the world.
Friends of 16-year-old Rachelle Owen said the teenager ‘just wanted to be with her mum’ Kay Diamond, who was discovered dead in February. Police said the death was not being treated as suspicious. Schoolgirl Rachelle Owen, 16, has died after being struck by a train - just two months after her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered .
Luke Shambrook, who went without food or water since Good Friday, has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old, his parents Rachel and Tim Shambrook revealed in an emotional press conference on Thursday. ‘One thing in his favour is he has been going there since he was one-year-old, every year he’s been up and down the hills and visiting the lake,’ Luke’s father Tim said. Luke Shambrook's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long . Luke has been comforted by his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and after suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found.
Teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs . Pupils complete star jumps during a Kung Fu Panda fitness class at a school in eastern China .
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became temporarily separated from its herd after emerging from the water. Chased away: But the calf's angry mother charges on to the scene and is too much of a threat for the lion .
Newcastle midfielder Rolando Aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season . The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s against Derby on Wednesday .
Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'. He also said that the incident was being 'taken seriously'.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook. 'I'm telling your right now: deal with it before I deal with it.' 'I said to him, "My husband will not handle me at all."' Rudd said Maaco President Jose Costa called her Thursday, the day after she posted the recording, and said he couldn't fire the employee because he's a co-owner of the franchise.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are. Its research found that almost 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day.
London-based Trotters, who describe their clothing as 'exclusive, yet affordable: stylish yet traditional', has unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's imminent arrival. The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers, and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls. Here's to a fashionable future for baby number two!
Claim: Murder suspect Dmitri Kovtun says that Alexander Litvinenko killed himself by mistake . He described the death as an 'accidental suicide', adding: 'I am more than sure that he was dealing with polonium without knowing it. Suspects: Kovtun, left, and Lugovoi, right, have previously refused to co-operate with the public inquiry into Litvinenko's death .
Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma Izzy Brown and Eden Hazard (left to right) celebrate Thai New Year . The Blues foursome took part in the Thai activity with a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training base . The Songkran festival, which started on Monday and finishes on Wednesday, is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to be substituted against Sevilla . 'As a coach I understand that all the players want to be on the pitch,' he added.
The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. Sydney's two-day total rainfall  totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years. The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney .
Now the Canadian singer has revealed to People magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. Lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring.
A single mom and her three kids who 'lost everything but their lives' in the East Village apartment explosion last week are getting an incredible outpouring of support from their fellow New Yorkers. A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family.
The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. ‘But they may be in an expert category of visual processing.
Rarely since the first century has the church in the East faced persecution on this scale.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao next weekend but officially, no tickets are on sale . Please be aware that tickets for the May 2, 2015, Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight are not yet available for purchase. Initially, Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum said tickets would be on sale in the first week of April but that less than 1,000 - priced between $1,500 and $7,500 - were expected to be made available to the public. 'What do you want from me? It remains to be seen who will make up the 16,500-capacity crowd at the MGM Grand .
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers with some fine displays . Spurs are determined to keep Lloris at White Hart Lane and will put a £35million price tag on his head .
Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure .
Dollar preaches to loud applause. Prosperity gospel is a theology that promises wealth and health to those who tithe 10% of their income to the church.
Satisfied, it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in. The fly tries hard to set itself free by beating its legs, heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly . The video was recorded in Auckland, New Zealand.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur. The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career,' according to a sworn statement by the investigator. Targeted: After Presley killed Calvin Gholston (left), 53, he felt a 'self-described adrenaline fueled high' and went on to shoot Dorian Jenkins (right), 42, while he slept on the sidewalk in November .
Horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying McIlroy's clubs on the par-three course . Woods played in the Masters Par-3 Contest at Augusta National for the first time in 11 years . American 36-year-old Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 contest after a three-hole play-off with Camilo Villegas. One Direction singer Horan tweeted a picture of him and McIlroy (left), while NHL player Teemu Selanne caddies for Mikko Ilonen (right) Golf legend Jack Nicklaus celebrates a hole in one on the fourth hole of the Augusta National par-3 course . American golfer Rickie Fowler shares a joke with his girlfriend Alexis Randock during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday .
Gary Goldsmith, the controversial brother of Kate’s mother, Carole Middleton, posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua, Cheech, on social media. His accompanying message included the words: ‘Evil s***… Coming to get ya.’ The flamboyant millionaire businessman, who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes, was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent’s Park at 8.30am yesterday.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas. She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. But police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children for being 'mouthy'. She wrote in her journal she thought he was going to divorce her .
Watch the volume as O'Malley uses YouTube to test Clinton pokes . How aggressive will he get? Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina keep their traditional slots at the front end of the calendar.
Manny Pacquiao decided to train on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday as he ran along the trail at Griffith Park ahead of his highly-anticipated fight against Floyd Mayweather. The 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he continued to gear up for his May 2 encounter against the undefeated Mayweather.
According Jillian Eugenios at CNNMoney, the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy. An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. Facebook has strict restrictions against using its private API.
Called High There!, the app is officially described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. ‘To all of you in states where cannabis is now legal, High There!
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene. Killed: Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon .
Cheat: Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres, but was filmed running and jumping as he took to the pitch for his pub football team . Billam had claimed more than £15,000 in incapacity benefit when the Department of Work and Pensions were tipped off . Billam was sentenced to a 26-week suspended prison sentence after he admitted benefit fraud .
England picked up their first title on the Sevens World Series this season after beating competition leaders South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo tournament on Sunday. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries in the final for the English, who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to Fiji on Saturday to win a first title since the Wellington Sevens in Feb. 2013.
Prior, 33, was badly affected by the problem last summer, eventually losing his England place to Jos Buttler, and has not played since July. 'It's a blow for him and a blow for us. As everybody knows, it's been a long injury.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by gitrlfriends Montana Yorke (left) and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel . 'Great evening with Andre Schurrle, Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel,' Gotze added.
After an awkward exchange with Ivan Loncsarevity at the plant in Essex, Mr Farage was quick to insist he did not want to send EU migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young Britons.
Manny Pacquiao poses for a picture with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez . Pacquiao took to Instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather . Pacquiao said on Twitter: 'Only 18 more days until the blessed event.
Shannen Hussein, pictured with her lamb Winter, lives on a hobby farm outside Melbourne with over 150 pets . Ms Hussein , 21, cares for dogs, cats, sheep, birds, lizards, snakes, scorpions, camels and many more creatures . When originally posted, the video of Winter bounding down the hallway of the house was shared by Taylor Swift, Ashton Kutcher, Ariana Grande and picked up by Ellen Degeneres and MTV.
The pursuit of journalists for paying public officials was in ruins last night after prosecutors dropped a raft of cases. Lucy Panton, former News of the World crime reporter, had her conviction quashed by the Court of Appeal after being the first to be found guilty .
A children's story written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time. The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
Taking a stand: Jonny Bucknell is no stranger to odd behaviour. In 2013 he slept in his car at the Tory party conference. Mr Bucknell said at the time it was to make a stand against what he called 'ridiculous prices'.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. Brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where  Russell, 43, and Williams, 30, died. Asked how he found out, Sabolik said: 'Because [Brelo] was talking about it.' He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years if convicted.
The London Mayor, who today launched the Tory campaign in the capital, said the Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism'.
The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, before being loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season. Origi referenced the progress of winger Jordon Ibe (left) as an example of youth players improving at the club . Origi added that he thinks the long-term progress of Raheem Sterling means he is joining the right club .
"And I think that she will follow where the evidence leads. I do not think she will follow just public opinion."
by Lizzy Hawker . She had entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc (UTMB) on a whim — but now, the reality of the challenge ahead began to sink in. Some 26 hours, 51 minutes and 51 seconds later, Hawker surprised herself, and everyone else, by becoming the first woman to cross the dark, wet, Alpine finish line that year, coming 24th overall.
Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy . Already it has emerged that Lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself as well as information concerning the cockpit door locking mechanism.
(CNN)The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit, the Web.com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event. Realistically, a top ten finish would be a fine achievement for Day, which would earn him a place in the field for the tournament after the Masters, the Heritage in South Carolina.
The new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. To use the feature on Twitter’s website: .
Cui Hongfang, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death.
Craig, 54, is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer, which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes.
San Bernardino County spokesman David Wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting. Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
The signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture . The lovelorn writer also said told how they had 'never been happier' and that their dearest was the love of their life. In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs .
Backlash: Virginia Roberts - pictured here with Prince Andrew - is being sued for defamation . Miss Roberts has also been branded ‘despicable’ by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel who said that he is considering legal action of his own.
A politics teacher at a £31,000-a-year boarding school attended by Sir Winston Churchill has been banned from classrooms after he was caught on video exposing himself to a woman on a train. He was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years.
A serial thief who stole £30,000 worth of irreplaceable Rolex watches, jewellery and iPhones from wealthy gym members has today been jailed for 32 months. He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout. Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
Reports suggest Labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white 'Q' added to its black door. Ross Thomson, a Scottish Conservative Councillor, posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today .
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners. London Marathon 2014 winner Wilson Kipsang is also a client of Dutch management company Volare Sports .
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
Officers including Scott Beaty (center) approached the unidentified 18-year-old inmate and told him to go back to his cell . Beaty was taken to the intensive care unit after the incident, where he suffered broken bones in his face and brain bleeding .
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. House: Officers from Norman Police were met by a boy, thought to be Wright's brother, at a house on 3417 Madra Street, he told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home .
This is the moment a van driver unleashes a foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist (pictured) after the man moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide, ending with the car stopped across the lorry's bonnet . As the car driver got out to survey the scene, the trucker ranted: 'F****** w*****.
The UKIP leader said the pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during the early weeks of the election campaign, but insists he is now 'back on form'. Mr Farage revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant .
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' Charles Wright, manager of the Maumee, Ohio, restaurant, told Bloomberg. To be fair, multimillionaire 'Clinton didn't pay' for the meal, according to Wright. 'The other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to Abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign. The manager says they didn't leave a tip . Clinton and Abedin dropped by the Maumee restaurant incognito for lunch just after 1 pm on Monday during their road trip from New York to Iowa for the first round of campaign events.
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN)A day after winning Nigeria's presidency, Muhammadu Buhari told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption that has long plagued Nigeria and go after the root of the nation's unrest. As many as 70% of Nigerians live below the poverty line, surviving on less than a dollar a day.
VanZant was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion. 'It's like my birthday every time I walk out to the cage,' the strawweight said.
#weedisnotacrime.' Jesse getting arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday . Jasmine lit up in celebration of Jesse's ongoing campaign to legalise marijuana . Jesse was equally delighted with a video of the protest which was widely shared on social media.
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran that the White House earlier implied may have been on the chopping block. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
When more than 200 Nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by Boko Haram militants, millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January . Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in Shanghai. He makes the razor sharp swords with steel that is 3mm thick.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
Delonte' Martistee, 22, (left) and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, (right) have been charged in connection with the alleged rape after police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during another investigation . Authorities  are still searching for two additional suspects in the case. The investigation related to the incident is ongoing.
Unite boss Len McCluskey, pictured, boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour Party . Mr McCluskey urges his members to ‘take back our country’ and ‘restore decency, dignity and justice’. Earlier this week it emerged that more than half of Labour candidates in winnable seats are sponsored by Unite.
Despite temperatures in London reaching a toasty 23 degrees, the 31-year-old was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city. Keeping cool in the sunshine, Pippa teamed her bright coral vest with coordinating Adidas shorts.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan, whose badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year. Spanish police released footage of their dramatic swoop.
Bournemouth have been this season's surprise package and led the Championship for 101 days . 'Our fans have to scream from the start to the end. Alex Neil (left) has impressed since taking over at Norwich and the Canaries remain in contention at the top . The eighth side in the division are Wolves, who have the most potent striker in 28-goal Benik Afobe, signed from Arsenal for £2million in January. Welcome to the Championship rat race.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring a little bit of the NFL Draft to London next month by having a UK-based fan announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on television. It will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the United States.
US basketball star Thabo Sefolosha blamed six officers from the New York Police Department (NYPD) for breaking his leg after they forced him to the ground and arrested him. He was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments, and is unable to play any of the matches left in the season. The NYPD have now launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force when overpowering the player.
Radamel Falcao has struggled for Manchester United during his season-long loan . And Dirar has revealed that Falcao was not happy in France but thinks he would have been better off staying at Monaco.
Bianca London and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies. The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' - but the results were rather scary... and obvious . Countless celebrities - including Beyonce, Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian - have been called out on mishaps like this by savvy social media users.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. Work of art: The painting inspired by a view from the meadow that was bought by The Tate for 23.1million in May 2013 .
Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Old Trafford hotseat where he won 38 trophies - including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. Although the dancer, who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old, had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. Alissa's amazing story inspired Utah musical trio Gentri to feature her in the music video for their song Dare.
Reading manager Steve Clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper Adam Federici to help him get over his Wembley gaffe. The Australian blew his side’s chances of beating Arsenal in Saturday’s FA Cup semi-final by spilling Alexis Sanchez’s shot into his own net in extra-time.
Frank Abagnale (right) has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen. The conman turned fraud expert also travelled the globe posing as an international airline pilot for Pan Am .
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left  a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars following a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
The SNP leader insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament, even though she is not even standing for election to the Commons. A new opinion poll by TNS puts the SNP on 54 per cent, up two points on two weeks ago, with Labour down two points to 22 per cent. The SNP will emerge as the winners from the general election whatever happens on May 7, Peter Mandelson's firm has warned.
But in 2011, Dr Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck, when Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive. But Trokey was unaware of who he had saved until he went to the hospital, where Dr Shannon spent more than a month recuperating. Firm friends: The two men caught up last Sunday when they both took part in a fundraising event .
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but despite the absence of their Irish designated player - who was sat in the stands alongside David Beckham, the Galaxy were able to find just their second win of a difficult campaign so far. Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season and it proved enough despite the Sounders having plenty of chances to equalise at the StubHub centre. Manager: Bruce Arena.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner for child abuse . Putting the election aside, 11 leading figures said that Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was ‘damaging public confidence’ in the justice system with her ruling. Case: The CPS has decided not to prosecute Lord Janner over alleged child sex offences but 19 others with dementia have been pursued in recent years .
When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it. But, given that the emoji could potentially be tagged onto images that contain nudity, it is likely the app is restricting its use under its community guidelines.
Henyekane's club, Free State Stars, said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash. Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared. It is popular at football matches and often performed at funerals. The decline of working class jobs: Miners used to have whistling choirs when they travelled to and from work .
Police revealed it was not the first time the gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns at the park, where the mother of his child works in a restaurant. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time. Four visitors witnessed the suicide, he said.
The former personal chef to the Queen has revealed some of her favourite foods. From Special K to venison, chocolate cake and jam sandwiches . According to the Queen’s former personal chef, Her Majesty is a woman of simple tastes.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato, in central Mexico, believing she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. The results confirmed that Alondra is not the daughter of the Houston woman. "They stole my child."
A Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at  Ataturk Airport today after its engine caught fire. Our 97 passengers on board have been safely taken to terminal.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of East Hampton. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail. The woman, a then-20-year-old Irish student said that once at the house, Lee undressed, forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor.
'Rascal': A new satire puppet show sees Prince George 'blinged-up' with a tattoo, addressing a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle.
Harrowing: The actress' daughter Jessica Orcsik explained her memories of finding her mother and calling an ambulance . From cop to cleaning queen: Cop Shop actress Paula Duncan is also famous for Ajax Spray'n'Wipe ad .
Florent Malouda picked Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI . RIGHT BACK: DAVID LUIZ . CENTRE BACK: JOHN TERRY . STRIKER: THIERRY HENRY . STRIKER: DIDIER DROGBA .
In the letter, Stroud admitted that he was to blame for mistakenly putting Ford behind bars for the fatal shooting of a jeweler, despite no murder weapon or witnesses placing him at the scene. I was not as interested in justice as I was in winning.' Regrets: A.M. 'Marty' Stroud III, pictured, wrote a lengthy apology letter to Ford last month that was published in a local newspaper. With the help of a non-profit group, Resurrection After Exoneration, he had a place to live free of charge and has since moved to his own apartment. He has also visited California to see his four sons.
After hearing positive stories about the benefits of using the controversial treatment, the 32-year-old Cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. Since the excruciating decision was made to ban the father from seeing his dying daughter, he has set up a campaign to raise awareness of his situation.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year-old in a critical condition. An 18-year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.
'I would sit in church and always wonder, "In God’s eyes, how does he see me?"' he said.
The England international returned from injury to captain the Arsenal’s U21 side against Reading in the top-of-the-table clash. Wilshere will be hoping to feature in the FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading later this month.
A Russian-Ukrainian film about a legendary Soviet sniper nicknamed 'Lady Death' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other. And despite the freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev. Heroine: Pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during battles in Odessa and the strategic city of Sevastopol on Ukraine's Crimea peninsula during World War Two .
Appearing at Newtown court, in Sydney's inner west, on Thursday, she said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the McDonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet. 38-year-old Amy Johnson faces two assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage McDonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face . She stayed silent through Thursday's court proceedings and has not yet entered a plea.
The game, which dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . A two-up participant mourns after losing a two-up bet on Anzac Day . Versions vary between the original two-coined game (with three outcomes) and three-coined version (with two outcomes) Crowds at the Australian Hotel Rocks were some of hundreds to play two-up on Saturday . The kip is a small piece of wood which pennies are placed on before they are thrown into the air for punters to bet on .
(CNN)Sunday's announcement that Corinthian Colleges Inc. would shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses is a positive development in a long struggle to hold for-profit colleges accountable. Any student not gainfully employed or transferred to a reputable college within three years should be considered a victim, and their debts should be forgiven.
This comes after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. The revelation follows after police discovered the charred remains of a woman's body around 5pm on Friday after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by  Stanford's family. The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday, when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher.
The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining, knowing that time is running out to save themselves. Esteban Cambiasso says that helping keep Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy .
The Immerse virtual reality headset (pictured) is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45). It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie . The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm), which means it will work with the iPhone 6, but not the iPhone 6 Plus, for example. Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift, which is expected to launch a consumer version 'soon' with prices ranging from between $200 (£135) and $400 (£270).
Spurs are sixth in the Barclays Premier League, which would bring European qualification, but there has been talk in the past that Europe's second-tier competition does them more harm than good. Christian Eriksen has warned Tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on Europe . Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying for the much-maligned Europa League outweigh the negatives .
Two African-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- were elected to the Ferguson City Council on Tuesday, meaning three of the six council members are black. This was the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown last August.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it. He has said she can come back as long as she says sorry - but the 81-year-old has denied hitting him and claimed the ban has devastated her because the cove is 'my whole life'.
The video emerged  just days after the England regular, 20, was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe said to be as strong as 200 cigarettes. It comes amid rumours the star is unsettled at Liverpool and recently turned down a £100,000-a-week deal.
Porto earned an impressive 3-1 Champions League first leg victory against Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday night . Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brings down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty . MOM: Quaresma . Thiago Alcantara pulled his side back into the game after a prolonged spell of pressure paid off for Guardiola's side . Martinez celebrates putting Porto into a commanding 3-1 lead as Bayern have a night to forget in Portugal .
(CNN)A New York City detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid, according to police spokesman Stephen Davis.
Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. The attacks stem from a perception that immigrants are taking jobs at the expense of South Africans in a country with high unemployment. Dying: Witnesses took Mr Sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township .
More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead. There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority. Some 70 per cent of seats in the East of England are considered safe, compared to 10 per cent in Scotland, where the SNP is expected to make sweeping gains .
Jockey Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday. The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase but Coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. After the birth of their third child, the couple will have become a family of three in seven months .
Surgeon Sergio Canavero, who has no problem with anyone branding him Dr Frankenstein, also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life. Nevertheless severely disabled Valery Spiridonov, 30, a sufferer of Werdnig-Hoffman disease, has volunteered to be a guinea pig, knowing the risks. Dr Canavero giving a presentation on his plans.
A series of images showing the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the Ebola virus as it tore through West African communities has taken the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night, where Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.
Green had to have open heart surgery. He missed the entire 2011-2012 season.
Lazio, lead by Miroslav Klose and Felipe Anderson, have won eight games in a row in Serie A . Lazio face Massimiliano Allegri's (pictured) Juventus, and will cut the gap to nine points with victory . Both Inter and AC Milan are struggling for form ahead of this weekend's derby match .
But Hull boss Steve Bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers. Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed owner Allam has reapplied to change the name of his side .
A 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal on Thursday morning . The 4WD, which was completely destroyed in the fire, was surrounded by other cars at the terminal.
Fabio Borini enjoys a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday . Fabio Borini came on as a second-half substitute during Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday .
Blackburn Rovers boss Gary Bowyer has challenged star striker Jordan Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero as the Championship underdogs face Liverpool in the first full house at Ewood Park since 2011.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. The police were called, but all of the women who were involved had fled by the time the cops arrived. An investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer, and on April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight. I was a survivor. I LOVED my life.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses, doctors have warned . Scientists have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .
On Thursday night's "Grey's Anatomy," Dr. Derek Shepherd -- the hunky character played by Patrick Dempsey -- died.
During frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free Sonit, but without specialist equipment it was impossible. He said: 'The baby was saved by a cupboard. My son was safe with the cupboard protecting him.' God has blessed him.' Scroll down for video .
Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in Al-Arish, capital of North Sinai, Health Ministry spokesman Hossam Abdel-Ghafar told Ahram Online. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed.
Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young Aston Villa fan Charlie Pye on Friday . Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked but was pipped to the post by Sherwood .
In line with EU regulations, the first line of treatment for organic fish should be 'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution', before . British and Norwegian vets have called the directives 'scientifically illiterate', saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to 'serious animal health and welfare detriment.'
Not so sunny: Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, are spotted on their annual Easter trip to the island of island of Ischia, near Naples . Healthy holiday: The German Chancellor has reportedly hired a private Pilates instructor and enjoying vegetarian meals at the five-star hotel where she stays .
Rory McIlroy’s official coronation will come at Augusta National on Sunday if he wins the Masters to complete the career Grand Slam and consign the Tiger Woods era to the history books. Practice form and rededication to the game are promising signs. That is the perfect recipe for a Masters champion. Jason Day has a brilliant record at Augusta and the final step left for the Australian to take is victory . Course: Augusta National Golf Club, par 72, 7435 yards. Defending champion: Bubba Watson (11-1) Bookies’ favourite: Rory McIlroy (6-1) Best Bets: .
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston Villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals QPR. Fabian Delph 7 . Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key to Chris Ramsey's side . Charlie Austin scores QPR's third goal against Aston Villa and his 17th of the Premier League campaign .
Reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson admits he must 'improve as a man' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the PGA Tour. An ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics, including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park. I take it with pride.
And now a gallery in London has put a selection on display for the public. And while some may find the notion of handwritten notes quaint, as social media and smartphones begin to replace handwriting, Bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people's lives.
Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke City on Saturday following a tiring international break . But the Chelsea manager, who also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury, will not take his wing wizard out of the firing line against the Potters.
Officially it's known as a 'forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike' but unofficially it's the 'firework' and Tom Daley hopes it's the dive that turns London bronze into Rio gold. It was painstaking and detailed work but the dive finally got its premiere at the British Championships and was part of Daley's repertoire when he won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai. But Daley's key ambition for the season in this summer's World Championships in Kazan.
Desperate father Chen Yuntao, 38, has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p. Little Minghao, nine, has been in and out of hospital for treatment since 2011.
The posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages. Staying home: The student is keeping her distance from Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California .
Harsh punishment: Police say their mother of the three girls an a boy locked them in this basement for 15 hours without access to food or bathroom . A family friend told NBC10 the mother locked her kids in the basement because one of them stole money.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension, batting seventh and serving as designated hitter. Yet A-Rod received a warm welcome on his comeback, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly. It also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families. The researchers found Facebook remains the dominant social media network for young Americans despite the rise of new platforms.
Sam Bennett reveals his injuries to his shoulder and back after crashing at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic . The 24-year-old Bora-Argon 18 rider was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the race . Team Sky's Bradley Wiggins was riding in the race but managed to avoid the pile-up .
(CNN)ESPN's Britt McHenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia. We do. Poor thing actually believes she was hired for 'brains' and 'education'? Sorry to break it to you, but these days, we're all bullies.
A Utah man was shocked to discover that his 'informal meeting' with a federal official to discuss veterans was actually with President Barack Obama. 'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman, referring his dress uniform.
(CNN)On October 31, 2014, the Italian government announced the end of "Mare Nostrum" -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to seek security and a new life in Europe. Italy -- the European state whose territory is closest to Libya -- has borne the brunt of the task of picking up, sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants.
Scroll down for video . Scout Willis is also more than happy to show off her armpit hair on the red carpet and in her social media snaps. We are not all made the same way!’ Madonna, Pixie Lott, Juliette Lewis and Julia Roberts have all famously tried the carefree look, too.
Rafael Nadal beat Spanish compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round . World No 4 swept past Almagro on Wednesday as looks for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court .
Yann Kermorgant fires Bournemouth into the lead with sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . In doing so they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen . Helinski walked into a Bank of America branch in Tampa Bay and discovered an old, forgotten account with enough social security benefits in it to buy a new house .
HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their ‘distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘unfair application of its age policy’, and was told to reconsider their loan application. Bosses at the bank defended their decision and argued it was ‘entitled to apply a maximum age policy’, according to ombudsman documents seen by the newspaper.
Marcelo Bosch kicks the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 . Chris Ashton (left) of Saracens is tackled by Juan Imhoff of Racing Metro in the quarter-final clash .
Rafael Nadal was dumped out of the Barcelona Open after losing to Italian Fabio Fognini in the third round . 'It's a very sad day for me. Spaniard Nadal has just one title to his name since winning his 10th French Open in June last year .
The man who spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family has written an enlightening account of his time with the Manchester United chiefs. • The 'Red Knights' who supposedly launched a buyout were never serious suitors . • Trusted manager Sir Alex Ferguson regularly invited the family into his dressing room . Nayani claims that the Glazers did not sell Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid without Ferguson's approval . Malcolm Glazer, pictured in 2003, left his sons to complete the takeover, according to Nayani .
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby. And during the recent flyby, the spacecraft started to mistake comet debris for stars, causing it to lose sight of Earth.
Instead, they left Phillip, his wife Gaby and their two young children, Orion and Aurielle, in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with £17,000 of their money. As a result, rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse . The family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs . Meanwhile, the sub contractor began work on their loft conversion after asking for £7,000 for materials and labour.
As the manhunt continues, Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him. Escaped: The 23-year-old Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21 (right), when authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV . Wanted: A $1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor's capture .
Police arrested Truong's sister Alyssa Chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old Ronnie Tran and his mother, with the child's grandmother, 65-year-old Vien Nguyen. He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night . He then called police, and they picked up the boy (above). Nguyen later turned herself into police and was questioned for several hours.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
The filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests. The show will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there.
Unhealthy: French MPs have voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to £7,000 weeks after rejecting  a ban on super-skinny models . He also proposed a new law that punish the 'glorification of anorexia', especially online.
The Wolf Hall star told The Sunday Times Magazine: 'The redhead stock is very high at the moment. For others, the love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts and hair salons thanks to the fiery females in Game of Thrones.
But after a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment, her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she says she now hopes to move. Traumatic: Theodosia Aresti was left devastated when her flat became flooded with raw sewage . Damage: Mrs Aresti's bedroom carpet was soaked in sewage and had to be replaced afterwards . Although Mrs Aresti's carpet has now been replaced and her flat fumigated, she says the experience has left her desperate to find a new home.
To hear Leigh Griffiths tell it, the intervention staged by Celtic boss Ronny Deila and assistant John Collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back. ‘I’ve played in two semi-finals at Hampden and I have won two,’ he points out.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone' during their romantic trip to Puerto Rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast, the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped Holden Commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck.
Excitement: 26-year-old Lane Smith, pictured with his girlfriend in the couple's pregnancy announcement, died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014. His son was born just a few weeks later . So Rene created the photo that has since been shared thousands of times online. 'This is how I picture us. Taos and I living our lives the best we can with Lane ALWAYS watching over our shoulder.'
Barcelona star duo Luis Suarez (right) and Lionel Messi embrace as Barcelona take a seven-point lead in La Liga . The Barcelona No 10 loses his markers in the Almeria penalty area before finishing with a trademark curled strike . Suarez followed Messi's lead by scoring a similar left-footed strike to double the Catalans lead with the first of his two goals . Barcelona defender Marc Bartra stuffs the ball under his shirt after netting a third with a headed goal on 75minutes . Suarez wheels away after tapping in his second from close range in injury time to complete the 4-0 rout .
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’, in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a 'regular' girl by altering her appearance. 'I was a bona fide weirdo in high school,' she wrote. (Still is.)
The shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon's party to dictate a deal at England's expense. Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP but has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
On a visit to the Scottish town of Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse . Visitors to Dornoch, pictured, have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir - as its being demolished .
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield. The video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities .
As the aircraft taxied on the runway at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel, bound for Luton, Sarina Aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents’ lap. Mark Aziz, pictured right, spoke with airline staff outside the aircraft before his family was removed . ‘All we were doing was asking the cabin crew what we can do, and asking for help,’ he added.
Captured on CCTV cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool, the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool. On February 7, a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area of the pool.
Tomas Berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the Miami Open, the man Murray met — and eventually beat — at the same stage of the Australian Open in January. Fitness trainer Jez Green (left) and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray to join Tomas Berdych's team .
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook. There was a player for all 18 counties present at the launch on Thursday .
Manchester United have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at Everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go. Daley Blind is a poverty-stricken pauper's version of Carrick in that position. And if Louis van Gaal is raiding Dortmund he might as well sign Armenia's finest Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Manchester United look far more vulnerable without Michael Carrick in their midfield .
Stoke City are challenging West Ham for Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang. Chief executive Tony Scholes was understood to be in the stands as Sampdoria played out a 1-1 draw with Verona on Wednesday night.
England’s head coach Roy Hodgson has confirmed that Kane, 21, will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham’s post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia. Harry Kane, in action for England against Italy, will play for the U21s at this year's European Championships .
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones. However, when they sought help from the principal and Clatskanie District police chief, they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February, raising speculation he could leave . April 18 Manchester United (H) April 26 Arsenal (A) April 29 Leicester City (A) May 3 Crystal Palace (H) May 10 Liverpool (H) May 18 West Bromwich Albion (A) May 24 Sunderland (H) 'Chelsea is one of the best clubs in the world, so I don't see why I would think of leaving.
Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from Blue Bell products, the CDC said Tuesday. "We are heartbroken about this situation and apologize to all of our loyal Blue Bell fans and customers."
The genetically-blessed model proves she's a chip off the old block in an edgy new beauty shoot for Rodial. So how does she achieve that flawless look? As well as starring in beauty campaigns, Daisy has been busy partying at Coachella festival with her famous friends.
Work has started on repairing the roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days. Pringle says upcoming races will not be affected.
Linda and George Hunter, who raised their four children in their home in Garrick Street, Wavertree, Liverpool, became mortgage free around 15 years ago. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council.
(CNN)Justice may be blind, but it's easy to see that Marvel's "Daredevil" is already a hit with fans. the Kingpin.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's (seated above in wig) new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday . The film stars Sandler (left), Taylor Lautner (right), Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi . Blake Shelton (above with Whitney Cummings) has a small role in the film . 'It is a broad satire of Western movies and the stereotypes they popularized, featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of - but in on - the joke.'
Portsmouth Crown Court, pictured, heard Mr Warren paid Davis £30-a-week to help him around the house . Her three children will be looked after by her family and she will be released on licence after six months.
For the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School and was the school's head basketball coach. Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani (left) is a target for Juventus according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport . United appear to have an advantage over Juventus in their pursuit of Cavani after the player's agent, Claudio Anelucci, admitted that a move to England or Spain was most likely.
Lee walked hand in hand with his wife Alicia into New York Suffolk County Court on Wednesday . Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013 . He used her to get it.' The court was told that Lee and his friend Rene Duncan met the victim and her friends at the trendy Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott on August, 19 2013. 'Her brother was upset and said: "What's happened to my sister? He was eventually found in a Range Rover parked in the driveway which had tinted windows 'curled up in the fetal position', Miss Kelly said. The trial continues.
(CNN)They come from more than 20 countries, drawn to Libya as the funnel to Europe. Along the way they must cross deserts and mountains, risk kidnap or robbery, are often cheated or left stranded. Why migrants are risking their lives to reach Italy .
Glitter, now 70, real name Paul Francis Gadd, had sex or sexual activity with N three times in September and October 2005. He arrogantly paid her £9 after each time. He paid the victims' families £1,300 compensation each to cheat the death sentence for his crimes . Victims N and D posed for photos on the day their abuser Glitter was released from his three-year jail term in 2008 . Should I take her to a doctor? She doesn't talk to her brother or sister.
Liverpool vs Arsenal has produced the most hat-tricks in a single fixture in Premier League history. Robbie Fowler . Thierry Henry . Peter Crouch . Andrey Arshavin .
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in Denmark on Thursday. The Tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of Aabenraa.
Talented: Jonah Willow aged 12, who drew a chess match with a Russian grandmaster four times his age . He has already represented England at junior events .
The warning by British Transport Police (BTP) Chief Constable Paul Crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem, which has come under scrutiny in recent months following a number of high-profile incidents.
Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Barclays Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian as they look to reshape their squad after a disappointing season. Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make him available this summer . Inter Milan, managed by Roberto Mancini, are interested but given his huge wages there are some doubts . City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo this summer .
Oxford scored for West Ham's under 21 team in their 3-2 defeat to Manchester United on Tuesday night .
The boastful 37-year-old hotelier, who has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth, paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29, that runs pure chocolate milk. The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories. The chocolate bath is now available to buy and prices start from £10,000.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday, happily snapping pictures of the stalls with his Amazon phone and a camera.
It targets cancer cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow . The combination therapy, tested in mice and samples of tissue from secondary breast cancer patients, combines Sulforadex with standard hormonal treatments.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday. In 2002, Skaf was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. Skaf was aged 18 at the time of his rapes and is not eligible for parole until February 11, 2033.
Toxicology results released Monday show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad (pictured) had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month . Linden Officer Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez were killed; Abad and Officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured.
Burger, who will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday, had been cited by the match commissioner for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris. The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban for the offence but will be available to face Clermont .
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! With no airport, most people fly to Skiathos, followed by an hour's ferry ride. Arriving in Skopelos is special. We opted for a villa.
Documents released by the American whistleblower allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. Britain struck oil in the Falklands last week, a discovery likely to escalate tensions with Argentina. Argentine President Cristina Fernandez condemned the move and said Britain should spend more helping its own poor instead.
The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the Andaman Sea in Krabi province. More rescue staff and divers, including personnel from Third Naval Area Command, will join the search for the missing girl tomorrow.
The ‘extremely rich’ German, who is part Taiwanese, was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the National Museum of Modern Art in Paris, according to sources close to the case.
Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home. Less than four hours later, a resident called police and said the car was parked in their neighborhood.
Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons, and Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for him .
Fernando Torres has played with some great players over the years but the on-loan Atletico Madrid striker regards Steven Gerrard as the best. The 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club and has only scored four goals for Atletico .
On Saturday, Rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface. The European Space Agency also recently released a trove of images captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P/ Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. The ship departed Tampa, Florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of English voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. It’s a mess”.’ She also suggested that David Cameron had been ‘not unhelpful’ to the SNP by gaining the party greater publicity. Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern British politics, winning as many as 50 of Scotland’s 59 Commons seats.
Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South. Rangers had recently secured victories over Scottish Championship rivals Hearts and Hibernian .
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat David Alderson and left him to drown, before using his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns. Killed: David Alderson was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in January last year . It was at first thought that he had a cycling accident.
Liam Stewart, the son of rock star Rod Stewart and model Rachel Hunter, plays for the Spokane Chiefs . Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain ice hockey debut at the World Championships .
The stunning shots make up the short-list for the Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014, which was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis. Children enjoy a game of cricket while their parents forage nearby on a rubbish tip in Dhaka, Bangladesh in an image by Abu Taher Khokon .
Hitting the big time: Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27 were interview on The Ellen Show . Viral: The girls rose to fame for their YouTube videos which see them miming to songs in their car . Sensations: SketchShe's videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media .
Sexual predator Henri Morris was told he would serve 10 years behind bars for his 'calculated and choreographed' crime. The 67-year-old was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012. MarriedMorris of Houston, Texas, was the president of Edible Software Solutions .
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium - there is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants .
Aspiring model Leonie Granger (left) has been jailed for 16 years at the Old Bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler Mehmet Hassan (right) who she lured at a casino . They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Sentencing, Judge William Kennedy described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked', adding: 'It was quite simply an act of brutality which defies reason and compassion.' Granger (left) helped Kyrron Jackson (centre) and Nicholas Chandler (right) rob and kill gambler Mr Hassan .
Within minutes of liftoff, the California company  was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform. The Falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300lb (1,950 kg) of food, clothing and science experiments to the ISS - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts. The delivery of food and equipment will arrive Friday .
(CNN)Barney Frank, to say the least, knows his way around politics. It seems clear that even if Cruz doesn't capture the GOP nomination, whoever does will undoubtedly make some concessions to appease LGBT rights backlash currently underway in conservative states. If that holds true in 2016, "winning" is going to feel very strange. And Ben Carson said jail turns people gay, so there's that. (He later apologized) Gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly, but the trend on the state level tells a different story.
Diyas, the 11th seed from Kazakhstan, won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3. Heather Watson crashed out in Charleston after a narrow victory to Donna Vekic .
During one sidebar Bradley stared directly at Hernandez, who refused to make eye contact . Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's (above) former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye . Prosecutors have contended the February incident is relevant to the Lloyd murder since it shows that Hernandez had no trouble shooting his friends. Meanwhile, Hernandez’s lawyer James Sultan has implied he only plans on calling one witness when they begin their case on Monday.
The captain slowed the boat to a crawl so the remaining miles would stretch until daybreak. The Harbor-Master asked if we could take 60 refugees. Thousands more are still waiting back in Yemen, hoping they too will reach a safe port.
But any reign for the New York Wheel would be brief, as Dubai started construction a few days ago on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night, in addition to alternative energy sources.
The young teen was reported to be surfing in an area deemed out of bounds by officials due to the high risk of sharks. Always swim in a group. Don't enter the water if bleeding. 'Playing dead' does not work. Of the 72 incidents of unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year, there were three fatalities .
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects .
The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath. Without an income, Stacy Maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. And the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen. A fundraising page was set up to help the struggling family on mycause , so far raising more than $18,000 .
On May 23, 2010, bride-to-be Rachelle Friedman was pushed into a pool. Moving: Rachelle Friedman Chapman and her husband Chris (together in the background) are days from becoming parents as their surrogate and college friend Laurel Humes (foreground) reaches her due date . Half a decade's difference: Rachelle and Chris pictured (left) before she fell into a pool on during her bachelorette party.
Revenge: Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson jumped on the revelations Jarret Stoll (right) was arrested in a drugs bust last week by tweeting to Erin Andrews: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend.' He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test. His reaction came two years after the TV reporter said: 'He mocking anyone now?'
Unblinking eyes stare from decapitated heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in what looks like a little shop of horrors. The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants, Federico Squatriti, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
The Danish ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people. The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael .
The highway heist occurred on March 1 in Wilson County, almost halfway into the truck's journey from Miami to Boston. Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company TransValue - pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board 'felt sick'. TransValue, which specializes in transporting valuable goods and money between financial centers, keeps goods they move insured for up to $100 million.
A retired major general is among 1,000 British service personnel requiring psychiatric treatment after taking an anti-malarial drug issued by the Ministry of Defence. Major-General Alastair Duncan (pictured) is currently in a psychiatric unit after having been given the drug prior to a deployment in Sierra Leone .
Raheem Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract according to Harry Redknapp . Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .
Chris Smalling (left) signs his new Manchester United contract alongside club boss Louis van Gaal . Van Gaal said: ‘I am delighted he has signed a new contract. The 25-year-old has become a regular for Van Gaal after struggling for a first time place earlier this season .
The world's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country's largest universities in order to tap into 'the abundant donor opportunities'. By comparison, the new site in Orlando is located just yards from the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, roughly 23,000 of whom are male.
Exactly 19 years ago on Wednesday, Kathy Bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention. All grown up, Kathy's now 27-year-old daughter Jennifer spoke out for the first time on the anniversary, saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused. After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison. Growing up in the foster care isn’t an easy task. Jennifer Bush .
Manuel Pellegrini says the academy players at Manchester City are not ready for the first team . City’s current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs and it could be further depleted if James Milner, who wants guarantees of more regular first-team football, opts to leave.
The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center. "Baltimore is a tinderbox.
However, the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter, as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives. Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films, and reality using the hashtag #realisticYA. Real life would perhaps be very different .
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood kept faith with Jack Grealish, the 19-year-old academy graduate, after handing him his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers a fortnight ago. Grealish was noticeable for having his socks rolled down, and wears children's shin-pads .
RSPCA South Australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September . The pet owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats .
Hamilton was over half-a-second clear of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in opening practice . Sebastian Vettel Ferrari 1:40.157 . Jenson Button McLaren 1:41.845 . Fernando Alonso McLaren 1:42.161 .
Guilty: Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. Prosecutors said Stephen Delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney, 56, died in 2013. Quick: It took a jury just an hour to come to the decision to convict Monica of murder. On Monday, a cellmate of Monica's testified the defendant signed a birthday card in jail with this phrase: 'from the sweetest murderer in Jackson County.' Monica said she signed the card in accordance with the charges she was facing, KDRV-TV reported.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. The unamused judge added an extra 30 days onto Irons' detention .
But followers of Gold Coast training queen Ashy Bines were shocked to receive an email on Saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $US49,500 per year. Ms Bines on Monday apologised to her 'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that, or $4,950.
Trials: Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue . Serum: Say tests carried out on pregnant mice suggested they 'got youth serum injection' from babies .
The Monroe County Sheriff's Office confirmed on Saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of Chelsea Bruck. She was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in Ash Township . The Poison Ivy costume was found about ten miles away at an industrial site near Flat Rock earlier this month.
Hagrid the lamb (right) is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK, measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25lbs . The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire where he was born .
Kumar Sangakkara plays a shot during Sri Lanka's quarter final defeat at the World Cup . Sri Lanka sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision .
The Health Secretary promised a crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected . People are right to be concerned about the best use of public money.’ Labour health spokesman Andy Burnham has also vowed that a Labour government would investigate the Mail’s evidence. Former Commons public accounts committee chairman Margaret Hodge, who investigated tax avoidance by public officials three years ago, said NHS trusts should be ‘hauled’ before MPs to be held to account.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana . The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again. There were more than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014, up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. But Mrs Talaat said she did not know what all the fuss was about, Gulf News reported.
Two gunmen have assassinated prominent Pakistani women's rights activist Sabeen Mahmud by pulling up next to her vehicle at a traffic light and spraying it with bullets. A Pakistani cameraman films her car hours after she was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle .
And convened, and convened, and convened, as time dragged on and dinner was served late. Then, to up the ante on his time at the podium, he welcomed his "anger translator" -- a recurring character played by Keegan-Michael Key on Comedy Central's "Key & Peele." From there, the crowd seemed as tough as advertised, with "oohs" often as loud as laughter, as Strong went from one target to another. And I was already home.
Lionel Messi posted a picture on his Instagram account of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son . Messi and Roccuzzo’s first son, Thiago, was born in November 2012 and the Barcelona superstar has his handprints tattooed on his calf.
The celebrations continue on the pitch as Inverness rejoice in reaching the William Hill Scottish Cup final . The Caley defender hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against Falkirk .
Jonny Howson made a triumphant return to Elland Road to nudge Norwich one step closer to the Premier League. Graham Dorrans (right) sealed the tie with a late goal and made up for his late penalty miss . Dorrans (centre) smashed a first half penalty against the crossbar but later spared his blushes . Luke Murphy (left) attempts to tackle Nathan Redmond during the first half in the Championship clash .
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 properties over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed. They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary.
Paris Saint-Germain ace Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss his side's matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes . Ibrahimovic, who later said he was sorry after the French sports minister asked him to apologise, is available for Saturday's League Cup final against Bastia as his suspension only starts next week.
John Carver spoke to the media after taking a training session with his Newcastle United squad on Thursday . Last week, Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a bust-up that caused the player to be left out of the squad . Carver says that he and Gutierrez have shaken hands 'like two grown men' and moved on from the incident .
Heavy drinking males: Scientists at Sheffield University have identified six different types of obese person (file image) There are six different types of obese person, scientists have today revealed. The distinction, they hope, will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight. The 'physically sick but happy elderly' group had a higher prevalence of chronic health conditions -including osteoarthritis, diabetes and high blood pressure - but exhibited low levels of anxiety and depression. Those with the poorest health: This group was found to be the most deprived, and had the highest prevalence of  chronic health conditions.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program, and said he's 'honored and excited' by the new job. Schieffer, who has worked for CBS since 1969, revealed he was stepping down last Wednesday.
The sister of a hairdresser who was stabbed to death with a pair of scissors, has revealed Leila Alavi was on a desperate mission to find a women's refuge to escape her estranged husband. Apprentice hairdresser Leila Alavi was working when she reportedly received a phone call and left . Police are investigating the death of a 26-year-old woman after she was found 'stabbed to death' in her car .
Now one of the earliest 'Televisors' – dating from a time when few could see any possible use for the machine – is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction. The poor quality picture was tiny – little bigger than a postage stamp – and it was impossible for more than one person to see it at a time.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs. In antiquity epilepsy was referred to as the 'sacred disease' among the Greeks.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony . The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads . Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy, among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition. This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years .
Dr Milton Wainwright (right) claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are 'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' Dr Wainwright's research has been widely criticised by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence.
Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years. Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone, with FFA claiming the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players. Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons . FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
German ace Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp, however the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar could not tempt him away from the Stadio Artemio Franchi. The striker joined Fiorentina in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
A 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday. Declaring herself 'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty admired the poems, which were written by the Shah of Persia himself, and quipped: 'You don't get gifts like that any more!' Other papers include an essay written by George III on the relationship between the monarch and parliament and notes from Queen Charlotte to her children's governess.
The employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to ‘exploitation’. Ed Miliband was left embarrassed today after Labour's biggest backer was accused of employing workers on zero-hours contracts .
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season . Sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot.
Stars such as Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian Restaurant. Martin Demichelis (left) and his wife Evangelina Anderson greet City defender Pablo Zabaleta . United's No 2 goalkeeper Victor Valdes was also in attendance along with his partner Yolanda Cardona .
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge . My particular favourite is three-time Masters champ Phil Mickelson at 25-1. A steal.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has said that sometimes it can be 'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die, as he spoke out today in support of assisted dying . While Sir Bruce (left) separated from Ms Calvert (right) in 1973, the two remained in contact, and he helped to secretly nurse her after she was taken into a home in 2008, until she died last year .
Mark Lippert suffered a deep facial gash and stab wound to his wrist after being attacked by a knife-wielding pro-North Korean activist during a breakfast forum in Seoul last week.
Aaron Cruden is almost certain to miss the World Cup after scans revealed the need for knee surgery . The knee surgery will rule him out of action for at least six weeks, meaning he will miss the World Cup .
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are, by all accounts, causing quite a stir. What's more, as advertising campaigns go, it is incredibly cheap: for as little as $6, or £4, they promise to get your message across in a way which is certain to grab attention.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, largely due to rising rates among women, according to the study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington, published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health. The increases are driven largely by women's drinking habits as social norms change, researchers found. As a result of changed social norms, it's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have, said Tom Greenfield, scientific director at the Alcohol Research Group at the Oakland, Calif.-based Public Health Institute.
He accused the former US spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities. After Mr Snowden, 31, revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents, he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum.
He was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him. He was released in March 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom . But for that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event. ASIO has officially declared Abu Sayyaf as a terrorist organisation.
A doctor has told the inquest into the death of a young boy who apparently died from injuries sustained while paddle boarding, that the child had been 'caned or whipped' before he died. Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. When he died he had bruising on his ears, temple and limbs and traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system. After informing Ms Rae-Maxwell Darcy had bumped his head, Mr Taylor allegedly sent her a photo of the boy. But she repeatedly denied receiving the photo that day and it has never been located by investigators.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with Natural England over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at Durdle Door on Dorset's Jurassic Coast. But in 2009, Natural England was handed responsibility for the country's coastal paths under the Coastal Access Act.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in Driffield, East Yorkshire. The 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated. At Beverley Magistrates Court, Thurlow of Druffield who had pleaded guilty to common assault, was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University . Pietersen has backed former England captain Michael Vaughan (left) to lead England Cricket .
Model couple: Carlos Santolalla, 25, left, and John Tuite, 22, right, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency . Both John and Carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act straight and delete the Instagram account they share, where they often post loving images of themselves kissing and hugging. Soon the pair became well-known on the New York City party scene, getting snapped with celebrities like model Gigi Hadid and Paris Hilton, DJing at trendy clubs, and even curating art shows.
Tony Pulis has admitted that Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool . The teams meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday with Pulis having instilled a solid core to the point Albion have not conceded after scoring first in a game.
Fortunately, the lady in the aisle seat appeared to be lacking any sense of sight, hearing or smell. Besides the occasional blip, raising a child, no matter your age, is a huge pleasure. I think it should be included as an Olympic event for the over-75s. I declared proudly: ‘This is my son Paul — he is 44; this is my son Ben — he is two.’ In fact, the gap between my oldest and youngest daughters is even bigger: 49 years.
SATURDAY . PREMIER LEAGUE . Manchester City vs West Ham United (1.30pm) Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur (4pm) FA CUP SEMI-FINAL . Aston Villa vs Liverpool (3pm)
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now. He shuns the limelight — so unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field. Jimmy, too, knows the way he wants to do things and doesn’t like to be told to do it any other way.
Vicious: ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington, Virginia . The incident occurred on April 6. Finally, before walking away, McHenry says: 'Lose some weight, baby girl.'
It comes after James May, also in the Top Gear presenting trio, released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life. The film follows Hammond as he takes his dog to Buttermere in the Lake District to learn how to herd sheep . Then bored again.
The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012, signing a 12 month deal. But the Blues legend's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract. However, Drogba, 37, insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at Chelsea or not.
Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the Northern Territory . Northern Territory Police said the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold .
Raheem Sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the Liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide. Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe .
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for Bath on Friday night . Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow .
Jamie Peacock broke his try drought with a double for Leeds in their win over Salford on Sunday .
Billions of jellyfish have appeared in our waters, apparently attracted by the higher sea temperatures. The jellyfish, which can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb, were sighted just off Pendennis Point near Falmouth, Cornwall.
Another goalless draw, this time against Monaco on Wednesday night, was more successful for Turin's Old Lady as they reached the Champions League semi-finals with Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona on the horizon. Juve have endured a tough few years but they are now back were they belong among the elite of Europe . But not at Juventus. Buffon and Carlos Tevez hug on the pitch of the Stade Louis II, and they both have a point to prove . Paul Pogba could be back in time for their semi-final next month and will likely be a key player in any clash .
(CNN)The mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police said Monday. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh called on her younger sister Lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for  fake tan brand, Sunkissed . Speaking to FEMAIL about the new campaign, Lucy said: 'It was really lovely working together. 'I do love my small waist,' she said of her best feature.
'Other people can use their nicknames, inappropriate names, but I can't use my real name,' she told Fox 12. Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies .
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch. There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws. Eighty pocket more than Mr Cameron’s salary of £142,500.
Brock Guzman (above with parents Paul and Suzanne) was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside Monday morning . His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident, with Suzanne being thrown to the ground handcuffed (above) Shortly before this incident, at around 4:45am on Monday, Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something.
The football family has rallied round a Blackpool pensioner sued by the Oyston family for alleged defamatory comments made on his Facebook page. Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship’s basement club, having to pay a staggering £20,000 in damages. Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on a supporters' messageboard on Thursday .
Lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the Colima volcano (above) in Mexico . These blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other. A bolt of volcanic lighting can heat the surrounding air to more than 3,000°C, according to the researchers from the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa.
Graeme McDowell has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor Masters record . McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 - and concedes the long course does not suit his game.
Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go .
Wojciech Szczesny will start in the FA Cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the Poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as Arsenal’s No 1. The Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season . ‘They know the rules,’ said Wenger.
Cruel: Army Major John Jackson (left) and his wife Carolyn (right) are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children. Second trial: The Jacksons first child abuse trial was ruled a mistrial when a prosecutor mentioned the death of one of their sons - a detail that was not supposed to be mentioned in the proceedings. The Jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children. They have only been charged for abusing the foster children .
Ryan Giroux is accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel, killing a man and injuring two women during the incident in March 18 in the suburb of Mesa, and will now stand trial. Giroux is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation, a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the Aryan Brotherhood.
A man has admitted to ripping another man’s scrotum with a metal hook after he thought a concreting job wasn’t up to scratch . Mr Docherty said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment.
Hull boss Steve Bruce has admitted his side need to pull off a couple of 'crazy results' if they are to preserve their Premier League status in a frantic end-of-season run-in. The Tigers head to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games and perching just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for QPR and Leicester.
Tyler Kost, who appeared in court on Monday, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse. The court documents reveal a group Facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to 'teach a lesson' to Kost and referred to the movie 'John Tucker Must Die,' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend.
'I'm chilling in Istanbul,' Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud wrote a high school friend on Facebook. Mohamud, 23, a naturalized American, had . been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United . States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment .
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton issued a pointed defense of her family foundation on Thursday after allegations surfaced that it reaped millions from foreign countries that had issues pending before her mother when she was secretary of state. That we'll be even more transparent. That to eliminate any questions while we're in this time, we won't take new government funding, but that the work will continue as it is.' 'The new revelations reported by the New York Times continue to raise serious questions about Hillary Clinton's judgment and her handling of conflicts of interest surrounding the Clinton Foundation while serving as Secretary of State,' RNC spokeswoman Allison Moore said in a statement.
For an animal on the verge of extinction, the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy. A committee at the conservancy is also looking at various alternative reproduction techniques, including in vitro fertilization.
Javier Hernandez is undroppable on current form, says Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti. The on-loan Manchester United striker made it six goals in eight games as he scored twice in Real's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday night. Hernandez salutes the fans after scoring as Real moved back to within two points of Barcelona at the top .
Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over promotion-chasing Brentford. Along with Lees, goalkeeper Kieren Westwood is among the contenders for the club's Player of the Year award .
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street in an interview with Ant and Dec's 'little' counterparts on Saturday Night Takeaway. The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid - or Little Ant and Dec as they are better known - for the entertainment show to be aired on ITV at 7pm on Saturday.
Neymar will be hoping to show off some of that trickery when Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium for their latest La Liga battle against Sevilla. Barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of the table with fierce rivals Real Madrid lagging behind in second.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday. That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Johnson Wagner watches his putt go by the hole on the second play-off, handing the title to Holmes . Spieth was the first to drop out in the play-offs, after bogeying the first hole to fall out of contention .
Sofia, Bulgaria, offers the best value for Britons this summer when it comes to the cost of common incidentals . In New York City, travellers can expect to pay up to £276.61 for a four-star hotel stay and in-room dining . The Swiss city is also home to the most expensive in-room club sandwich in the study at a whopping £21.73 .
Of 10 Barclays Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30, Spurs have won two - against QPR last August and Arsenal in February - collecting nine points out of a possible 30. Hugo Lloris will stay at Tottenham even if the club fail to qualify for the Champions League, says Pochettino .
Jessica Cleland, from Wallan, Victoria, was 19 when she took her own life on Easter Saturday last year, after receiving Facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her, and that she was a 'f***ing sook'. Following the release of the coroners report, the Cleland's are now campaigning to see cyber bullying taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia.
Bad boob-joke: Simona Trasca, 34, said in an interview that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it, so her plastic surgeon  sued her . Did not see the funny side: Dr Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued her .
In the recording, men can be heard 'yelling and laughing with excitement' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch. The chiefs said that they saw the video and Getzendaner said 'This is some funny s***', the affidavit claims. His department colleagues then reportedly stole his clothes while he was bathing, forcing him to run naked to his car for shorts. The five men thought to have taken part in the act, ranging in age from 19 to 30, were charged Monday with aggravated sexual assault. 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie.
The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. But it is not to everyone’s taste – one neighbour has described it as looking like a ‘down- market mortuary’. The purchase comes after Ms Forbes, 49,  made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat, in Chelsea.
Died last year: Sue Townsend, author of the bestselling Adrian Mole books, left £1,106,163 in her will . Probate records released last week reveal that Ms Townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust, with her second husband Colin Broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries.
Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic 'markers' Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic 'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened, and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning.
Paul Smith has landed one of the toughest fights in boxing after finalising terms to face Andre Ward on June 20. Ward (right) has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013 . Ward's WBA world super-middleweight title will not be on the line when he faces Smith in June .
Elena Udrea, pictured, is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government . Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims during her time as the country's tourism minister that she had accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million. Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation.
The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app's police-tracking function. The Waze app, which operates like a free GPS navigation tool, allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more, so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan . Mr Hall, from Iowa, said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message. Mr Hall said Evan believed the tooth fairy was from Down Under, so the U.S. father had to enlist the help of an Australian to compose the message. 'The only problem was that last time he lost a tooth, the tooth fairy showed up a day late... so I told him his tooth fairy had to travel from Australia, and sometimes that can take a while,' he said. Mr Pyrotek, also known as thesuperevilclown, is a father-of-three who wanted to brighten a little boy's day .
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket . Surrey chief Alec Stewart, another former England captain who has indicated he would be open to talks with the ECB, is a confirmed Pietersen supporter - but another possible applicant, Andrew Strauss, is unlikely to be as effusive.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily, according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico. On Monday, European Union ministers met in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis.
Winemakers have been accused of fighting new EU regulations on revealing the calorie count on their labels because it will reveal that a bottle of red has the same as six digestives. Fighting back: Winemakers say that introducing nutritional labelling would mean annual tests to extablish calories of each vintage, leading  to a rise in production costs that would mainly hit smaller vineyards .
Frank Ernest Sherpherd, III (above) was shot dead by police after leading them on a 20 minute high-speed chase . The chase ended when Shepherd crashed into another car (above) and after reaching into his backseat was shot by two officers . No weapons were found in the car and it is not known what Shepherd was reaching for .
Tim Sherwood has confirmed he will start Shay Given against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday, a day before the Irishman turns 39. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets .
The war had helped define Khomeini's regime, the Islamic Republic, which he had founded a year before Saddam Hussein invaded Iran. Whether Khamenei is seriously ill or not, many believe that because of his advanced age, he needs to put the country on a straight path before his death.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season by netting opener . Saul Niguez doubled Atletico's lead in the 39th minute to ensure his side leapfrogged Valencia .
Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments. But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012. Escape: Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows Walter Scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by Officer Michael Sager.
A patient is being treated for suspected rabies in a Northern Ireland hospital. The Public Health Agency (PHA) confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. In the UK, the viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system has been largely eliminated from the animal population.
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with the disease in July 2012 and underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel. In desperation, he tried cannabis oil, which he now credits with his recovery . Mr Hibbitt was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer after initially being told he was suffering from piles.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany, after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom. On the mend: Although Simba was 'traumatised' by his experience, he is quickly recovering and has put back on 300 grammes .
The 43-year-old rhino - who could live until his 50s - is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves. Simor Irungu, one of the rangers who guards Sudan, says the team regularly risk their lives to keep him safe. High value: The price of ivory is now said to be between £40,000 and £47,000 a kilo . So the team at  Ol Pejeta is hoping to raise the money through crowd funding.
They claim the seals - many of which are just a few weeks old - are shot, clubbed and skinned for their fur despite a decreasing global demand for them. The former Beatle said: 'Canada's brutal commercial seal hunt has begun, and once again thousands of baby seals will be shot and bludgeoned to make fur products that nobody wants or needs. In recent years, Newfoundland's government has reportedly dished out £6million in subsidies to seal processing plants to 'prop up the dying industry' - and announced a further £1.3million earlier this month.
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual. But the Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates. But the Australian Unions has claimed workers are being subjected to a false and misleading campaign about penalty rates by employer groups in the lead up to Easter.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal on Sunday . A sixth successive Premier League victory that cements United in third place owes much to the revival of Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata and the progress being made by Chris Smalling and Phil Jones.
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) that can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 – a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
A waiter mixes things up at the cocktail bar at Ferme de Montagne in France . Les Gets is well placed in the giant Portes du Soleil area, which has 400 miles of groomed pistes, linked by 14 ski stations across the French/Swiss border.
The Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. The Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online. The Liberal Democrat leader committed to using £250million from the sale of NHS assets deemed to be redundant to fund the use of technology in a drive to create a 'paperless health service' in England.
Gao Yu, 71, has been jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners' in the shape of a government document warning against the 'dangers' of press freedom to a Hong Kong media outlet . The document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record, according to copies widely circulated online.
Kane won his first senior caps for England last week, but is still eligible for Gareth Southgate's Young Lions. 'Playing Under-21 football this summer won’t help him.
Bale, who joined the Santiago Bernabeu outfit for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013, has been linked with a move to United in recent weeks with Real reportedly keen on Red Devils' goalkeeper David de Gea. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane insists that Gareth Bale will not joining Manchester United this summer .
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future . 'However, we now know our solar system is moving through the Milky Way and other stars have their own particular paths. The Big Dipper could eventually start to look more like the Big Duck over the next 98,000 years .
A celebrated Australian artist has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed in Indonesia. The artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Anthony Joshua believes his 'hunger and determination' will more than make up for Jason Gavern's superior experience when the pair go head to head in Newcastle on Saturday. Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015, after he was forced to pull out of a January fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back. Gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout while Joshua will be fighting only his 11th .
Cook, who has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012, appears to have been taken under the wing of the Moldovan Taekwondo Federation and its billionaire president Igor Iuzefovici. Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship British Olympic Association plans to fight for them in Rio 2016 .
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns . However, the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy. Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book .
The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week, in products including a new sandwich, as well as existing sandwiches, wraps and salads. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Moyes, who gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton, succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson in the summer of 2013 - with the England striker being heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge at the same time.
Manny Pacquiao answers questions from the assembled media at his open workout day last week . Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday. The wrangling goes on and on.
Fabio Lavato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in their local Cineworld in Gloucester . Fabio created a video showcasing pictures of their time together followed by the words 'Laura I have a question for you' that was played at the end of the trailers of Fast and Furious 7 . Despite the pair being massive film buffs Laura was too excited to stay and watch the rest of the film, but says it was the perfect proposal.
Greece warned it will go bankrupt next week after failing to stump up enough cash to pay millions of public sector workers and its international debts. UEFA's general secretary Gianni Infantino has warned that there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football unless the country's government rescinds proposed new laws.
Cropped out: On Tuesday, Kim Kardashian was removed from this photo of her dining at a non-kosher venue with her husband, Kanye West, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, by the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar . Ultra-conservative Jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature - and have cropped other famous females out of photos in the past. Celebratory meal: The article itself - which condemned Mr Barkat for dining at a non-kosher venue and for the pricey bill (including tip) - referred to Kim as 'the wife' of singer Kanye. Afterwards, the family dined with Mr Barkat at Mona Restaurant. Famous: The family walk on the grounds of the Cathedral of Saint James in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday .
Shanna McCormick, 31, whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st (left) managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride . Before her weight loss, Miss McCormick's partner Dan Dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep. Now, the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together .
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer,' and, 'More home pregnancy kits are sold in March than any other month.
Just a few days ago, Maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds. It's now classified as a tropical storm, according to the Philippine national weather service, which calls it a different name, Chedeng.
More than 26 fishing boats in the area have helped to rescue members of the crew, but have also recovered 56 bodies. Early reports added that the Dalny Vostok sank in just 15 minutes after its engine compartment had been flooded. The Sea of Okhotsk is the coldest sea in East Asia with the air temperature plummeting to -20 degrees Celsius in the winter months.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace’s first goal (2), but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks.
That whole new routine kicked in yesterday. The list of diversions mean in the short term coping with life in Civvy Street should not be impossibly harrowing for the man who described Saturday as the ‘hardest day of my life’. But McCoy will need something to satisfy his enormous work ethic. The 20-time champion jockey was not late.
That's a claim from former White House florist Ronn Payne, retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. Skip Allen, a Clinton-era White House 'usher' – a high-ranking butler – said in the book that Bill and Hillary were 'about the most paranoid people I'd ever seen in my life.' Another usher, Chris Emery, found himself uncerimoniously fired for helping former first lady Barbara Bush with technical computer questions. DISPUTES: White House domestic employees said they heard Hillary 'clock him with a book' during the Monica Lewinsky scandal . He heard Mrs Clinton yell: 'g*ddamn b*stard,' he told Brower.
The 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food, prepared by executive chef Paul Collins, who has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants. And now the eaterie, which has been hailed as the world's best staff canteen, has opened its doors to the public - albeit at higher prices. The account manager, said: 'The food is absolutely stunning. Paul Collins is the Michelin-starred chef in charge at the Yeo Valley staff canteen .
Tragic: Iain Mackay, 40, (pictured) is understood to have got into a fight at the Hua Hin resort, 125 miles south of Bangkok, after discovering the woman chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city . Thai police said Mr Mackay, from Stornoway, Scotland, was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop near to the bar where he had spotted his girlfriend. He later died in hospital.
One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin .
The likes of Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men as Champions League heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester United circle like vultures. Manchester City and Chelsea are interested in the defender, but West Ham are hopeful he will stay . ROSS BARKLEY (Everton) Wanted by: Manchester City Valued at: £40m .
The projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit, which hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009-10 and now stands at £90billion. The Conservatives have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion – the first since 2001. But the IMF predicted that there will still be a deficit of £7billion that year – even after a decade of austerity.
Finishing the film in Walker's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone. But it doesn't overwhelm -- Furious 7 is respectful, even solemn, when it needs to be, but is still, thank God, plenty of crazy fun."
He was 88. Among the most popular shows on TV in the early '80s, "The Dukes of Hazzard" ran until 1985 and spawned TV movies, an animated series and video games.
At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender!' May marks the 75th anniversary of Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of Allied troops from Dunkirk .
2015 MTV Movie Awards: See the full winners list . Amy Schumer takes on Hillary Clinton, Zayn Malik and more in monologue .
The fiancé of a beloved Georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died, as her killer, a high school student, faces multiple charges. Decatur police say Pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit O'Brien. The teen was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle, according to 11 Alive. Revealed: At the arraignment, it was revealed that Pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a June 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute .
Mr Burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox. The 'big bogan' statue could prove as popular as the Big Banana which is a tourist attraction in Coffs Harbour, the The Big Merino in Goulburn, the Big Prawn in Ballina and Sunshine Coast's Big Pineapple.
Scottish Nationalists threatened to paralyse the UK government by blocking ‘any bit of spending’ they do not agree with. The threat came as Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament – including the SNP – to ‘try to build a majority’. But the SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
Werder Bremen edged past bottom club Hamburg SV 1-0 courtesy of an 84th-minute penalty by Franco Di Santo that kept them in the running for a Europa League spot. New coach Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing Hamburg from going down for the first time ever .
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities said. "We are preparing aid packages for those who may journey onwards to their home countries."
This is the moment when al-Qaeda linked Islamist fighters enter a town in Syria, narrated by a British jihadist fighter. Despite the man behind the camera claiming that the Islamist have 'liberated' the city, the inhabitants of Jisr al-Shughour can be seen fleeing on foot and in whatever vehicles available . Calm before the storm: Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour, killing some 20 fighters .
The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning with only the driver on board. The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle.
One of the white Art Deco houses on the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for £4million . The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury. And in a rare event, one of those has just come on the market, for a guide price of £4 million.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition. 'His condition has improved today and he is expected to recover,' Morse said. He's not afraid of death.'
The Lib Dem leader, who hopes to hold the balance of power after May 7, said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'. Experts have warned a badly hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing.
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain. Nancy Kanwisher (left; right), a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions .
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year. Mr Pezzullo said the challenges were on par to the high numbers in the aftermath of World War II.
Nutritional Therapist Lorna Driver-Davies explains the health benefits of these new super saps. Birch water . Rainwater .
Edouard Duplan is spoken to by the referee as Utrecht appear to have twelve players on the pitch against Ajax . Duplan makes his way off the pitch and hops over the advertising hoarding to the Utrecht bench on Sunday .
Researchers found people who were underweight in middle age were 34 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than those of a healthy weight.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. The video shows Knight's pickup truck (top left) pulling up to the driveway of the burger stand and Cle 'Bone' Sloan approaching the driver's side window. Among the other key pieces of evidence shown to the court were images of Knight taken immediately after his arrest. An hour-long interview with Sloan, who survived, describing what happened was also released. Knight runs over Sloan's leg and then plows into Carter .
University student Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow. A man has been charged with her murder .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. We all agreed to try and get tickets. The Wet Republic pool party at the MGM Grand is on the agenda for Saturday . Floyd Mayweather will face Manny Pacquiao in the richest fight in boxing history .
The cargo planes left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating, a report said . Firefighters placed a ladder against the door to allow the captain and co-pilot to disembark, and they sprayed foam around the landing gear and engine as a precaution.
Officials with Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved.
The publisher also released to CNN a never-before-seen image from the new volume by Dr. Seuss, aka Theodor Geisel. When "What Pet Should I Get?"
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but now identifies as female, regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing. After passing a driving test last year, she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson, about 100 miles northwest of Columbia, to remove her makeup because of a policy that bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease - and locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves. But tree expert Dr Owen Johnson said the yew, in the village 10 miles west of Taunton, could just be going through a bad patch.
Lee McCulloch, the Rangers captain, was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers . McCulloch is in line to play for Rangers against league leaders Hearts at the weekend .
Connected: Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi came in contact with Hizb ut-Tahrir while studying at Westminster University . Converted: Lib Dem candidate Maajid Nawaz, pictured with Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, spent 13 years inside Hizb ut-Tahrir and was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group . He claimed ‘arrogant’ Nawaz acts like a ‘spokesman for Islam’ – but visited the club during Ramadan.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women . 'There was no attempt to balance the costs with the benefits,' said Richard Wender, who heads prevention, detection and patient-support efforts at the American Cancer Society.
Johnny Manziel (above) has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 . This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority . Now comes the real test however, as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position, who just signed a $14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons. Manziel is now set to begin offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns on April 20 .
An elderly woman died after she was unable to call for help because the phone company had disconnected the mobile she kept for emergencies. Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son, but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
25-1 outsider Many Clouds, who had shown little form going into the race, won by a length and a half, ridden by jockey Leighton Aspell. Aspell won last year's Grand National too, making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses.
The picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with the former Bayern Munich doctor who quit the club this week . Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt (right) quit the club, claiming the medical staff had been blamed for defeat . Muller-Wohlfahrt is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years .
Christine Carriage, 67, (pictured) was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court . He said: ‘The officers described the property as looking more like a clothing warehouse than a dwelling.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta . But the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at her former love interest Rory McIlroy .
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process. Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will leave Yemen and never return for a position in politics, the source said. Ousted Yemen President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi thanked the Saudi-led coalition.
Pele (centre) was a special guest for the Reds' league encounter vs rivals Manchester United last month . Coutinho (centre) scored the only goal as Liverpool won 1-0 at Blackburn in their FA Cup sixth round replay . That would be a massive achievement.’ Coutinho's (right) displays have seen him nominated for the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards .
Today after 20 years in the industry, it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business."
Busted: Four underage frat boys were busted in Alabama, accused of towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to Gulf Shores for spring break .
The stray dog was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in Washington state. The dog, Theia, survived being run over, beaten with a hammer and buried, and now needs surgery . The dog appeared to be hit with hammer in a mercy killing. She named the dog Theia.
(CNN)This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, who is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills. 'Because of the video he’s now fine with the pills, but he still hates using his nebuliser,' Heidi says.
Mr Rennie said the SNP leader had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' on another referendum.
Samir Khan, an American citizen, was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen. A soldier and a poet: Asia Siddiqui (right), one of the two woman arrested in Queens, NY on Thursday for plotting a terrorist attack had previously published a poem in an Al Qaeda magazine, it was revealed. The poem, titled 'Take Me to the Lands Where the Eyes are Cooled' details Siddiqui's aspiration to  'drop bombs' and 'taste the Truth through fists and slit throats'. DIY: Khan went on to found Inspire, an Al Qaeda magazine. The pigments of a lost nation.
West Indies batsman Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test .
So how does a flying machine that looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades invade such highly restricted airspace, as happened Wednesday, when a postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds? If it was actually tracked on a radar screen, the target may have appeared to be a flock of birds.
He is known as the ‘accidental billionaire’ who co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22, but Mike Cannon-Brookes has proved just how far he has come by splashing out on a sought-after property in Sydney’s east.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when Cotterill, who was jailed last week, sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter. Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again following a trial at Birmingham Magistrates' Court (pictured) 'He didn't know where I lived but I thought "What if he finds out?"
Fifth seed Ana Ivanovic lost for the third time this year to France's Caroline Garcia in Stuttgart . World No 6 Ivanovic was was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's world No 29 Garcia .
Formula One star Jenson Button completed the London Marathon with an impressive time of two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds. Button praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
Arsenal legend Paul Merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown and admitted he was wrong to criticise the England call up for Andros Townsend. The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in Tuesday's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing . People walking along Somerton beach, southwest of Adelaide, (pictured) found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948 .
The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars, and he admitted he would 'love' to be the presenter of the BBC show. O'Sullivan, who begins his second-round match at The Crucible against Matthew Stevens on Saturday, has appeared as a guest on the show in the past.
Ditching Wall Street: Mary Pat Christie, right, has quit her $475,000-a-year position at finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co . Not the breadwinner: Christie's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him .
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot. He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. On Monday a police insider revealed sickening details about the alleged Anzac Day terror plot, claiming the accused men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife. British soldier Lee Rigby was stabbed to death with a meat cleaver on the streets of London in 2013 .
Devine had assumed a gesture Pocock had made after scoring a try on Friday night was 'jazz hands' Devine tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' Others on social media were more understanding, taking the view that 'accidents happen'.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
(CNN)The number of new HIV infections in a rural Indiana county has grown, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Many family members, across generations, live in the same house and will use the drugs together as "a community activity," Duwve said.
Zoe Hadley, 19, also known as Zoe Hommel, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition. The inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems.
The nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother, leaving scars over his body . The 50-year-old had adopted the boy after when he was six after was given up by her cousin, who thought she was sending her child to a better life away from the deprived rural area in which they lived.
Graeme Finlay leaving Teesside Crown Court. He is accused of attacking husband and wife Ronald and June Phillips while on board a cruise ship . The couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin. Finlay was ‘disembarked’ from the ship and had to make his own way back to Glasgow. Mr Phillips said: ‘Never in my life have I hit anyone, not even my wife – you can ask her.’ Finlay denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm. The case continues.
The lack of accountability in the aftermath of the American intervention in Iraq not only paved the way for abuses like Abu Ghraib and Blackwater, it also fuelled sectarian tension in the country -- and today ISIS is reaping the benefits.
But, to my surprise, The Yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar. The Yeatman, Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, is built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia, with all of its 82 rooms facing the river and almost every one themed after a Portuguese winery.
The robots were originally created by Walker for a show called 'Peepshow'.
Here Sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final. Luis Suarez was the star man for Barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control .
David Alaba has given Bayern Munich some good news after posting a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old, who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort, was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday.
Jose Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat of Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini all week – only to be told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing. In the end, Fellaini did play at Stamford Bridge, but was dealt with in midfield by Chelsea's Kurt Zouma (left) Zouma (right) had been given a specific tactical brief to stifle the threat of Fellaini (left) during the game .
Elena Klimova managed to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their vile messages along with candid photos of each sender (pictured) to a Russian website called VKontakte . While Elena has revealed the faces of the people her trolls, MailOnline has blurred them.
The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, beating the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003. The seven-car train was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway. The speeds won't be as high when the new line between Tokyo and Nagoya comes into service in 2027 .
Gary Field, pictured,  was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage . Mr Field was tagged in 2013 for breaching a community service order after being found guilty of assault. I did spray her [Bunny] with deodorant. It was just banter.
An investigation is underway after two passengers were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit during a Ryanair flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld. Two women, who were believed to be off-duty Ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards, were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform.
The man told authorities he had fallen asleep. The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled, the airline said.
Officially, however, Zhou, 72, is the highest-level official charged as part of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that began in late 2012. If the trial proceeds as expected he will be the most senior politician to face court since the sensational 1981 trial of Chairman Mao's widow, his fourth and last wife Jiang Qing, and the rest of the 'Gang of Four' over claims they persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution.
But the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. The rules won't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and "families are not interested in attending" them, Press TV cited him as saying.
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school. Chokal-Ingam says on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the St. Louis University School of Medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the United States. 'I got into medical school because I said I was black. He doesn't specify if he went through the same application process as an Indian-American man as he did as a black man .
In an interview with ABC News, Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind. He said he was also asked by a city official to alter police reports. Barlow added that when Jeffs was on the run and being sought as one of the FBI's 'Most Wanted', he taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them onto Jeffs. Federal investigators are now suing the towns' governments, accusing them of being controlled by the church.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton lead 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile . The wood bison journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko . The bison arrive at their new home, which will have sedge for them to feed on once the snow melts .
But Camilla Lawrence, a Women’s Health Physiotherapist, warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body .
Ellen Weirich (centre) created 'Le Femme' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine. In the make-up studio, ladies-in-training are taught how to apply, including tips on how to disguise stubble.
Painful periods: 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time . The most difficult problem for women though, is even if they are dealing with some symptoms, Dr Briden says it can take up to ten years to diagnose properly. Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health.
And even for those who did not experience Ebola personally, the "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times" showed the world its vulnerability to disease.
Several of the outfits she has been photographed in since her lavish wedding to the world-famous actor cost at least £1,000, with the star spending a whopping £66,900 alone on the clothes she is pictured wearing in this feature.
The Arsenal winger has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, David Ospina, Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil. Walcott, pictured with Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny, has spent much of the season on the bench .
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife (VEPAW), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers . However she insists their intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a 'poacher hunter'.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. Joshua Burns and and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014. He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home. Brenda Burns fled to Colorado to avoid being watched DHS, which she believes is unconstitutional.
Manchester United's humiliation of their noisy neighbours City at Old Trafford led the club's official website to claim the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes. Their manager Louis van Gaal has not been too proud to learn from his mistakes. Mata runs away in celebration after scoring one of United's four goals against their great rivals City . Van Gaal shakes hands with his opposite number Pellegrini after the final whistle at Old Trafford .
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket with some poor performances in the first Test . Debbie Jevans, the former England Rugby 2015 chief executive whose falling out with the RFU led to her walking out on her job — six months before the World Cup — has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm.
A film about his life starring Jonah Hill as former New York Times journalist Mike Finkel (left) has been released. 'I believe that some actions are so terrible that nothing can ever atone for them.' His wife Mary Jane (top left) and his three children Zach, four (far right), Sadie, three (center), and two-year-old Madison were all killed, stuffed in bags or suitcases, weighed down and then thrown in rivers. The FBI transferred him stateside, where he was arrested and charged with murder. He was found guilty after a month-long trial and sentenced to death. Longo said from his cell.
Two 'unemployed rich kids' have caused outrage in China after causing a major traffic accident in central Beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars. The green Lamborghini and red Ferrari - which are worth a combined total of £1.3million - are believed to have been racing through the underpass in Beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed . another 'Bluesky1963' from Hunan said simply 'The spoilt rich.'
West Brom are watching Nice forward Alassane Plea. Pulis is keen on bolstering his forward options in the summer despite remaining confident of keeping hold of star striker Saido Berahino.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital – transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before – but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase. Travellers can use a lift, but they are forced to cross a busy road to access the bus terminal . But the project is unfinished and the escalator that was constructed connects with an unbuilt train station.
Lifetime has its follow-up to its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" TV movie: the network is now taking on Full House.
Speaking on the Today show, Ms Hanson described halal certification as a 'profit, money-making racket' and that the public were being 'hoodwinked' over the issue. One Nation leader Pauline Hanson speaks at a rally against Islam in Brisbane on Saturday . she claimed. Criticism is not racism. We have a right to have a say and have an opinion,' she said. Protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Melbourne as tensions rose . A Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia . However, 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway.
The controversial preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report that the family wanted him gone to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus'. He also announced that he would head to North Charleston, South Carolina, to preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral. Incendiary: Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager, right, in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Celtic have written to the Scottish Football Association in order to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions during their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness on Sunday. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings .
The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen. The news comes on the same day as war-weary Pakistan began talks to enter the conflict after its staunch Saudi allies issued an urgent request the country join the expanding coalition of Sunni Muslim nations fighting Shiite rebels in the country.
The Legend of the Seas docked on Tuesday with 135 sick passengers aboard - the second Royal Caribbean ship infected in two days . Both ships sailed from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to San Diego for 15-night cruises.
CRICKET WORLD CUP . ROBERTO MANCINI . Mancini's Inter Milan are way off the pace in Serie A . RICKIE LAMBERT . Liverpool have injury problems up front but a certainty is that Lambert will not play at Arsenal. PHIL JONES . It would, however, help if Louis van Gaal could become the first Old Trafford manager of three to decide where exactly he wishes to play him.
Each week, about 23% of American adults -- or 52 million people -- use a medicine containing acetaminophen, according to the nonprofit Consumer Healthcare Products Association. The authors said it was not known whether other pain relievers, such as ibuprofen and aspirin, have the same effect.
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'. The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online, the network said.
They found different eruptions were occurring at two of the volcano’s vents – nicknamed Hades and Prometheus. They managed to film the eruptions as they happened and using hydrophones, recorded the sound they produced.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the Nou Camp. But he also admitted he was pleased Juve didn't draw the Catalan side in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career .
Trainee police officer for the Met, Sophia Adams, has just become the new face (and body) of 'plus-bust' lingerie brand, Curvy Kate, after winning their annual 'Star in a Bra' competition. 21-year-old Adams, from North West London, beat 1,000 other hopefuls and as a result, has scored a modelling contract with plus-size agency, Bridge Models. Launched in 2009, Curvy Kate offer a selection of D-K cup lingerie, designed especially for a fuller bust.
The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year, and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around and will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7.
Muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court, Britain's most senior judge has suggested. Lord Neuberger, the President of the Supreme Court, said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should 'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs. Lord Neuberger said Britain's privileged judges must be aware of their 'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society .
Eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern California desert. The San Bernardino County sheriff, John McMahon, has ordered an investigation into the incident, branding the video 'disturbing'. Deputies arriving by helicopter jolted him with a stun gun.
Now the adventure has been re-created in a new film, showing the young Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets. It was just one of those things that happened.’ Speaking to The Mail on Sunday from her home at Windsor Great Park, she says: ‘I think it’s one of the things that the Queen remembers with great happiness. Friends: Margaret Rhodes, left with Princess Margaret and Elizabeth, right .
Fit for a mogul - the enormous mansion serves as the backdrop to the hit show Empire . It took five years to build the house, which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . The mansion even has an owner worthy of Empire, in strip club owner Sam Cecola, according to Curbed.
The son in law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver was indicted Monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative. Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle. Silver, the former Speaker of the New York State Assembly, was charged in January for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 200.
The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended. Salerno, who worked with Cellino at his previous club Cagliari, has been reported in Italy to be lined up to become sporting director at Serie A club Palermo.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC . Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . In becoming one of the leading figures of Kerry Packer’s World Series revolution in the 1970s Benaud gave the fledgling breakaway group the voice of authority they required. ‘He certainly will be very, very much missed.’ Today Abbott offered Benaud's family a state funeral for him, if they wish it. Benaud pays tribute to Australian media mogul and cricket pioneer Kerry Packer after his death in 2005 . ON CAPTAINCY .
The answer is the latest tropical fruit to go on sale in the UK, nicknamed the ‘plango’. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture.
In or out? SATURDAY . Arsenal vs Liverpool (12.45pm) Everton vs Southampton (3pm) Leicester City vs West Ham United (3pm) Manchester United vs Aston Villa (3pm) Swansea City vs Hull City (3pm) West Bromwich Albion vs QPR (3pm) Chelsea vs Stoke (5.30pm) SUNDAY . Crystal Palace vs Manchester City (8pm)
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing. Holder said the department's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal. An inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes .
In a special Election edition, the magazine of the respected Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed (IPSE) carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. Instead, the magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been – with a sharp rebuke.
But, despite having flown to Tenerife from East Midlands airport, Mrs Craig was marooned on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric ID card was stolen. The mother-of-four, who has a Jamaican passport, has now placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of Ryanair. Mrs Craig travelled to Madrid where she was given documentation to prove that her card had been stolen but at the aiport she was stopped at the boarding desk and the police were called .
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'. It is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck. The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop. Police Commissioner Anthony Batts refused to elaborate on the new information.
And so, a century ago, some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp. Because most of the drinking water in South Florida comes from the aquifers beneath the Everglades.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist. Meanwhile at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when the clockwise carriageway reopened.
The girlfriend of a British student killed in the Alps plane tragedy told last night how he switched flights ‘at the last moment’ - and revealed she did not blame the co-pilot who crashed the jet. Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings flight's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board. But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it.
Maguire celebrates his late, late strike as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . Kieran Lee (second right) celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . Yann Kermorgant (second left equalises for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . Matt Ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard (left) more game time . Phil Jagielka (left) is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking . At 37 years old Didier Drogba may not be the force he once was, but the Chelsea centre forward can still put in a shift for Jose Mourinho when he needs to.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former England midfielder stolen. Bianca later tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes'.
Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon without actually looking at Brad Guzan's goal as his eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball. His only Manchester United goal scored with his eyes wide open came against Yeovil Town back in January . Herrera scored in Manchester United's 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers without looking at the ball .
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer leaving Manchester City’s Head of the Elite Development equipped for the top job. Patrick Vieira has been part of the coaching team at Manchester City since he retired . Vieira made his name in England at Arsenal where he won seven major honours .
The prince is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April and will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. On arrival, Harry will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty. He will also briefly travel back in order to visit Turkey with the Prince of Wales later this month in order to take part in a memorial service for the men who fought and died at Gallipoli.
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth . The Duke committed to being present at the commemorations in February and, according to aides, plans to play things by ear. He is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot at three airbases in Cambridge, Norwich or Gloucestershire.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment . She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers – because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves. Ms Fernando's 'shocking' suggestion was slammed by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg today. That would be draconian' Ms Fernando has insisted that her comments were 'taken out of context'.
The journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ‘I Quit Sugar’ book and website complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’. Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer, and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Editor-in-chief of the Mamamia network, Jamela Rizvi, told Daily Mail Australia: 'I agree that the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story weren't ideal. In 2013, Mamamia’s founder Mia Freedman blasted Wilson over her anti-sugar stance and called her ‘obsessed’.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez as the deadline passed on Thursday night. United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer which allowed Real Madrid to first loan Hernandez for the season then buy him outright before other clubs could bid.
In a bold pitch to working class voters, the Prime Minister said the Tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to  1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. But the National Housing Federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited.
Martin Skrtel catches Daniel Kolar in the face with a high boot during Slovakia's 1-0 win over Czech Republic .
By using this technique at the opening of different pipes, they can trace the source of the sewage to certain households so that pipes dumping sewage into rivers can be redirected. Here, fluorescent powders glow under UV light .
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections. Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa; it is also one of Africa's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States. Boko Haram isn't the only obstacle facing the new president.
The government of Shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples, allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. While Shibuya's decision does not yet equate to heterosexual marriage, the hope is that the move will be the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities.
Charlie Adam (second right) celebrates his stunning goal against Chelsea with his Stoke team-mates . Peter Crouch was at hand to give his verdict on Adam's dancing skills on Sky's Soccer AM chat show . Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica in 2006 .
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the A34, in Walsall, West Mids . Romantic Paul - who had arranged for friends and family to hide on the other side of the road - then went down on one knee and proposed to Tara, who said yes.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . Doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young. Matheryn is currently at the Arizona-based Alcor, her brain and body frozen separately at 196C. In an ideal world, she would have been flown to Arizona.
A few months ago Aston Villa would have been happy with Premier League survival. Now this group has a chance to embrace that history and write the next chapter. Aston Villa celebrate in the Wembley dressing room after beating Liverpool to reach this year's FA Cup final .
Now, she has proved them wrong with a Bafta nomination for her first season on the show. The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards, something both Sir Bruce and co-host Tess Daly failed to achieve. The mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
The pup has made quite a name for himself with his poor catching skills. Indeed, his YouTube channel boasts more than five million hits. Other videos show him being thrown steak, tacos, bread rolls, pizza and donuts, with misses every time.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri . Initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts .
PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed 'the realities of the Australian wool industry.' The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. PETA's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb actually made of foam . The Minister for Agriculture, Barnaby Joyce has also voiced his outrage calling the campaign a 'load of rubbish.'
Alexander Kutner with mum, Sky TV presenter Kay Burley, at Ulusaba, Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve in South Africa's Sabi Sands .
Before sales took off, Woodman posed as the model for their self-made adverts. Three years later it began selling a high-definition camera. The Bloomberg Pay Index tracks the 100 highest-paid executives in firms that trade on US exchanges.
Southampton celebrate after winning the U21 Premier League Cup at St Mary's on Monday night . Sam Gallagher celebrates after his stunning strike won the game for Southampton against Blackburn . Earlier, striker Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead with a tidy finish after the ball fell fortuitously to him in the Blackburn box, but the unfortunate Matt Targett turned the ball into his own net to level the game.
Jose Mourinho's side, who face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday, are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining.
Despite Pirlo's goal, Juve fell to a 2-1 defeat and missed out on wrapping up their fourth straight Serie A title . Still, Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table and could still win a treble this season .
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy, while on his round in Exeter, Devon. ‘It is a pleasure to have him working for us.’ Adam was recently was filmed on his rounds in Exeter trying out some solo free-style steps before approaching a customer's door .
Chaotic scenes: Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at Clapham Junction station (pictured) in south-west London . Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water, and paramedics were on hand in case travellers, including pregnant women, were affected as the crowded carriages became unbearably hot.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down shortly before 10pm last night at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway that he ran in South Shields. 'Apparently there were two men on a motorbike, one driver and one shooter.
Retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising heavily for Pacquiao items in the Philippines . Yap-Tan said her sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times since February when the megafight, which took five years to arrange, was confirmed. Prices of Pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves, the best-selling item, have also risen at least 50 per cent, said Yap-Tan, with buyers coming mostly from the United States, and a few from Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom.
Serena Williams fought back to beat Italian Sara Errani in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday . Tough weather conditions made it difficult for both players who had to keep on re-tossing their serves . 'The wind helped me,' Errani said.
Somalia's President called it "an attack against the future of our country." Four other workers were in serious condition, the agency said.
Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated  over 'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts . Dave Whelan (right) appointed Mackay (left) as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings . Wigan are eight points from safety with only five games remaining, after all. Whelan's appointment of Mackay did little good for the club as they face relegation from the Championship .
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby after missing United's last six games . It is understood that Van Gaal will sign off plans for the tour in the coming weeks.
Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. With an $8.99 per month fee for its service, Netflix customers would only have to pay at least an extra 90c while song downloaders would pay an additional 22c for $2.19 track on iTunes. Tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks .
The war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday. War widow Veronica Alldritt will join more than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders at the ANZAC Commemorative site at Gallipoli for the ANZAC Day 100th anniversary commemoration .
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver who raced in Furious 7 - she just plays one on TV. Her connection to the project did not go beyond her role as an extra in a crowd of 1,500. He also refuted Lafontaine’s assertion that she was the only female driver on set, saying that the production involved at least seven or eight female stunt doubles, including the veteran racer Debbie Evans Leavitt.
Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque, the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris. Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge, this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of 'stars' and can be booked out for private use . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear .
It found that just four in 10 renters (43 per cent) aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home, compared to almost half a year ago (49 per cent). According to research from Halifax, three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
The hosting slot would have marked Clarkson's first appearance on the BBC since he was dismissed from Top Gear for hitting producer Oisin Tymon . However, Clarkson is not banned from appearing on the BBC altogether, meaning he could have fulfilled his commitment to host the satirical news show, but has since withdrawn .
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd, who was shot six times in the chest and back on June 17, 2013. Defending his not guilty plea, Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd .
WMAR reports that the woman saw her son on television throwing rocks at police.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20, and which experts said was among the largest and most complicated in U.S. history. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises. His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire. Also on the jury are a Denver Public Schools employee, a person with depression and a businesswoman who cares for her elderly parents.
But I am here because Kathryn is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff, and one very disconcerting product in particular. Along with some 60 other specialists in this country, she whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. Mothers have reported powerful healing properties, saying that eating their own placenta (the blood-filled organ that supports the foetus in the womb) has helped to increase their milk supply, reduce post-natal bleeding, stabilise blood pressure, and, crucially, provide them with more energy to care for their babies.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week. Using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way. State-of-the-art: The head is created with malleable material using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding, as well as a £5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles. Mugshot: Saunders pictured after she was jailed for a £35,000 fraud in 2007 .
before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi. The protester flashed a V-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while the ECB boss was taken into a side room. Flabbergasted: Ex-Femen activist Josephine Witt throws confetti at European Central Bank President Mario Draghi during a press conference in Frankfurt, Germany .
Janek Zylinski, the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring that he had 'had enough' of the Ukip leader. I'd like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning, with our swords, and resolve this matter.' The Ukip leader was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.
Diesel model Winnie Harlow, who suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with, has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star Shaun Ross.
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya, said European Parliament member Matteo Salvini, the leader of Italy's far-right Northern League.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. Jebson's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died. A prison source told The Sun: 'He was bitter and twisted and did not want people to have the satisfaction and relief of knowing he was dead.' But, over four years, police broke down his story and he admitted sole responsibility.
The heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain George Grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843. Only one of two freestanding properties in the New South Wales Government's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb.
According to Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, from Toronto, who present an online science show, several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are. Oldest children tend be ambitious and have strong leadership skills .
Ashley, the club’s owner, does not appear to be listening. He is not a football man, certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at St James’ Park. He should address it because his ability to make money should be one of his most powerful weapons at Newcastle. Toon fans held up the cards during the latest protest against owner Ashley .
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program, but was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance, college President Kay Albertson said Tuesday. He was arrested just after 1 a.m. Tuesday, after he was found sleeping on a beach, about 550 miles (885 kilometers) from Goldsboro.
The 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail, according to  Albert Breer of the NFL Network. The lawsuit was announced on Monday and alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' who used  team's facilities, according to ESPN. The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean, according to ESPN.
The author, David Spielgalhalter, a Cambridge University professor, sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality. Guess what? The penis didn't even get a look in.
WCPO reports the woman was later identified as Jacqueline Carr, age 65. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep.
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine to cleanse skin and shift make-up. With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment. 'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. No-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain. A team of researchers are exploring whether the mould may cause people to think they have seen ghosts, by comparing conditions in 'haunted' and non-haunted old buildings.
Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse and Chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media, according to extensive research undertaken by Kick It Out. Balotelli was on the end of 8,000 messages, with Arsenal's Danny Welbeck (above) receiving 1,700 . Last year, Rio Ferdinand was suspended for three matches and fined £25,000 by the governing body when he included the word 'sket' — slang for a promiscuous woman or girl — in a reply to a tweet mocking him.
Bubba Watson showed off an incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in China . Watson's form has been poor in recent weeks after a disappointing Masters and Shenzen International .
It was just a couple of years ago that King Goodwill Zwelithini - who last month said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave - labelled homosexuals as 'rotten'. Xenophobia: The King is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants' and should be expelled from South Africa - a charge he denies, saying it was bad translation . Luxurious: But the King - pictured here right at the annual reed dance at eNyokeni Royal Palace last year - more often comes under fire for lavish spending on his six wives, 28 children and numerous grandchildren .
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor 'Tex' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to seven-year-old Satine Cahill who burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field . Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday when she became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium .
Act of kindness: University of Southern California senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell (R) presented the sorority's housekeeper Fannie Randle (L) with a $21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car . Miss Jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former Gamma Phi Beta alumni, as well as their friends and family, to raise money for Ms Randle's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88million but Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place in the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List. Formula One driver Jenson Button is just £1m behind Rooney with a fortune of £71m .
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . Red Bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season which has seen them slip behind Ferrari in challenging Mercedes . Ricciardo greets fans after arriving at the Shangahi circuit ahead of this weekend's Grand Prix .
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett at Gosford's Australian Reptile Park . 'He's about as thick as my legs.' Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country .
Bikram yoga improves mindfulness, flexibility, strength, muscle tone and general fitness, advocates boast. A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F), with 40 per cent humidity. One male study volunteer recorded a core temperature of 40°C (104°F) WHAT ARE THE SIGNS OF HEAT EXHAUSTION? WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF HEAT STROKE?
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912. It has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast. The deckchair is being sold in Devizes, Wiltshire on April 18.
Canadian pop sensation Justin Bieber is will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring ahead of his $300million Las Vegas mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao on Saturday. Floyd Mayweather poses for photos with Justin Bieber after defeating Alvarez in Las Vegas back in 2013. Mayweather (left) has been preparing for his mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao on Saturday .
Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'. Land-Grabber: Red Ed wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land . Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. Andrew Percy, Tory candidate for Brigg and Goole, said: 'It is the sort of policy you might expect from Soviet Russia.
With the Gunners preparing for the Premier League trip to Burnley on Saturday, one of their partners Europcar have revealed how some of the first-team stars motivate themselves on the team bus with some interesting and uncharacteristic selections included. Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' as his selected track . Nacho Monreal appears to be a fan of up-beat dance music, opting for David Guetta track 'Dangerous' Laurent Koscielny may prepare for defending at Turf Moor by listening to 'Happy' by Pharrell Williams . 'It's certainly an eclectic playlist.
Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music, he posted a clip of a track entitled I Won't Mind, but has since taken it down . Look @ the date of the tweet. So far he's worked with Cheryl Cole, Rihanna, Tinie Tempah, Emeli Sande and Leona Lewis and he even helped to produce Labrinth's hit song Beneath Your Beautiful. Naughty Boy was able to buy his recording equipment after going on Deal Or No Deal and winning £44,000 . Especially given the circumstances in which the 22-year-old left One Direction.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to think the unthinkable — and consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari. Hamilton, 30, has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago but were not alone. The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there. Neanderthals, shown in the artist's impression above, may have lived alongside predators in a cave in Spain .
After almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around.
Conflicting stance: Ed Miliband, pictured during a speech yesterday, will today announce a 'clear, credible plan' on immigration . Under intense pressure during a home affairs debate on the BBC’s Daily Politics Show, Yvette Cooper would say only she wanted the number to be lower than the current 300,000. During Labour’s 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square - with the desired effect being a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look. Ms Yeh added: 'The dogs don't mind, and the owners keep coming back for more.
Mr Mole, AP McCoy’s mount in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday, has been installed as one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up. Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
I'munique . Boy Boy . Abstinence . As for the most popular baby names in the UK for 2014?
Jaime Hessel said her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell' from her East Williamsburg apartment to Midtown East. Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum .
Mr Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night before they went to a nearby eatery where he was stabbed in the chest. A friend became 'victim number two' when he tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbins. The 25-year-old also suffered stab wounds during the confrontation and is in hospital undergoing surgery. The offender fled the scene and police haven't found a weapon. Investigations into the matter are continuing and police are now appealing for any witnesses who’ve not yet spoken with police to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white. On Saturday, Moynihan was released from the hospital. Scott, of the Black Ministerial Alliance of Greater Boston, said Moynihan was shot "assassination-style."
Alterations: Kim Davies has admitted illegally altering Llanwenarth House by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches . Bedroom: The master suite at Llanwenarth House, which is where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful . Glitzy: Davies installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house, and has now admitted breaking planning laws . He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class . After acknowledging his supposed blunder again, the recorded version of Mr Weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom.
Washington (CNN)Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope. Santorum said. This is about the government coming in saying, 'No -- we're going to make you do this.'
An Amber Alert was issued after toddler Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in Des Moines, Washington, on Tuesday. The mother was then tied to a cupboard in the garage while the boy was taken inside the home.
Marouane Fellaini (pictured) has been in brilliant form for Manchester United in recent weeks . ‘I will probably have to come out to collect crosses into the box.
Struggle: Born with Epidermolysis Bullosa, Jonathan is covered with deep blistering wounds that won't heal . Difficulties: Both Tina and Jonathan say they try not to think about the fact that he has a life expectancy of 25 . 'I can't play sports but there's much more to sports than players.' His mother, Tina, said it is a struggle every day as she bathes him, knowing he is in pain.
And it appears the British racer literally left his mark on one of the latter while attending Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party seven years ago. 'I noticed that Will Smith was there and I'm a big fan of Fresh Prince [of Bel Air] so I was like I want to meet Will.
Shane Warne hailed Richie Benaud as the 'godfather of cricket' following the former Australia captain and broadcaster's death at the age of 84. Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 which saw him become the voice of the game in both England and his homeland.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, had mascot Ollie the Owl snatched from the lounge area of the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month. Incredibly, the wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and even Tunisia despite only going missing a month ago.
Angelique Kerber rallied past Madison Keys to win the Family Circle Cup on Sunday, capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 victory. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
A 19-year-old drug addict and convicted thief is taunting police on Facebook as he spends his fifth day on the run. Joking about the ‘nightmare’ title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences, he wrote on Sunday: ‘Me I’m ur worst “NIGHTMARE”.’ Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest .
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon . I’m just concentrating on now.’ The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's  match against Swansea .
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies . Plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi .
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida. But Jones later told TMZ Sports that he was listening to music before the fight on Friday and put his phone in his shorts.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing,  harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College. Ludwigsen, who has children aged 15 and 12, lives with his family in Ridgewood, New Jersey. The fired coach is being held on $15,000 bail in Rockland County jail and will appear in court on Monday.
Liverpool winger Jordon Ibe in action for Brendan Rodgers' side in the Europa League against Besiktas . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers dishes out the instructions during training on Saturday .
Others receiving Rock Hall honors included Paul Butterfield Blues Band, early soul act The 5 Royales, singer Bill Withers, punk rockers Green Day, Lou Reed, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan.
The grandmother of brain cancer victim Ashya King has criticised police for spending more than £16,000 on the search for him. A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights, £132 on travel and parking, £213 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report to the CPS.
Office space: Daniel Williams, an office worker from Toronto, captured his entire day with a GoPro camera . The video has thus far earned a huge amount of praise from viewers on YouTube, many of whom have been quick to comment about how well Mr Williams has managed to capture the mundane repetition involved in a typical office job.
Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League this month. Veteran Somerset seamer has agreed a deal to become Delhi Daredevils coach in the Indian Premier League .
Torin Lakeman, 19 (left), and brother Jacques, 20 (right), died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web' The brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch Manchester United play a game against Hull at Old Trafford in December last year . Torin's housemate Ethan Bradley said he bought the drugs to 'have a good weekend', and that he would use the drug recreationally, but was not addicted to it.
Radwanska has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round in Stuttgart this week . The post adds that the women 'agreed that as Martina could not commit 100 (percent) to the project then it was not going to work as a long term partnership.'
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul and hit another car coming the other way. Adem Kilic, 31, was left fighting for his life after the Lamborghini swerved across a highway before hitting another car . The driver of the second vehicle was also taken to hospital where he is being treated.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week. The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation's board said on Wednesday night that future donations will only be allowed from the governments of Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom — all nations that previously supported the charity's health, poverty and climate change programs.
Chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at Taronga Zoo . She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who don't seem as eager to snuggle as she is . When she's not napping, Chloe likes to follows her zoo keeper Evelyn Weston around the zoo.
Tim Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy and even thanks the club's board for ending his time at White Hart Lane – as the decision has led to him taking over at Aston Villa. Sherwood believes Mauricio Pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at Tottenham . That's all.'
We can cooperate with the world." "We do not lie," Rouhani said, vowing that Iran will be true to its word, "provided the other parties will implement their own promises."
Tottenham striker Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . Walker was forced off through injury in the second half as Tottenham chased the win against Burnley at Turf Moor .
Ahead of an anticipated run-in, if not a formal meeting, this weekend in at the seventh Summit of the Americas, the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years. Obama and Castro have separate agendas for most of the day, and the White House had said a private meeting was not on the books. other regional leaders on Friday evening and the White House said they could have an unscripted 'interaction' there. A national security adviser to the president told reporters in a Friday update, 'We don't have a formal meeting scheduled at a certain time, but we anticipate they will have a discussion tomorrow.' But the two nations' top diplomats - Secretary of State John . a Panama City hotel on Thursday night, the first meeting of its . The U.S. State Department has now recommended that Cuba be .
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love. 'We came back to New Zealand from the UK in 2009,' Alex told Smoking Tire. So, the couple started building. Ingenuity: The couple started with a steel frame and slowly, project by project, built a home in about a year and a half . They're nearly self-sufficient, too.
Victoria Beckham at the London marathon today . The star wore a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500 .
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race . Crowds are expected to line the banks of the Thames .
The man, 53, had told a Lake County judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local Chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody, where he had served 12 and a half years in prison. The judge decided to let Potchen withdraw his plea and give the 53-year-old a conversion charge that will drop the robbery charge if he stays out of trouble for one year.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted. History of abuse? Crespo has told authorities it was self-defense after he punched their 19-year-old son in the face after he intervened in the couple's argument. Counter claim: Daniel Crespo's brother William (pictured) says his ex sister-in-law's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood .
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . Sally said: 'Miller and I are a team - I needed him with me on my big day. He was malnourished, had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up because he was so weak. Sally trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the British championships.
The U.S. administration on Tuesday unveiled details about its proposal to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025. The United States isn't alone in this global climate effort.
The French Alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between Barcelona to Dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28. Investigation: But Matt Andersson - president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace - says any number of causes could have caused the crash . Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion.
One such explorer, part Indiana Jones, part Magellan, is Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc. Since 1996, he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico, few of which the modern world had known before. But just why so many settlements were simply abandoned, long before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors, remains a mystery to which these long lost sites may provide an answer.
Oblak did a great job,' said Real Madrid boss Ancelotti. Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu next week despite failing to win . Simeone was also impressed with the performance of Real Madrid in the first half, but more so with that of his goalkeeper. Simeone also did not want to put the blame on Sergio Ramos for an incident which saw Mario Mandzukic left with a bloodied face.
An independent panel of concussion experts formed by the Football Association will meet for the first time in May. The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey . With a dominant win over the 36-year-old Machida, he positioned himself to take on the winner of the UFC 187 fight next month between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort. Jacare Souza (right) grapples with Chris Camozzi on his way to victory in the first round .
Kate Upton has one of the best bodies in the world. Kate only eats certain fruits - blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples .
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup. The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches.
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. But now, more than a year on, it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand.
State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the Scot's College university shortcut 'unfair,' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their HSC. Tuition, sporting and curricula fees for Scot's College, one of Sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000 . 'NUS really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it,' Ms Steele said.
Genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of Hillary Clinton and she is in fact linked to a poor Welsh mining family, an expert claimed . Hannah Jones was one of just four children out of 14 born who survived - an indication of the poverty her traditional mining family lived in. 1902 - Hannah Jones eloped to Binghampton to marry Hugh S Rodham.
Ken Clarke has bemoaned the Tories' recent electoral performances, claiming the party has become 'too right-wing' to win an election outright . Mr Clarke, who has served under Margaret Thatcher, John Major and David Cameron, said: 'Most elections I fought the Conservative party had won. 'It's become much too right-wing.
Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. Australian umpire Steve Davis reprimands England's Ben Stokes after he exchanged words with Marlon Samuels . Replays show Devon Smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off Chris Jordan . Samuels finds himself on his back after a bouncer from Stuart Broad, who was criticised for bowling too short on day one .
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million and moving him from 23rd to seventh on the list. While Sam Smith, 22, is a new entry with £12million, placing him on par with Florence Welch, 28, and the pairing of Arctic Monkey’s guitarist Jamie Cook, 29, with his model wife Katie Downes, 30. 1 - Sir Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell £730 million .
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday . But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson (left) has committed his future to the club .
Victory: Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables in the desert . Speaking after completing the race, the veteran explorer, who has raised almost £1million for Marie Curie, said: 'The main thing is this race is not set for old geriatrics like me.
The cousin of Princes William and Harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
The government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their kids . Mr Morrison recently said the rules around welfare payments need to be 'tightened' and that while immunising children against deadly diseases protects the wider society, it should be a prerequisite to receive tax payer money.
Locked up: David Norris, 51, was jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife . David Norris's wife begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack - but he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened. Today he was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
Crowds cheered as Pema Lama, 15, was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu after he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed  an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. Another survivor who was trapped under rubble next to dead bodies for 82 hours has had one of his legs amputated, it was revealed today.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters . Arnold Palmer (right) is unable to play because of a shoulder problem but will be an honorary starter .
Vesely saw off Bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with Spanish veteran Daniel Gimeno-Traver. Second seed Martin Klizan saw off Nicolas Almagro 6-4 7-6 (6/3), meanwhile, denying his Spanish opponent a 250th career win on clay.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old when her video received around three million views . The young girl's work rate is relentless and her ability is staggering in the 40-second long clip . Evnika shows no sign of tiredness as she unleashes a ten-punch combination before returning to her pad work .
Miss Graham told CBS on Wednesday that she 'just lost it' when she saw Michael at Monday's riots carrying a rock and walking towards police officers. She said: 'I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?''' Pastor Jamal Bryant told Inside Edition that Toya was 'Mom of the Century'.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph. Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20am in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and these respond particularly well to olaparib. Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations.
The video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex shows the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. Overhead: As the second jet disappeared from view in the clip, the video camera was knocked sideways . The 41-year-old said that he was ‘as close to the action as you could get’, having gone to the area after hearing on the news that Nato exercises were taking place in the area.
(CNN)Yemeni officials said Saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on Tuesday hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students. He accused Iran of training Yemeni youths to use military aircraft and weapons.
White hot: Tori Spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at Benihana restaurant in LA. 'She questioned if it was absolutely necessary but doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she didn't act right away' Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic (as before)," said Billikopf, a retired university adviser on agricultural issues. The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23, according to CNN Chile.
A survey by social networking and dating site Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex . The most popular filling is American cheese, picked by 41 per cent, followed by cheddar (31 per cent) and, controversially, mozzarella (ten per cent).
Celebrities with a home cinema include the Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich. ‘I’ve installed all the technology — projector, screen, amplifier, speakers and control unit — for less than £10,000,’ says Mrs Rees.
David Lammy, who is standing for London Mayor, said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' in the event of another hung Parliament. Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7 – wiping out any hopes of a Labour majority. Former prime minister John Major will today warn that Britain faces a 'daily dose of blackmail' from the SNP if they have the power to bring down a Labour government.
It was three years ago when Dallas was spotted by Warburton playing part-time on a mud bath for Crusaders back home. ‘When I signed Stuart he was training once a week. Dallas spent three months at Northampton and has returned to prove himself back at Brentford .
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs. A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. On the House side, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said today that he will bring the bill to the floor if the Senate acts on legislation giving Congress the power to review any deal. At the White House, Obama today met with Jewish leaders in a separate attempt to woo their support for the shaky deal that appeared last week to be coming apart at the seams as Iranian leaders indicated that they wouldn't sign an accord unless it included the immediate lifting of nuclear-related sanctions -something the global community has said it cannot and will not agree to.
The Conservative leader set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings at Aston Villa. 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January .
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror. Randy, an attorney, told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day.
War of words: China has criticised the United States over accusations it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands (pictured) on the so-called Mischief Reef in the disputed South China Sea . Agressor: After the American president condemned China for building land masses on disputed territory, its furious leadership claimed it was Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle .
A Hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in New York. The film 50 First Dates starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore has inspired a new dementia experiment taking place at a care home in Riverdale, New York .
Aggravated kidnapping: Faiz Ikramulla, 35 (left), was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter, Aliya (right), in an Illinois trash can . He's jailed in Van Buren County, Michigan, pending extradition proceedings. A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights. She was crying and waving her hands.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing. Big-hearted host Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant, 'Congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car! The game is over, folks.'
The iconic Rosie the Riveter poster girl who became a symbol of feminist power for the millions of hard working women who worked on the home front during World War II has died.
Beautiful: Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend . Forecaster Marco Petagna said there could be a chance of hail or thunderstorms in the south over the weekend.
Bayern Munich were in high spirits after they restored their lead at the top of the Bundesliga back to 10 points. Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday as Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power while interviewing applicants by raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces. Mee, who has served in war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan, denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Garissa, Kenya (CNN)Freshly laundered clothes still hang Friday in the dormitory at Garissa University College. Shattered glass and shell casings littered the floor.
(CNN)South America's Atacama Desert, one of the driest places on Earth, resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. Andres Figueroa is a Chilean photographer.
Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands. The Government abolished the paper tax disc (pictured) last autumn . The DVLA was accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour yesterday after figures showed its use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to 8,630 last month.
The hunt for missing flight MH370 will be extended, with government officials from Australia, China and Malaysia deciding to double the search area. The news came weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the Maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed more than 5,000 kilometres away from the official search led by Australian authorities.
Shot dead: Leaj Jarvis Price (right), a nursing student, was allegedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband, Eric Heath Price (pictured, left, kissing Mrs Price) in an Alabama doctor's office on Monday . Price then had a stand-off with police . Court records show that the couple had been in a long-running custody battle over their son, who was at school at the time of the shooting and features in many of Mrs Price's Facebook photos.
The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and Atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer.
The 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the Mrs Merton Show and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. Today Travis was told he will be awarded more than £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court, as well as a further £630 for hotel stays while he was on trial.
Date: Audrey Bolte (pictured left at the Miss USA pageant in 2012 and right as winner of Miss Ohio 2012) in  was supposed to meet Ryan Poston on the night he was shot by his girlfriend . Prosecutors allege that Hubers shot Poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her. Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
The senior Islamic State commander linked to the Anzac Day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. 'You must start attacking before they attack you,' the 23-year-old said. I ask you brothers, when are you going rise up and attack them'.
The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV. Just six months earlier, comedian Roseanne Barr may have established the low-water mark.
That is after Crystal Palace, managed by Alan Pardew, beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night, the English manager's ninth win  in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle at the end of December. His former club have since plummeted in the Premier League while Palace now find themselves threatening the top half, and combining his records at both clubs this season would see 'Team Pardew' sit in eighth place, just five points behind Southampton.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this – and now, at last, she was face to face with a former SS man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at Auschwitz. Eva Kor and her twin sister Miriam were among the 1,500 twins (amounting to 3,000 children) Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in Auschwitz . SS Sergeant Oskar Groening is  on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp .
Fund manager Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38. Nicola Horlick, 54, whoraised six children while working in the City, says women should have babies early .
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as 'swindlers' from the  Spanish dictionary. Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy, which produces the definitive dictionary.
That included at least 17 people killed, dozens injured and many others missing, he said. But concerns were growing for the groups of climbers stuck farther up the 29,035-foot (8,848-meter) mountain in Camps 1 and 2. People at the base camp described a grim, chaotic situation after the avalanches Saturday.
And it lost "an unselfish angel." "Lauren Hill did that." "Lauren achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy, and her beautiful spirit will continue to live on," he said in a statement.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan finishes at Southampton, according to the Spanish club's sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero.
Mila Kunis is being sued by a Ukrainian wannabe singer who claims the Hollywood actress 'stole her pet chicken' as children. Bizzare lawsuit: Wannabe singer Kristina Karo  claims the theft of her pet chicken as a child in Ukraine traumatised her, and is now suing 'thief' Mila Kunis for $5,000 .
Andre-Pierre Gignac gets up above Marquinhos to power home the opening goal for Marseille after half an hour . Blaise Matuidi is congratulated by his team-mates after bringing PSG level with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box . Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, as PSG went ahead for the first time in the game .
Just 13 and in the grip of a terrifying obsession surviving on just one piece of fruit a day, anorexic schoolgirl Laura Scurr's body started to shut down. Laura Scurr, 15, has spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero after, having becoming obsessed with her own weight, she developed anorexia .
Joko Widodo's chief political rival reportedly promised to publicly support the Indonesian president if he granted clemency to Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved .
New kind of pressure: Former model Jennifer Sky, pictured in 2013 (R) and 2003 (L), has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags, so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight . France recently passed a law banning models from the catwalk if their body mass index is too low .
Wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery and midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined. Guardiola had only 14 healthy players at Friday's practice.
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday . Orden Williams Jr. (above) ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens . Police arrested Joe Brittman (above) Wednesday .
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints . We believe in you!' However, social media users reacted with horror when they first saw the game on the internet. Others claimed the game further stigmatised people suffering from a mental illness.
orders were 'great.' Apple CEO Tim Cook showed off his personal Apple Watch to customers at an Apple Store in Palo Alto.
Kerry Hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children. She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma, so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar, which is near the border with Syrian Kurdistan, and fled the ISIS assault there back in August.
Mr Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament, while Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes. First Great Western . Biggest hike: Passengers travelling with the rail firm between London and the Cotswolds could face increases of up to 87 per cent come May 17 .
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. After the raccoon's discovery, animal control officers were called out.
Farmers say the seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of Scotland and northern England, but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish. Figures from the Scottish government show that 205 seals were legally killed in Scottish waters last year by farmers, fishermen and angling firms. Activists have called on consumers to more careful about buying Scottish salmon in supermarkets and fishmongers, encouraging them to investigate the origins of their fish.
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Second World War veteran Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London. This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care. A donations page set up by the forces charity Help for Heroes has already raised £10,000 to help Mr Clark remain in his own home . 'He deserves to be able to stay in his own home.'
Boko Haram fighters  have been murdering dozens of young women and girls they had taken as 'wives' and using children as 'expendable cannon fodder', the U.N.'s human rights chief said today.
The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas showed his softer side by comforting a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot during his side's emphatic 9-1 win over Granada. Casillas handed the supporter his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval after previously making sure the injured fan was OK.
Manny Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Floyd Mayweather now than he did in 2010, claims his trainer Freddie Roach. But after half a decade of speculation, the pair will finally go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2 - and Roach believes his man will have the advantage at the MGM Grand. Pacquiao is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010, according to his trainer Roach .
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a 'significant customer presence'. And some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster. But there are the coastal towns who wouldn't have the time to evacuate on foot, no matter how fast they walk or run, according to the analysis, conducted by the US Geological Survey, the University of Colorado, Boulder and California State University, Sacramento.
Little Matilda Fitt (left) - who played baby Julia Poldark in the BBC drama (right) - was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz . Matilda was chosen to play to Julie, who in the TV show died from putrid throat, because of her small size.
The relationship between the FA and Premier League — never great at the best of times — has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on Saturday. But both viewing figures would have been higher had they not coincided. Luke Shaw was in impressive form at Stamford Bridge, and he might owe his form to a change in diet . Alastair Cook seems unable to get past the continuing rumours about an England return for Kevin Pietersen .
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986. Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery (above) visited Johnson on Thursday and shortly after the visit, she passed away . Johnson actually lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her Chiefs season tickets, according to KCTV5. The ailing mother-of-five daughters had been in hospice care since April 7, and her health had been deteriorating after breaking her hip in February.
George Osborne has revealed he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark – and confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza. He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged the makers of Poldark and other series to choose the UK. The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain' and particularly Cornwall .
The church is the only remaining evidence of the settlement of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents were forced to leave in the 1960s . Named after the patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water .
Diego de Girolamo (right) is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season when his contract expires . Despite the offers from glamour clubs, De Girolamo is on loan at Northampton Town.
Dani Alves (from left), Adriano and Neymar were delighted with their hard-fought victory over Celta Vigo . Jeremy Mathieu (centre) admits his side were poor throughout the match and blamed the internationals . The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique for his impressive display against a tough opposition.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst .
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. We recorded each song in one take. Unfortunately, the unique recording was lost following the Queen Mother's death in 2002 at the age of 101.
The lioness locks its teeth on the giraffe's leg, the animal already visibly wounded . Brent Stapelkamp, a 37-year-old researcher, saw the dramatic tussle in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe. The lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in.
Listeria concerns have led to thousands of Classic Hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall, Sabra Dipping Co. said Monday . Sabra Dipping Co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores.
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. Father Christopher Jamison, director of the National Office for Vocation of England and Wales, said: ‘There is a gap in the market for meaning in our culture.
Just new ways for people to validate apathy and explain away racism.
A man  with bandages wrapped around his face stormed into a bank in a coastal town before fleeing with a 'significant' amount of cash in a bizarre robbery, police have revealed. Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
Former captain of the fictional Star Trek Enterprise, William Shatner (pictured) has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News. He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem .
More than 1,700 Chinese students (pictured) took the exam in a playground at a high school in Yichuan, Shaanxi province on Saturday . The school said  that sitting the exam outside could be a test of the students' organizing capacity as they set up the exam themselves .
Grounded or not grounded? Under legal pressure, the Obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the U.S. Last fall, there were about 64,000 people on the no-fly list, according to the government. Typically, less than 5 per cent of those on the list are Americans. The list fluctuates in size.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions, she wrote in her new book And The Good News Is: Lessons And Advice From The Bright Side. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' Perino wrote in an excerpt published by The Daily Signal. 'And I don't blame her a bit.'
The Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear . Defeat was greeted with fury by frustrated fans who have now seen Sunderland take 17 of the 21 points on offer in the last seven derby encounters.
"Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping's team has taken on dissent, information control and challenges to the Party," he added. Beijing police detained Gao in late April of last year -- ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown -- and state broadcaster CCTV soon aired her "confession" on national television.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson (above with James Dean and Elizabeth Taylor on the set of Giant) Hudson  was briefly married to Phyllis Gates (wedding photo above) from 1955 to 1958 . Garlington says he would sneak over to the Hudson's house (above with friend Doris Day) after work, and leave first thing in the morning . As for social events, he says the two would just each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating.
Spanish midfielder Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid . The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City, and chose the Spanish giants . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco during their time at Malaga .
A gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at California gas station early on Saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire. Hot case: The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident at the LA 76 station as an arson .
Jordan Meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator's barriers at the London Marathon . His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture and stands back in shock as Jordan beams up at her. The video, which was uploaded to Facebook, has been viewed almost 25,000 times and has received a number of positive comments.
Jodie Taylor celebrates following her opening minute strike against China in Manchester . Shanshan Wang races away to celebrate after she pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute .
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years for punching his former friend in a betting shop. He was taken to hospital with a skull fracture and bleed on the brain and had to remain in intensive care for 16 days. Hutchinson admitted causing grievous bodily harm and the court heard that he had a caution for a similar offence in 2005 and assault convictions, but no violence for a decade.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. Dave King (centre) will have to convince the SFA that he is suitable to become the next Rangers chairman .
Still, he was a big deal. Farouq -- an American -- died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, according to the White House. American mouthpiece for al Qaeda killed .
Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province in central China. Tragic: Two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last October, causing public outcry . All students must get up at 5:30 and study 10 hours a day.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer (pictured left) and another for iOS software power systems engineer (pictured right) The job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider and include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer.
Imagine if Raheem Sterling had actually done something wrong. He has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable. He gave an interview to the BBC that he had not cleared with the club. We talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street. Clubs generally have very little loyalty to players. They treat them as commodities. I hope Sterling stays at Liverpool but if he asks for time to think before he commits himself, it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal . Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up .
Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for Good Morning Britain's initiative, which launched today, as well as male contenders including Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley. According to a survey conducted by the ITV breakfast show, women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media. Former TOWIE star Lydia Rose Bright, 25, looked radiant in her unfiltered snap .
Alexandra Harra, 28, who now lives in Miami, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. Scroll down for video . With her dyed black hair, she now lays claim to the title of the Romanian Kim Kardashian.
This Easter weekend, Australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday. For those splurging on luxurious lobster at their Easter lunch, the drinks will need to stand up to the decadent meaty seafood.
Eden Hazard celebrates scoring the winner against Manchester United as Chelsea close in on the title . Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes (right) believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger fields questions from the media at Thursday's press conference . Our story claimed that the Premier League convinced its clubs to cooperate with the move in order to keep up with the ever-changing technological landscape. The April Fools' gag revolved around Arsenal captain Mertesacker giving a live team talk this weekend .
29-year-old Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday, while talking to his wife in India. Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one in the high street will be disappointed. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic. The Falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300lb (1,950 kg) of food, clothing and science experiments to the ISS - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts. The delivery of food and equipment will arrive Friday .
His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up. AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career .
Len Barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea. It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant. And when gastroenterologist Chris Wells raised the issue of finding a suitable donor, Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie stepped in.
Having safely secured his third grand prix win of the season for Mercedes in Bahrain on Sunday, the big cheese of Formula One will be big brother for a while. Lewis Hamilton’s younger sibling Nicolas, who suffers from cerebral palsy, is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn. Meanwhile Muyran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were executed on Wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia back in 2005 . The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves with Chan now an ordained Christian minister and Sukumaran being an accomplished artist. 'In all cases the outcome in terms of punishment should reflect the seriousness of the crime.' She was sentenced alongside her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer for killing her mother and stuffing her half-naked body in a suitcase at their Bali hotel.
The problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale. It has been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow a single almond.
Somalia-based Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in February.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. Some scientists are concerned about silver building up in river basins, as well as legal uncertainties over who should get the additional water.
Ryanair took to Twitter for a cheeky promotional photo in Terminal 2 in Dublin  - where Aer Lingus fly out from . Ryanair have been accused by rivals Aer LIngus of getting their customers 'nearly' to central locations .
Compared to the capital, and the regions west of Kathmandu and closer to the epicenter, the people here were relatively lucky. Out of necessity people are back working their fields. Elsewhere in Ravi Opi, other unfortunate families count the cost of the disaster.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young children have reportedly been arrested in Ankara, Turkey. But earlier today, the Mail revealed how Malik was pictured waving a flag in support of ISIS at a demonstration in London last year. Earlier today Ms Kiran's family made an emotional appeal directly to her, urging her to get in touch so that they know the family is safe.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive. But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
When Jade Walters loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride, she didn't realise she would never see him again. Miss Walters, 21, was horrified to discover that the family looking after Magic had sold him at auction for just £200.
The injured are not from the town of Gorkha, which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges.
A new survey by Ripley's Believe It Or Not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family. David Beckham was voted number one choice for Dad . Holly Willoughby was voted the person that we would most like to have as our mother . Adele . Rhianna .
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the Summit of the Americas. And for the first time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join. Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama, arriving with more than 100 government officials, diplomats, small business people and artists.
Tom O’Carroll, a former Open University information officer and formerly a key activist for PIE, attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25 to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation. PIE was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the National Council for Civil Liberties (NCCL).
Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out, such as this £32 Cath Kidston  tank top... and there's no doubt that his little brother or sister will do the same . such example is the Les Petites Abeilles romper suit he wore on his arrival in . Sydney - a similar design totally sold out immediately and then had a shipping time of two months. The George effect is due to him wearing clothes that are not designer labels but are wearable, affordable, on-trend colours and perfect for the royal spotlight. Here's to a fashionable future for baby number two!
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday . After finishing third on Box Office in last-ever race, McCoy was reduced to tears at Sandown Park . McCoy was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright - McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic . McCoy finished third on Mr Mole in his penultimate race as retirement beckons .
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award after impressing for an in-form Leicester City side in March. Panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty, and is looking to make an impression under Nigel Pearson at the King Power Stadium. Sportsmail held an exclusive Q&A with the forward after he found out about the accolade.
Astonishingly, the 15-year-old girl, who was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning, suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital. Police have already spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations.
'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!! But we were horrified that such a nimby (Not In My Backyard) culture existed in Cammeray. They park up your a***, sometimes taking up 2 spots.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer. A TSA official tells CNN that Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and didn't engage in public security screening.
With smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free. Just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames .
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job. Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood (centre) showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old Charlie Pye . The youngster applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked but was pipped to the post by Sherwood .
Sepang - Malaysian Grand Prix . The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since. Hide and seek Formula One style? The trophies piled up for Mercedes last year and the Shanghai result reflected the story of the championship as Lewis Hamilton kept Nico Rosberg at arm's length to lead home a one-two triumph for the team in the Chinese Grand Prix .
The tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. It is said to be haunted by some of its former residents, but is now set to boom once again and become a new tourist mecca. It stressed there was no electricity or plumbing. The following day, the U.S. Bureau of Land Management's office in Missoula was inundated with calls and emails. 'Late at evening, the spirits of Garnet arrive out to enjoy in the moonlight,' Baumler wrote.
Stephanie Scott (right), pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was last seen on Easter Sunday . A police forensic officer carried evidence from his home after Stanford was charged with murder . This follows after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Ms Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body around 5pm on Friday after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by  Stanford's mother and brother.
Michael Bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight after beating CB Dollaway on points in Montreal. All three judges gave him the nod by a score of 29-28.
As the Champions League quarter-finals are settled this week, players from Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United will watch on with jealousy at a number of their former team-mates still involved. There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight. Spanning just over a year, the models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015, with five recalls in only four months .
'Over a month ago, a player from Rajasthan Royals was approached inappropriately by a player (who was not part of the IPL) in connection with the Indian Premier League 2015 matches,' Rajasthan CEO Raghu Iyer said in a statement.
An Air Force veteran and former Playboy model was arrested for taking an American flag from campus protesters who were trampling on it. Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University, Georgia, and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators. Scroll down for video . She was later demoted, and ultimately left the Air Force.
Sian Lloyd enjoys a glass of Clare Valley riesling at Skillogalee Winery north of Adelaide in South Australia . I've had a thing about cycling the Clare Valley Riesling Trail for some time. The unique mining town of Kalgoorlie is  home to Australia's biggest over-cast gold mine . And then there are vineyards... We fell in love with Margaret River.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach. 'It was always a big dream of mine to work in the South African cricket environment after my playing days, and I was incredibly honoured to be given the opportunity.
Nairobi (CNN)An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi, Kenya, to Garissa, where Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2, according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation. Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school. All four Al-Shabaab attackers were killed.
The Air Malta passenger jet took the unusual flight path, pictured, to celebrate the wedding of two of its crew . The special flight was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew. 'I think it was a very romantic flight.
Paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John after the family of four fell ill. "Our preliminary results do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying," said Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman. The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings, the parent company of Terminix.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans –  including pregnant women and babies – who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days. Their plight emerged as South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes.
by John Frost . As they riffle through travellers’ bags, Frost and his team frequently detect drugs: socks impregnated with heroin, cannabis resin in shoes, soup cans or barrels of bitumen. Here, Frost had to serve alongside MI5 and MI6.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. A 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness, arthritis and heart problems, but the mind of a 10 year old. But Hayley defied the odds to live four more years .
Killed: Larry Tipton, left,  fatally shot his ex-girlfriend, 21-year-old Rebecca Eldemire, right, before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning . She was shot at 'intermediate' range, the report says--meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank. Investigators noted that they found no signs of struggle, the Enquirer reports. Together: Eldemire, who started dating Lipton in 2012, had called police to her apartment the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived. Scene: The next morning, her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police .
Chelsea supporters are being invited to take part in a protest photo aimed at improving the rights and welfare of construction workers building the stadiums for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Photo protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday ahead of Manchester United game .
When POMC neurons are absent, or not working correctly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. The latest research show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the POMC cells aren't working.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy when she visited her GP for treatment for a water infection. But she was stunned upon her return to class in Lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the ‘unauthorised absence’. It’s disgusting really.’ The school claimed the detention was to give Courtney the best chance possible of doing well in her exams in the summer.
When Aaron got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant. Aaron checked his eBay profile and found Viseu had sold 118 items in the previous few months, including Ray-Ban sunglasses and expensive Skullcandy headphones. 'He admitted he worked for Ryanair and had taken my camera. Begging: Viseu begs teacher Aaron not to report him to police and offers to return the camera .
West Ham have been dealt a blow by the news that Diafra Sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. The 25-year-old striker came off after 58 minutes of Saturday's 1-1 draw at home to Stoke with a thigh strain.
It was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in northern Germany . British soldiers took over the camp on April 15, 1945 . British soldiers freed around 60,000 prisoners but discovered tens of thousands of bodies of people who had died from extreme overcrowding, disease and starvation.
Pochettino (centre) decided to leave Southampton in order to take up the reins at Tottenham in the summer . The former Southampton boss admits he could be jeered on his return to St Mary's at the weekend .
The charges were brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria, whose body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London, on April 7. Leslie Cooper, 36, from Brent in north west London, has already appeared at the Old Bailey last week charged with Mr Arwani's murder.
Campaigners against the new Protein World 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' The removal of the posters comes as a protest organised against Protein World in Hyde Park on May 2 gathers steam - hundreds of people are expected to attend the rally in central London.
Officers searched the An Noor community centre in west London last night after a businessman appeared in court charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani, and another man was arrested over his death. Last night the Metropolitan Police revealed that they had arrested a 61-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder, after Leslie Cooper, 36 appeared at Camberwell Magistrates' Court yesterday.
A map shows where the extension of the Qinghai-Tibet railway could be built - under Mount Everest . But India has struggled to compete with China's financial strength.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon. Then one suspect returns. The boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face. Police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old .
The outspoken Rochdale candidate said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home. It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey – including the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale. The family – including Councillor Shakil Ahmed's son Waheed, his cousins, aunt and four children – are expected return to the UK from Turkey this week. Mr Danczuk said they were not welcome back in Rochdale .
While protests about Islam infiltrating Australia have dominated the media, Ms Msimang said she started to recognise a systematic approach to 'assimilate’ and 'eradicate' Australia’s Indigenous heritage, simply by denying that Aboriginal Australian's have different needs than white Australians. Ms Msimang slammed Prime Minster Tony Abbott for his 'out of touch' comments that claim Australia could no longer ‘subsidize lifestyle choices if those lifestyle choices are not conducive to the kind of full participation in Australian society that everyone should have.’ She condemned the federal government’s plans to cut funding for ‘remote’ communities in June this year that could lead to the closure of around 150 rural communities predominately populated by Aboriginals. Ms Msimng thinks we need to start thinking about reconciliation in a more 'balanced' way that accurately recognises history and difference.
The baby elephant stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor with its trunk .
And on Tuesday night, Kenyans remembered them as innocent victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation and left communities heartbroken. The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people, mostly students.
It is a decade to the day  that Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan's lives were changed forever after being arrested  for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation. The talented artist's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters. Meanwhile, the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates.
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool deal despite being offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay with the Merseyside club.
Before the Los Angeles-based company's founder and former CEO Dov Charney was ousted in December following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits, the retailer had a history of using boundary-pushing, sexually provocative ads featuring fresh-faced girls to sell its clothing.
Now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8. The three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a late in Melbourne have been laid to rest . Mourners wept and clung on to each other as the tiny white coffins were wheeled into the church . Ms Guode, who was driving, was interviewed after the crash but was released without charge.
Serena Williams strikes a pose next to her cake after recording her 700th career victory . Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets on Wednesday to progress to the semi-finals of the Miami Open .
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . To locate a lost phone, sign into a Google account on Chrome and type 'find my phone' into the search engine. The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. She had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy. Evidence: James Ramirez (left), husband of Miss Nelson, leaves Southwark Coroner's Court today .
Back in the sky: This iconic Mark 1 plane was among the first built in March 1940, but Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed over Dunkirk in May 1940. The plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years . During Spitfire P9374's service with 92 Squadron it is known to have been flown by at least eight different pilots, and was almost certainly flown by the squadron's commanding officer Squadron Leader Roger Bushell, later 'Big X' of the Great Escape fame. 'It was a special project for me to be involved in.'
Alaba, out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee, was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia on Tuesday.
Players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white. He said that there are 50 levels in None* but just 10 per cent of players have completed the game. ‘This is the first episode and if you solve all 50 levels you can subscribe for the release of Episode 2 — probably this summer,’ he added.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start 'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system caused by immigration . In an interview today Mrs Morgan admitted it is a 'big issue' for voters and revealed she has asked the Department for Education to examine the impact on schools.
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray will be sold to the highest bidder if Castres are relegated from the Top 14. Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should Castres Olympique go down .
Welsh international Elliot Kear is back in rugby league after signing for Championship club London Broncos. Kear moved to Premiership Rugby from Bradford and returns for the Broncos under Andrew Henderson .
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
Sergiu Bus celebrates putting Sheffield Wednesday ahead against Huddersfield .
Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years with the club . Eventually he spoke to new United boss Louis Van Gaal, who confirmed that he wasn't part of his first-team plans and so he headed back on a season-long loan deal to Palace, where he flourished under Alan Pardew, and the deal was made permanent in February this year.
Ronda Blaylock (above) was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . This after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man (above) after school in Rural Hall, North Carolina . Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson (above) said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to getting him .
The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will certainly be out for several months . Koeman said he will wait for further updates on Forster's condition before making the decision . Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season .
Experts fear millions of two-inch-long Asian hornets (above) could be heading to Britain after leaving six people dead and terrorising wildlife in France . Ministers drew up battle plans in case killer Asian hornets are discovered in Britain last year.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - either with the involvement of his 42-year-old ex or without her. Loeb and Vergara created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013 and they remain frozen at a Beverly Hills clinic. Vergara, TV's highest paid actress and one of Hollywood's hottest stars, denies that she wants to destroy the embryos - but says she has no desire to have children with her ex-fiancé, either.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Head teacher Peter Gale been sacked for 'inappropriate' and 'unprofessional' behaviour . Peter Gale was fired from his position at high-performing Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey, due to 'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures.
McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding Shutthefrontdoor in the £1million Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on  April 11, but everything points to him doing so. Shutthefrontdoor, pictured with O'Neill (right) is the favourite for the race on April 11 .
The Wave, Arizona . Svinafellsjokull glacier, Iceland . Fairy Chimneys, Turkey . Another theory is the distinctive feature of the World Heritage Listed area were formed first by layers from rock developed over time courtesy of volcanic eruptions, and then erosion. Grand Prismatic Spring, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming . It looks like a bubbling volcano ready to blow but Grand Prismatic Spring is in fact the third largest hot spring in the world . Zhangye Danxia Landform, China .
To add a sun-kissed glow to your locks, simply squeeze lemon juice onto your strands before sitting in the sun . Naturally highlight your hair . Soothe sunburns with aloe vera ice cubes . Iced black and green tea can also be used for sunburn relief.
Lee Cattermole trains with Sunderland on the Friday before the Wear-Tyne derby . Massadio Haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season . Haidara will join fellow defenders Steven Taylor (achilles), Paul Dummett (knee) and midfielders Cheick Tiote (also knee) and Siem de Jong (collapsed lung) on the sidelines. Newcastle 9/5 .
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007 . Two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson is part of a Bible Group on the PGA Tour . Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Religion at a sporting event becomes a topic only when it is someone else's religion.
The energy it then creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas. However, Dr Quarterman has acknowledged you 'might possibly have to worry a bit about who is in control' of his satellites.
The robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body. JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
Rome (CNN)A destination for the destitute, Sicily is the "promised land" for thousands of migrants and refugees making the desperate journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast. By the end of the year, more than 174,000 people had been rescued in Italy; an estimated 3,072 people died making the journey, according to the IOM.
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott. 'Tasteless decision by the social marketing team,' another said. Ms Scott was due to marry her partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .
Swansea manager Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday - pick up some points after an international break. Monk's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season and are currently in eighth place with the club's best Barclays Premier League points total in sight.
The families of five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' have issued a plea to authorities for their release. The five women - Li Tingting, 25, Wei Tingting, 26, Wang Man, 32, Zheng Churan, 25, and Wu Rongrong, 30 - have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets in China. protest with Washington after U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and .
But all is not lost for the co-creator of Death Row Records, who believes his close friend, the champion boxer Floyd Mayweather, will come to his aid this weekend. Mayweather, an undefeated professional worth $420 million, is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on Saturday. Appearing distressed, Knight then had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair.
Kevin Bowes lost several teeth, had four 'avoidable' root canal treatments and five 'avoidable' crowns fitted at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire. 'I was devastated, I had no idea my teeth were in such a bad condition.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. Back in his days as governor of Illinois, Blagojevich was famed for his boot polish black hair . While he continues to awaiting word on a last-ditch appeal, Blagojevich has daily contact with his family and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates, his attorney said.
Homosexuality is illegal. Many come to Turkey, and the small town of Denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran who are now in limbo. Photographer Laurence Rasti, the Swiss-born daughter of Iranian parents, flew from her home in Geneva, to Denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. Then this week as he launched Labour campaign billboards in Nuneaton, he spoke from behind a lectern, even though he was in the middle of a cricket pitch. The constant use of the lectern is thought to be part of a strategy to make Mr Miliband look more like a man who could be prime minister. Mr Miliband has hired a 'leadership consultancy' firm which coaches people to look 'authentic' and cope with anxiety .
He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. The San Francisco-based tech company, which offers ‘customer relationship management’ to other companies, has a total 2,000 employees in the state. Change: Benioff tweeted Friday in response to Indiana lawmakers saying Friday morning they had amended the already-in-effect law, clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' Benioff's announcement follows one made by Apple CEO Tim Cook.
Shuttered: Memories Pizza in Indiana, whose owners Crystal and Kevin O'Connor (pictured) said they would refuse to cater a gay wedding, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online . However, it is not all bad news for Memories, as supporters have hit back, raising more than $440,000 for the embattled owners via a fundraising page in just one day.
Teresa James, 40 (pictured), believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . Lisa Arbiter, 33, has been bulk-buying high-strength bleach from America to whiten her teeth every month for the past 13 years.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell, unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 Nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers. The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest. That's 136 more than last year. Several mountaineers are also returning this year.
Hugh Roche Kelly, who was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning, posted the account on his Twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the 'tense vibe' by his actions. Andreas Lubitz, the Germanwings co-pilot who deliberately brought down Flight 4U9525 last week . The second has now confirmed he intended to crash it .
While Amnesty International says her killing in the holy Islamic city of Media this morning 'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'. The domestic worker was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death. Executed: Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia executed domestic worker Siti Zainab without notifying the country's officials or her family .
They say the procedure should only be carried out when ‘medically necessary’ because it can lead to infections and even death. Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s .
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich, near Bolton. The picture of Mr Trousedale and the pensioner has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people. Christian said he was 'blown away' by the reaction to an act of kindness that was 'just something I would normally do'.
The airline's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the March 24 crash in the French Alps which killed all 150 people on board. Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned, a police spokesman in Hoexter has said. Probe: Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy .
Southampton are five points behind Man City . Koeman is certainly not taking the run-in lightly and the trip to the Britannia Stadium will be an interesting test for Southampton's players at this stage.
In a court report submitted last month, mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers. Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010 . In 2010 Wang was originally ruled incompetent, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. When a second competency evaluation was ordered earlier this year after Chief Public Defender Thomas J. Ullmann filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
President Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop to the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica last night while on a visit to the country for a meeting with Caribbean leaders. Obama thanked the guide for a wonderful tour and told her he still owns all of Bob Marley's albums . As the first U.S. president to visit Kingston since Ronald Reagan in 1982, Obama faces the challenge of convincing Caribbean island leaders that Washington is genuinely re-engaging after a long period of perceived neglect of its smaller, poorer neighbors.
Ben Stokes was denied the wicket of Jermaine Blackwood after overstepping the crease .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his mega-fight preparations . It is now less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas for what is being dubbed as the richest fight in boxing history.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police solely due to his race, the employment tribunal ruled. Wiltshire Police Chief Constable Patrick Geenty, pictured, said he was 'concerned' by the findings .
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid, and insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine. Unfortunately, Zeke appears not to have realized that the U.S. Constitution prohibits anybody from holding the presidency until they are 35.
An assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight when it gets hot, tests claim. In service: The weapon is used by police forces across the UK. In the German report, experts tested 304 rifles – including the short-barrelled version – and found none passed precision tests.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month and Oyston still faces a ban from football activities. Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston has decided to contest his FA charge for allegedly abusive text messages . Oyston - who has been the constant target of fan protests over the course of the Seasiders’ worst season for decades - is also looking at a hefty fine and mandatory four-hour FA education course.
The Deputy Prime Minister was met by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London, who chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free'. 'I find it socially and morally unacceptable, but also economically a disaster.'
An Indian man rescued from Wellington Harbour by two brave girls teenage girls has died in New Zealand. Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify the man . Mr Palani, a 26-year-old student from India, was known to a New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name. Cousins Kelly McKay, 15 (left), and Payge Olds, 16 (right) risked their own lives on Monday night when they attempted to save a drowning man in Wellington Harbour . After eight minutes, the group got the man back to shore and 15-year-old Kelly McKay began performing CPR until paramedics arrived and took over.
The FA Cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years - and now it is taking an actual rollercoaster ride. The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-finals at Wembley, nestled in between an Arsenal fan and Reading supporter. Victory for the current holders could prove to be a good omen.
Cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . The findings by Seafish and the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) did reveal however that one in nine fisheries operate sustainably, with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management .
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns. Stones has moved across from right back into the centre of defence for Everton and has flourished . Chambers (right) has played at right back, centre-back and midfield for Arsenal during the season .
Three's company: Rebecca and husband Harry settle in at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah . The staff went out of their way to be helpful. What's for sure is that it really made me appreciate a holiday like the one in Dubai.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a University of Virginia student named Jackie. In the story, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago. Following that, sources tell CNN that Erdely will release an apologetic statement and Rolling Stone will take the story down from their website.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis. In another recent Facebook post, the Australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg who also suffers from MS . 'But we don't actually know if her condition is cured so it's hard to advocate on because there's no scientific evidence to back this up.'
Washington (CNN)President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. His comments to The New York Times, published on Sunday, come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique has urged his side to switch their attention back to the La Liga title race . They beat Barcelona at home and we need to focus on this match in order to win it.'
(CNN)Three Orthodox rabbis accused of planning and participating in the torture of Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives were convicted Tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping. Lawyers for each of the rabbis told CNN they plan on appealing the convictions.
Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer that cut short the life of a coach in his prime. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. As Jason's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver, he emits loud cries of pain . Traditionally, ganglions would be 'bashed with the family bible', but doctors do not advise this . 'A ganglion is a fluid-filled sack.
Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes and join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season . Smith, who was in charge of the Rhinos when Sinfield lifted the first of their six Super League titles in 2003, says he is sad to see his former skipper swap codes.
Ronald Butcher, a 'private and quiet man', bequeathed his entire £500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013. After the pensioner died at home in Enfield, north London aged 75, his body was not discovered for almost two months, the High Court heard. Mr Butcher knew what he was doing when he made the 2013 will and what its effect would be. They know it, but I don't.
Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, authorities said. "We are stunned! Shocked! Ludlow said on the church's Facebook page.
"The Cold War has been over for a long time," Obama said during opening remarks at the summit Saturday. The long history between the U.S. and Cuba .
Lisa clinched the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia in 2009 when she had 12,113 items, but that hasn't stopped her from collecting more. Lisa spends seven hours a week on the internet browsing for new Pokemon releases to buy and trade, she also visits car-boot sales  hunting for rare memorabilia to add to her collection.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet on Deansgate, Manchester, with her daughter, Dennon, and her daughter's friend. When I came back up my daughter just blurted out saying "mum, I've had alcohol".' The restaurant admitted to the mishap but blamed Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter and a friend unattended and going outside for a cigarette .
(CNN)Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See," a novel centered on the World War II bombing of St.-Malo, France, and two characters on opposite sides of the war, won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction Monday. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" won the Pulitzer for general nonfiction.
Hull City are keen on signing Leeds United midfielder Alex Mowatt. The 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals and has drawn admiring glances from several Premier League clubs.
Father-of-one Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision. Horvath said working at the Disney attraction was Terry's 'dream job.' His brother, Adam, was also a race car driver. Tragic: Gary Terry, 36, died and his driver was hospitalized after their Lamborghini crashed at Disney world . The Exotic Driving Experience attraction lets racing fans be drivers or passengers in luxurious cars such as Lamborghinis, Porsches or Ferraris .
It found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham following row with John Carver . Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle despite seven years at the club .
Rolling Stone's egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
Wladimir Klitschko  goes up against Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night .
On Friday, ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple, who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20.
Liverpool starlet Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg during his loan spell at Brighton. Liverpool youngster Joao Teixeira broke his leg while playing in Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield .
After dismissing Ramdin, Anderson celebrates his 384th Test wicket to break Botham's record . The England team form a huddle prior to the fifth day of the first Test against West Indies on Friday . Holder leaves the field of play following his superb performance on day five against Cook's side . Anderson celebrates after equalling Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets . Quite an achievement. 'James Anderson- take a bow!
Lizzi Crawford dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant . Lizzi piled on the pounds thanks to a boozy lifestyle and diet of takeaways, pizzas and kebabs . Incredibly, she achieved her goal despite suffering the set-back of being diagnosed with cervical cancer in October 2012.
But Henderson urged his team not to give up on the top-four race with seven games to play, and to bounce back immediately on Wednesday night when they take on Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter-final replay.
Tigers boss Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they don't beat the drop . Hull City currently lie in 17th place but have a daunting run-in to survive in the Premier League . Bruce hopes Mo Diame (centre) will recover from a training knock to face Crystal Palace at the weekend .
Andy Flower, England team director who guided sides to three Ashes triumphs and the world No 1 spot, will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of England cricket. Former England captain Andrew Strauss is a front-runner to becoming director of England Cricket .
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25pm to assist.
A man who shot himself in the head while waiting in a Las Vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper explaining his shocking public suicide. In the angry and emotional package delivered to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Monday, John Noble, 53, said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the M Resort's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013. Revoked: This the Biggest Winner free buffet ticket that was taken away from Noble after he allegedly harassed female members of staff at the M Resort after the death of his mother .
Months later his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river, too damaged to read.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon would prefer a Tory General Election victory .
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. As of Monday, he was listed in critical but stable condition.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist, Cork circuit criminal court heard. The 35-year-old window cleaner, from Bradford, was one of three Brits who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
Skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada, Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. Suddenly the skier can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow from the off-piste slope closes in around him .
Mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe . The border is just over 22 miles from the city of San Diego, California. The property in Tijuana, close to the border, where the start of the tunnel was discovered by Mexican soldiers .
Video footage shows corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop striking a formal pose for the camera . He's behind you: Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there .
The former journalist was at the science museum attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases. The Queen accessorised her white suit with nude patent Mary-Janes and a woven clutch .
Teaser: TV celebrity Dr Mehmet Oz released a videotaped message previewing a special episode of his show Thursday, which will be dedicated to the controversial swirling around him . He continued: ‘We provide multiple points of view, including mine, which is offered without conflict of interest. The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban advised Twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months. Will anybody be hurt? But it is certainly an area that demands regulation.
The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. The animal, who has been named Wilford by his rescuers, needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain, were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin, complete with bone, hair and teeth. WHAT ARE TERATOMAS? Immature teratoma, which are typically cancerous, are more often found in men. Pineal tumours are those that affect the pineal gland in the brain.
(CNN)Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day against sexual harassment in China. It appears poised to adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law, which is expected to get a reading before the National People's Congress Standing Committee this summer.
But Ms Hutchison said the first version of the Apple Watch might simply be 'a waste of money' for some consumers, who might be better off waiting until the 2016 version. From $499 right up to $24,000 . The Apple Watch 1 has been in high demand but some tech heads say version two might be worth waiting for .
Hamilton, who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February, is going to be sent back to his former team, the Texas Rangers, according to reports. He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4, about the same time he filed for divorce from Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton. The 33-year-old (pictured) was an All Star during a five-year span with the Texas Rangers from 2008 until 2012 .
Craig Dawson (right) will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony following retrospective action . Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the England keeper suffered in the Baggies' last home game against Stoke while Callum McManaman is also out with a foot injury. QPR . On-loan striker Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness while Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries. Queens Park Rangers youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury .
Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. The release came as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country - the Sambisa forest - in an effort to finally defeat the six-year-old insurgency.
Manchester United legend Gary Neville has slammed their performance against Everton as 'toothless' following their 3-0 defeat on Sunday. 'At times they were not getting enough men in the box and the final pass was poor. After the match United boss Louis van Gaal said that his players could not match Everton's motivation .
The 19-time champion jockey could have ridden Cause of Causes who, like his mount Shutthefrontdoor, is owned by his boss JP McManus. For those looking for an each-way punt at more speculative odds, Royale Knight is a horse which has caught my eye.
In 2014, the NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million. Another 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, while 1.4million were written out for multi-vitamins, at £4.2million. Other bathroom cabinet items routinely being prescribed by GPs include Calpol, Vaseline, Strepsils and toothpaste, according to the Health and Social Care Information Centre.
Scotland's tough new drink driving law is being blamed for stalling the country's financial growth . Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006  smoking ban. Hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work .
The Savannah Morning News reports Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan, the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer.
An African American teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing Los Angeles for $20 million. Suing LA for millions: Jamar Nicholson (left) and his friend Jason Huerta (right), who stand solemnly in the alleyway where Nicholson was shot, are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20 million . Officer Gutierrez has returned to full duty since the incident, though it remains under investigation.
Cassandra C., as she is identified in court documents, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families by a judge in December.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines. Theo Walcott could be on the way out of Arsenal, and Gunners legend Ian Wright says that would be 'a shame' Wright enjoys Walcott as a player and hinted that he would like to see the winger stay at the club . Liverpool's Raheem Sterling is an Arsenal target who also has his contract expiring in the near future .
Wrecked: Mark Hawkins, 49, who was holed up in a vintage blue bus  has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with SWAT officers. Shot dead: The suspect (left and right), who was wanted in Lane County for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance, had barricaded himself in the vehicle after he was approached by police . He was hit and wounded by nine bullets, causing him to slide out of the bus. They finally decided to ram an armored car into the bus, it is reported . An investigation is ongoing.
"The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," Ruto said in Nyeri, according to a statement from his office. "We must secure this country at whatever cost, even if we lose business with Somalia," Ruto said Saturday.
Since splitting with Prince Harry Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury (pictured above) with her friends, away from the intense media spotlight . Now, after studying drama and dance, she's bagged herself a role in upcoming film Tulip Fever, alongside Judi Dench, and supermodel-turned-actress Cara Delevingne. 'People will see what a fantastic actress she is.
The Australian Navy has allegedly returned up to 50 asylum seekers to Vietnam in a secret operation . The HMAS Choules (pictured) would cost $2.8 million to operate for the two-week return journey to Vietnam . Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said in January that 15 asylum boats and 429 asylum seekers had been prevented from entering Australian waters . Operation Sovereign Borders commenced on the 18th of September in 2013 .
The former Tottenham forward set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a Creme Egg. The former Tottenham and West Ham striker is the first Sunderland player to take the challenge .
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. Wakefield Wildcats coach James Webster said after the game he does not have enough players .
The researchers found that Yanomami people harbor microbiomes with the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group.
Young women can still get cheaper car insurance than young men despite sex equality laws, an economist warned yesterday. Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system. Someone who tells their insurer they are a 21-year-old dental nurse is likely to get car insurance for 10 per cent less than they would have done in 2011 .
And fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
Identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos. But as they age different life experiences, such as smoking or diet, create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA. They have created a method of heating DNA until its bonds break - identifying minute differences between two twins.
Tevez scored the opening goal for Juventus and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . In Spain, a goal in 50 seconds from Luis Suarez followed by a 93rd minute strike from Lionel Messi gave Barcelona a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Valencia at the Nou Camp.
A passionate truck driver has posted a five-minute plea online in a bid to encourage Australians to attend an Anzac Day memorial service. The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Mr Vale's Facebook page . 'Get your a**e out of bed and go to an Anzac Day service.
Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players . Blackburn strikers Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede have both attrackted in the last two transfer windows . Bowyer shakes hands with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers ahead of Wednesday's FA Cup replay .
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine. Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . The revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent. Today's polling also mirrors nationwide polls which show that Ukip's support has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months alone.
Striker Robin van Persie is out of Manchester United's Barclays Premier League match against Aston Villa with an ankle injury. Left-back Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem, but centre-back Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness. Skipper Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury for the trip to Manchester United.
A study found that Britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine. Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices, it is claimed.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to Pusok and stun him with their Tasers. Shocking: Ten deputies have been placed on leave after a horrific video emerged showing them punching and kicking (left) alleged horse thief Francis Pusok (right) following a chase through the southern California desert . Beating: In the video, captured by an NBC helicopter, Pusok, 30, is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing. The video shows two deputies appearing to come up and kick him in the head and crotch. 'This is as bad, if not worse, than what they did to Rodney King. Pusok's girlfriend of 13 years, Jolene Bindner, said her long-term boyfriend has had several run-ins with the law. she  said. 'I couldn't believe it,' Bindner said after seeing the video.
Zombie . Three types of rum: 40 per cent ABV . Bone Dry Martini . The drink is also known as Pass the Bottle.
The men, pictured in southern China, release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. 'It is an absolutely ecologically safe way of fishing.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. Storey was said to have asked whether she was in a relationship and where she was going on holiday.
At best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district. Home from home . Get put up for free . Finally, the social-networking and ‘hospitality exchange’ website Couchsurfing.org enables registered users to contact host members and stay with them, free, for a day or two.
Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the Premier League season, while Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post season tours as a nightmare . On the prospect of the Gunners organising a future post-season tour, Wenger, who's side face Burnley on Saturday, added: 'Post season tours are a nightmare - I will never do it.
Manchester United duo David de Gea and Victor Valdes made the most of the rare English sun with a trip to a theme park on Tuesday afternoon.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people . In meetings with our undercover reporters, they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable. And they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls. For 8p a record, Mr Light offered to sell the Mail information on people with pensions who had completed a survey as long as four years ago.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought. His mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand.
In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations, compared to the 4,239 cancellations during the same period in 2014. According to flight data specialist EUclaim, cancellations and delays are on the rise so far this year over last . The number of delays also increased to 2,427 from 2,260 in 2014.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria, a charity which supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Sue Sim, Northumbria's Chief Constable, records revealed. Keith Vaz, the Labour chairman of the Home Affairs committee, said: 'Northumbria police appears to have developed its own soap opera.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a wildlife survey. And of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently, the RSPB found. The startling figures confirm fears that the small British mammal is suffering a huge decline. There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today, an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months, although he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him. It seems to me that he's just calling me out for that one big payday. Brook is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June . Khan claims that Brook is not even a big name in the UK and is not able to face the world's biggest names . 'Look, do I need the fight against Kell Brook?,' said Khan.
Sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragging the limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into the garden of their apartment in the city of Rio de Janeiro in eastern Brazil. Police found four handguns, a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in Severiano's getaway car .
Since 1975, of an estimated 100billion barrels of oil in the UK North Sea, only 45billion have been pumped out. At current crude prices, this could be worth £3.7trillion. Exploration: Experts are now trying to work out how much of the oil will be properly recoverable . Development: The site is owned by a number of companies including UK Oil & Gas Investments .
It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. At the proceeds of crime hearing, he ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail. She's already serving four years. Chaplin claimed he 'made nothing' from the scam but was ordered to repay £115,000 form the the £310,000 the judge said he made.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire reportedly said that a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex, who are known to mature slower. Alun Jones, the first male president of the Girls' Schools Association, has previously called for teenage boys  to be taught in single sex classes in state schools.
Jody Farley-Berens saw the need firsthand, when her childhood friend faced that situation. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .
The midfielder (left) was a crucial player in Manchester United's treble winning season of 1998-99 . Blomqvist now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences . The 41-year-old had an injury hit time at Everton and only managed 17 appearances for the club . 'I enjoyed playing for him,' he says. He will, however, be back in the red shirt of Manchester United in when the club's legends team recreate that 1999 final against Bayern's veterans at Old Trafford on June 14.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner. She and her sister Louise Scollen had got into a scuffle with Shelley Williams, who had part of her ear bitten off . Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the next day . Judge Hickey sentenced Temple to 20 months in prison.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list: using focused laser beams to affect the weather. Affecting the weather could also turn out to be one of our best bets at limiting the impact of climate change.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, pictured after she had her daughter, retained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet . Yulia, pictured with Paul after giving birth, gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy, and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8st .
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend, according to court documents obtained on Friday. The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known . The officer and suspect, who has not been named, were both conscious when they were taken for medical care, D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference . D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference a guard at a gate of the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland, Maryland, saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping about six miles away in northeast Washington.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. While a retired nurse, who was sent to Neerkol orphanage near Rockhampton, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly, and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
He glares into the camera defiantly, his middle finger raised in a profane salute. The people who were maimed by Tsarnaev's bombs are also testifying during the sentencing phase of the trial as prosecutors try to show the impact on victims of the attacks.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, who is the son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed, was arrested with eight relatives – including four children – in a remote Turkish border town earlier this month. Waheed Ahmed, the 21-year-old son of Labour Councillor Shakil Ahmed, is understood to be returning to the UK on a flight to Manchester from Dalaman tonight following his arrest for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria .
It is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska - was last seen in the UK in 1988. Over the weekend, more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water's edge.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test match century to rescue England after a top-order collapse in the first Test . Bell and Joe Root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England's top order collapsed in Antigua . Alastair Cook - 25 . Gary Ballance was dismissed by Jason Holder to leave England in a hole at 34 for three . Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play having put on 130 for the fifth wicket with Bell .
Amanda Beringer (left) asked her brother Brad Fraser (right) to make a toast at her wedding . The song was also a tribute to Brad and Amanda's father, Peter, who passed away of Motor Neuron Disease 10 years earlier .
But the biggest challenge for Manchester City this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero looks on dejected during the defeat by United at Old Trafford . City's ageing squad is in need of a major overhaul in the summer . It is a big question and one that City will be desperate not to have to discover the answer to.
Still, the marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law.
The ‘Kate effect’ has put a bump in the profits of British fashion house Seraphine with fans flocking to snap up items worn by the Duchess of Cambridge, including this £195 collarless cashmere coat . Mr Loughrey with Maria Scott (left) and Amy Thompson keeping a royal vigil outside the London hospital .
Raheem Sterling, pictured in training on Thursday, has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool . Jose Mourinho insists that he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club . Sterling will start against Arsenal  despite admitting it was 'quite flattering' to be linked with the Gunners . Kolo Toure, pictured being challenged by Steven Gerrard, believes Sterling should remain at Anfield .
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action. As the man reached into the till Bishop tried to swat his hand away. When that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times . Bishop said it was 'just a reaction', an instinct to protect the store. Officers later discovered the 44-year-old man was a wanted felon for forgery.
That's why award-winning artist Joe Joiner, from East London, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road accidents .
This is the lonely rhino, known as Sudan, guarded day and night by rangers who risk their own lives as they try to keep him from poachers. Increasing prosperity in China has led to higher demand.
But it seems patrons at the Masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price. Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second. Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique.
The TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 4,000 people. She said: 'It's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. Holden said there was a possibility that her sister had been airlifted from the mountain this morning or could even have walked back down.
Cook remains England's leading century maker despite his recent failure to score a Test century .
Bolt says he want to beat his own 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds . Bolt insists that when he is fully fit he is almost impossible to beat .
Paula Viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead . She told the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Times Leader that she saw pieces of white paper fluttering down from the sky for several minutes. The homeowner complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance that it does not pose a danger .
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Roland Gainer (above), a college student, started a GoFundMe page for Broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $95,000 goal .
Imran Uddin used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers and up his exam marks . On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent, a first. Uddin (police mugshot, left, and outside court, right), who is married, was yesterday jailed for four months after admitting six breaches to the Computer Misuse Act.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night in memory of the 96 fans who died at Hillsborough almost 26 years ago. Former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur laid flowers at the Hillsborough memorial before the game .
Jose Mourinho could lead his side to become the most dominant in a single Premier League season . Manchester United 1993/94 - 262 . Chelsea 2014/15 - 230* . But Chelsea can beat that record by 12 days should they stay top between now and the end of the season.
Tatyana Chernova (left) failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in South Korea in 2011 . Ennis-Hil has written to the  IAAF to ask shy Chernova has been allowed to keep her world title .
Steven Abberley caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at MPs and shouting 'you are all just liars' during Prime Minister's Questions . He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen. The unemployed 28-year-old was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour .
The stunning model, 29, is seen slowly emerging from the glistening water . Irina and Jarrod are filmed in a cosy embrace on several occasions . Colours range from neutrals to frosted shades of pastels, but the standout styles are the shiny metallic and liquid gold styles.
But when the Duke of Wellington 's forces defeated and killed Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799, troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. He was obsessed with Tipu - he published pieces and loaned items to major exhibitions. Tipu Sultan was shot and killed in the onslaught .
A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at Jesuit High School in Dallas, left, has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image . As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the PGA golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . 1 junior golfer in the country.
Madonna received a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting a photograph of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and 'thanking' her for her service. The 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages.
The 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing, and will be looking to avoid the disappointment of last year, when he finished runner-up. Spieth (above with girlfriend Annie Verret on her 21st birthday) is the first player since Greg Norman in 1996 to own the outright Masters lead after each of the first three rounds .
The 45-year-old, whose company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China. She rose up the ranks to become the director of the whole manufacturing operation, before deciding to set up her own company, aged 22 years old in 1993. Her company went public on March 18 and she became the richest woman in China officially on March 30 when the market price at close for Lens Technology reached 78.07 yuan per share.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds but Motherwell want to offer free tickets .
Wigan winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . Ben Flower (centre) returned to action after serving six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia .
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. Sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. The news was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist. Ackerman, 32, plans to frame the x-ray and keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future .
In the first recording, an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen. The second audio, taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car, captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife.
The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver, who they suspected was speeding. The pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. Above, in this text, Christopher Sousa refers to killing n******' In another text message, Holding writes: 'Id have that noose ready' - in reference to black men. Jason Holding, James Wells and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale. were fired in March for 'department misconduct'. Alex Alvarez resigned in January .
Lyoto Machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket . Machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night. The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb.
'I'm so happy,' Nyia Parler, 41, commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on Tuesday. Police say she left her son on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson (left) in Montgomery County, Maryland . Parler left her son — who also has cerebral palsy — lying in leaves and covered with a blanket next to a wheelchair while she left town on a romantic getaway with her new boyfriend, John Ferguson, police said. He was found on Friday night near Cobbs Creek Park. Officials told NBC Philadelphia her son would have died if he hadn't been spotted by people walking along a nearby street. Walker said the son was exposed to the elements and other dangers.
Pep Guardiola prepares his side for their Champions League quarter-final first leg against Porto . Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager . Between 2005-2009 the Premier League provided 12 out of the potential 20 semi finalists for the Champions League; between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24. English teams had always had an intensity with which continental teams had sometimes struggled to cope.
A man has been arrested and bailed following the 'suspicious' death of a woman found floating in the water at a boat club - just hours after a children's Easter Egg hunt took place in the grounds. A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail.
Tragic: Joshua Vaughan, 17, died in January this year when he was struck by a train . Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7, an inquest heard. Shortly before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook, saying the teen was on a platform and that 'he was going to end it'.
A former Marine who was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to an Ohio mosque has sent a letter apologizing and asking forgiveness from its members. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey (right) was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade (left), who refused to leave his office, when the fight broke out on Friday, according to a city clerk . McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said .
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid . and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' Hall stole nothing from the victims.
A mother of two has openly admitted she prefers her younger son boy and says the special bond is caused by his 'special smell' - and sniffs him all the time. Since her revelations surfaced on the Insight website, Ms Cox told Daily Mail Australia she has been attacked and been called 'a freak', but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'. 'If you said choose one to live or die, I wouldn't be able too ... like I love them equally. 'But Alex has a smell that he's had since he was born. There's some sort of smell connection.' 'Alex is the terror.
Robbie Savage posed this snap on his Twitter showing the progress he had made during his fitness regime . The former Birmingham player is certainly an acquired taste and was too much for Sportsmail's Laura Williamson - who described the star as marmite.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at a Premier Inn in Newcastle and took the money for herself. Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed Goodall taking money from the till. The 30-year-old mother, who is pregnant, admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014 at Newcastle Crown Court.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. Louise and Glen Higgs with daughter Mazy, aged three and newborns Carson Alan (left) and Carter Joel (right) The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler. And his London eatery, Dinner by Heston Blumenthal, at the Mandarin Oriental hotel, also scraped through into the top 25. Snail Porridge at The Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire . Alinea, Chicago, USA .
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show. 'Joe Pesci couldn't be here, but he sent this email: 'F***, f***, f***, f***ity f***, f***' read De Niro, introducing the screening at the Beacon Theatre. Throughout the two-and-a-half-hour screening the audience cheered each major character's first appearance along with iconic scenes like Karen Hill's doorbell-yelling session, and memorable lines like Henry Hill's opening narration: 'For as long as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.' 'The first thing he said was thanks for not making me look like a s***bag,' said Liotta.
West Ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro. The Hammers join fellow Barclays Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers. West Ham last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010 but have a long affiliation with the brand .
The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. This animation shows the jet erupting from comet 67P. The two images, released yesterday, were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km), according to Esa.
British number two Aljaz Bedene, pictured in June 2013, defeated Arthur De Greef in just 70 minutes . Bedene represents Great Britain after switching allegiance from Slovenia in March .
University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment . Jackson entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men, and shortly after he left the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs, police said . He was held on $150,000 bond . The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm.
Ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave, McMahon said Friday. The video shows deputies using a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him.
Ings, who has scored nine Premier League goals, is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool . 'One thing I do want next year no matter where I am – and I don't know where that is going to be – is to work with a manager who is going to coach me and really develop me as a player.
No, you don't, Katie wrote back, and told Dalton a bit about herself. They realized they were falling in love. But for Katie and Dalton, that was complicated -- and dangerous.
Convict: Small time drug dealer Rudy Guede, 29, is currently serving a 16-year sentence for the murder . Cleared: Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for Meredith Kercher's murder before being conclusively cleared by Italy's highest court last month .
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. Mr Harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found 'within a month' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there could then be up to 30 live young on the loose.
A 90-year-old grandmother will not receive the $41million jackpot she thought she won at an Iowa slot machine after the state supreme court ruled her wining pull was caused by a software error. Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
A picture, believed to be the only image of the Civil War ironclad, the CSS Georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model. John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog.
Unhappy: Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at a school 150 yards from her home and offered one two miles away, so her mother Lynne, pictured together,  must quit her job to ensure she gets there and back . Mrs Briggs had believed Broomhill Infants School in Sheffield, where Charlotte is a student, was a feeder school to Lydgate Junior, so only put one school on Charlotte's admission form.
The great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. So you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of Rory McIlroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25.
Mother-of-three Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain. Daisy suffers from Anopthalmia, a rare condition which means 'lack of eyes'. Daisy will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons .
Their new study has found the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain, changing the way they function. They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women taking the Pill .
Manchester United have over eight million followers on Weibo, almost double that of Twitter . Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world with most Weibo followers . Of the 10 Premier League clubs active on Weibo, six – United, City, Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham, feature in the top 20 most followed clubs in China. Liverpool have 2.3million followers on Chinese site Weibo compared to 4.2million on Twitter .
Ruth Davison, leading critic of David Cameron's plan to extent the right to buy scheme is a Labour party member and the owner of a £1million house in Islington, London .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends. World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .
Victoria Ayling, who is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby, made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings. After saying it was because she had spent ‘five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan’, Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd, the leader of Ukip’s North East Lincolnshire group, launched an investigation. Astonishingly, he has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son’s situation.
A bedlington lurcher named Twiglet suffered a 'serious hallucinogenic episode' after accidentally eating a stash of drugs he found at a village bus stop. 'Symptoms include hallucinating, partial seizures, tremors, hyper salivating, in-coordination and collapsing. 'We want to make other owners aware to be vigilant when walking their dogs in the area.'
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in Croydon, south London, during the army interview and screening process. Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands. One of the women, a virgin in her early 20s, fell pregnant when Mee raped her in a locked waiting room, jurors were told. He was British Army recruiting sergeant at Mitcham Barracks in Croydon (pictured) in the Careers and Information Office .
"Orphan Black," 9 p.m. "Turn: Washington's Spies," 9 p.m. "Game of Thrones," 9 p.m.
Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because 'we love heartwarming stories—especially comeback stories' Born to Bond - There is a Bit of Belle in All of Us . We were Belle´s cheerleaders as she recounted her fight against cancer—using a weapon we all have at our disposal: healthy eating. Wendy L Patrick PhD is the author of RED FLAGS: How to Spot Frenemies, Underminers, and Toxic People, available now through Nero .
A spokesman for the Dartmouth Higher Ferry company confirmed that the coach was too big to be allowed to cross. The coach driver was turned back after trying to take a ferry to cross the River Dart in Dartmouth, Devon  (file picture of River Dart in Dartmouth)
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. Chloe (pictured with newborn Lola, left, and at three months, right) struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .
This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Charlesetta Taylor (above), 79, may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis . The city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's (above) to make sure the NGA does not leave the city, and take the 3,000 jobs it provides .
They worked, and lived, with lions for the 11 years they made the film, and now, John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is saying of his father's decision; 'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family.' 'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family,' says James Marshall (left with Hedren) about making him and Griffith (right) star in Roar . Its re-release is due to be shown at a handful of cinemas in the US in April, and will be made available to the wider public on a number of platforms as well. It took six guys to pull him off me and I got 56 stitches,' he said.
Minatel, a forward from Brazil, was traveling with his teammates from the Ottawa Fury Football Club of the second-division North American Soccer League. Several witnesses said they saw the suspect try to choke Minatel with the cord of his headphones. Kevin Kerr says he was seated next to the suspect.
Whatever Villa's Premier League status this summer, Benteke's future will be discussed as his contract, worth £50,000 per week, enters its final two years and the Belgian striker has ambitions to play European football. Wolfsburg have kept tabs on Benteke since before he ruptured his Achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . United starlet Wilson (left) said he would take Holland international Van Persie's movement . As for Falcao, Wilson would like to harness the Colombia international's predatory instincts in the 18-yard box.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, East Yorkshire, had claimed the Tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week - because she thought it had been left by its owner. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough. Miss Craven - who is now waiting to see if she will be charged, but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft - said: ‘I was the first person to get on the train and I spotted it.
On Saturday morning, Lufty, his sons Jason and Sebastien,  his friend Neil Janna, 51, and his two sons Jesse and Josh, made a stop to visit Colonel Sanders birth place in Henryville, Indiana. Brand's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. After they ordered their meal of two platters of KFC's original recipe and extra crispy, they sat down at a table pulling out the items they brought to make the meal a feast: plates, silverware, candles, artificial flowers and glasses. Janna's son, Jesse, who enjoyed the fried chicken for the first time said it was 'delicious.'
Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves, which the Miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . The super-curvy Latina is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian and has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .
Here the centipede wraps itself in a circle as it attempts to escape the weaver ant . Student Frenki Jung, 17, from Sambas in Borneo captured the hilarious images. He shot the super close-ups in his front garden at home.
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year . Other noteworthy sights along the alpine route include Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains .
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo's  mesmerising images of the Aurora Borealis during the blue hour near Hella, Iceland . In March, the Northern Lights were even more remarkable than usual and Griffo was in Iceland to capture them in all their glory . Griffo, the daughter of two artists, teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around Italy .
Brazil legend Pele (left) and Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere pose for a photo during launch of 10Ten Talent . Pele scored 77 goals in 92 games for Brazil and won the World Cup three times but the former Santos striker still finds last year's capitulation difficult to understand. Pele has, however, praised Oscar (left) and Ramires (right) for their reaction in the Premier League this season .
Tottenham forward Harry Kane has been in superb form this season, netting 30 goals for the club so far . Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England's Under 21s side at the European Championships .
At least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta, and crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters, the Coast Guard said. Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier told Al.com  that at least one person was confirmed dead, but he did not know the cause. 'It's been a very tragic day,' Michael Smith, with the Buccaneer yacht club, told WSFA-TV.
Andy Murray in action last year at the Queen's Club, which will host the Davis Cup quarter final against France .
Suspected rogue trader Navinder Sarao lived in his parents' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential £40million offshore nest egg. His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London, giving him a massive commercial advantage. He is accused of using computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence.
Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van Gaal was 'poisoned' at Bayern Munich and claims the current Manchester United coach is a 'bad man' who loses players' trust. He does great things on the pitch but the coach Van Gaal was a bad man. Van Gaal is currently the Manchester United manager with his side sitting in third place in the Premier League .
The 30-year-old was was due to be reinstated on April 15, but according to NFL media insider Ian Rapoport, Peterson will meet with the NFL this week. It has been a turbulent seven months for Peterson, who has been linked with the Cowboys and Cardinals .
Police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers. According to several commenters on the post, the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence.
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully. Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. 'When I'm at home, I'm sick, I don't feel well; no one else does that. But when I'm at school I'm like everyone else,' Rose said.
A man took a friend's dog for a walk and hacked it to death with an axe because he was worried it might bite children. He was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Eddie Howe raises his arms in triumph after Bournemouth sealed Premier League promotion . And I can’t wait to see Callum Wilson in the top flight. Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success as soon as got to know him in 2002 .
The millionaire businessman said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this.'
(CNN) A Transportation Security Administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public, according to a report released Monday.
However, professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie - known as Rob Venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son James's tooth to the back of his muscle car. According to posts on Mr Abercrombie's Facebook page, his son James had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he gave in .
Andres Iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he 'never went away' following a vintage first-half performance in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night. 'Am I back? Iniesta has been forced to play a deeper role this season to accommodate the triple threat of Neymar, Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi.
In a bid to help his side arrest their run of three games without a win, the Brazilian hit the gym to prepare for Sunday's trip to Portland Timbers. The former AC Milan midfielder complains to the referee after a challenge with Davy Arnaud .
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe (above) mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition . Crowe's response to this was; 'DOES BRUCE JENNER WANT BOOBS? This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha (above), which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper .
Bent was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert and Rams boss Steve McClaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the campaign. Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since going on loan from Aston Villa in January . Bent's form has no doubt caught the attention with new Villa boss Tim Sherwood while at the Rams .
Washington (CNN)Decision time for GOP operatives, another controversial foreign policy choice for President Obama, a ripple effect from the Robert Menendez indictment, and two insights into Hillary Clinton's campaign launch -- those stories filled our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London. Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate – who calls himself an advocate of women’s rights – attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against the venue’s policy. Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk. Franklin is around 40 miles from Norfolk. They have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification . Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for AJ .
Man's best friend: Alan Spencer from Withernsea with his dog Lexi who saved his life by jumping on his back when he passed out after choking on a pickled onion . Thankfully 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alan’s back, dislodging the onion and saving her owner's life. Lexi had just jumped straight up in the air and landed right in the middle of my back.
A smaller rally was held Tuesday in New York. Protests also were held in Boston and Houston.
Charlie had his own bedroom next to mine – and his was bigger. Candy's competition for her dad's affections was not with a sibling - it was with her ventriloquist EdBound to give Charlie McCarthy . She compared playing her award-winning title role on Murphy Brown to channeling her inner Charlie. Now ‘Marsh’ was reaching out for a closeness she found excessive and suffocating and reacted to with tiny tantrums. ‘No carb is safe – no fat either’.
Collision: After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches, but headed straight for the road instead before running into the side of Ms Odendaal's car .
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless, boneless creatures that have been around for 500 million years. How to deal with a sting as changed in recent years, with the long-adopted method of pouring vinegar over stings now considered a big no-no.
Kuku Kube (pictured) is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great' Although the game appears relatively simple, and starts with a board of just four coloured squares, it quickly grows to a board of up to 81 squares. And the differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time.
England Women's Under 19s smashed Northern Ireland 9-1 to keep their dreams of Euro qualification very much alive. Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at Seaview.
A terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death. Police say five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it .
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video (still image shown). Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
Set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, the Chyknell Hall Estate also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables - and even its own cricket green. It is thought the Regency home could now attract A-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy.
Transsexual Kellie, formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney, started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week. This morning she tweeted: 'First night at home not feeling to bad still very sore and got pain but in good health'.
SeaWorld has been accused of drugging killer whales, painting over their injuries and keeping them in pools so shallow they get sunburned. In her suit she also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at SeaWorld, and that the chlorine used in their tanks is 'many times stronger than household bleach'.
The NuvaRing is one of the most popular birth control products on the market. Merck acknowledges a very small risk of blood clots but stands by its product, saying, "There is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of NuvaRing."
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings .
Jamie Silvonek was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy, Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin announced Thursday. Cheryl Silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking Jamie Silvonek and the eighth-grader's boyfriend, Army Spc. Caleb Barnes, to a concert, according to court documents. Police found the victim's blood-soaked car submerged in a pond and traced it to the Silvonek family's home in Upper Macungie Township (pictured) Silvonek's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother, and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . The teenager then texted Barnes: 'She threatened to throw me out of the house. I want her gone,' the affidavit said.
On Saturday evening, NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against FC Dordrecht. After his side give up a two-goal lead the 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout .
The 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result won't be running with the other female elites but with the masses. In 2003 she smashed the marathon world record as she won in London .
Bernadette Forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in Dublin on June 6, 2011, with a dictaphone which had recorded her 'suicide note'. Ms Forde was given the provisional green light to go to the Dignitas Clinic in Zurich, Switzerland (pictured) for an assisted suicide, but her travel agent tipped off the police before she was able to make the journey . The court heard allegations that O'Rorke (pictured) helped Ms Forde commit suicide by helping her buy the drug that killed her.
A convicted California serial killer who went on a nine-day rampage that claimed the lives of four people has been denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years. Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. Lynette Duncan, one of the surviving daughters of Aubrey Duncan, still remembers telling her sister that her father and Denise were dead, she said.
'It's April,' James shrugged. #DentistNightMares,' he wrote in his latest chronicle from the dentist's chair. He contributed 20 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists, and one more if he claims credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter. LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they beat the Bulls for their 50th win of the season .
Iraqi officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad. He was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup. Al-Douri was deemed the most high-profile official of Saddam's Ba'ath Party to evade capture after the invasion. He was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after offensive to overthrow Saddam and had a $10m bounty on his head.
Police in Shanghai revealed today that they had seized three million knock-off condoms - thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million on the black market - after they broke up a large operation covering eight provinces. Officers said the lubricating oil used on the condoms at one production line in Henan province was so disgusting that it made them feel sick, according to the People's Daily Online.
I'm also a lifelong Catholic. I have never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
A high-flying banker falsely branded ‘Crazy Miss Cokehead’ has been awarded £3.2million after her career was destroyed by sexist taunts. Cambridge graduate Svetlana Lokhova was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues, an employment tribunal found.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister .
With a logistical nightmare on their hands, officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event. The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and will be moved to Wednesday, with the Wednesday program being totally abandoned.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson who reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya King have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary. A High Court judge approved the move to take Ashya to Prague for proton beam therapy. The NHS later agreed to fund Ashya’s treatment in Prague.
Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies, including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father's throat in front of his family. And, according to a former friend, he is using it to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
His team were 1-0 down against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby when their opponents pushed forward, looking to double their lead. Instead, his touch was a little too cushioned, and the ball drifted nonchalantly into his own net.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford - who has been charged with Ms Scott's murder. The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday which sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher until police found remains of a body at a national park on Friday, where police further allege a gasoline can had been found nearby. 26-year-old Ms Scott was due to get married to her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday . The remains of the body have been taken to Glebe infirmary for further forensics.
Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday. Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital, but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings prevents a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths with his hand . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . Celtic captain Scott Brown (left) appeals to referee Steven McLean during the Scottish Cup semi-final .
Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in Goodge Street this morning. Long delays: The four-vehicle pile-up, which also involved an Audi TT, forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Now another  internet dress furore has begun, this time over the colour of Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon's dress. Was it grey, green or ice blue? Nicola Sturgeon's dress divided opinion on Twitter during last night's debate . The original: This was the frock that sparked the original #thedress debate .
Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kane’s involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. But Spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club’s PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia.
A property developer in a wealthy Connecticut suburb believes his family are the victims of small-town vengeance which saw his son demoted in the local Little League to punish him for threatening the town's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup. Christopher Stefanoni, a 50-year-old from Darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000, says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. The town and the Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked. U.S. Census information says that Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
Hooking his shot left of the target, Bjorn’s ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. Luckily for Bjorn, and indeed the fan, he was able to take a free drop and resume the hole. Shot of the day .
Eight months pregnant Rebecca Adlington can't wait to 'feel myself again' after her daughter is born . Her daughter is due on June 4 and she is planning a water birth, which she believes is 'logical' given that the baby is in water now.
Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police. Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, according to WMBF. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released, police said.
Tottenham have registered their interest in Marseille star Andre Ayew. Mauricio Pochettino is known to be a fan and the Ghana international fits into Tottenham's transfer blueprint .
'Kid Kulafu', named after a brand of wine whose bottles Pacquiao collected as a child, charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. Pacquiao is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 in their $300million fight .
Picked up: Officials seized Dvora, 6, (far left) and 10-year-old Rafi (left, blue hat) on Sunday in a Maryland park. Even then, they say they weren't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours. When questioned, the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range' approach to parenting, which encourages independence from infancy. In March, the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone.
They've steamrolled past top-four rivals Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in their current six-game Premier League winning streak, and Manchester United are looking to make it seventh heaven when they travel to table-toppers Chelsea on Saturday. Ahead of the blockbuster clash at Stamford Bridge, the United squad were pictured travelling down to London on Friday afternoon. It was earlier revealed that the 29-year-old striker may have to revert to a midfield role against the Blues after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four  United players ruled out of the clash due to injury. Van Gaal (left) puts his arm round Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney during training this week .
Yet within 24 hours of having the jab, in April 2011, Malcolm had been reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck, gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down. 'I went completely bonkers,' he says today. He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide. Fortunately, he has since made a full recovery.
Last night the victim, Mike Lane, 40, who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes, condemned the decision by police as ‘pathetic’. The attack at Everleigh, near Amesbury, took place even though the 30 riders and their hounds were chasing only an artificial scent, rather than a fox.
Simply put, the United States is spreading foreign military assistance too thin, while also failing to make necessary long-term commitments.
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance, sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. Terrible: Tragedy struck Thursday night at an Indiana high school's performance of the musical American Pie . Buckled: Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale, the platform beneath them collapsed . Nicola Gruszka, a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way, said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue.
Fresh from his Masters triumph, Jordan Spieth made a visit to the observation deck of the Empire State Building on Monday, and of course the Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket. Spieth made. He was the first wire-to-wire winner at Augusta in 39 years.
(CNN)Actress Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender. "He can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is, who he was born to be.
Tormented: Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs . When she was informed of the bullying incident, Mrs Klein told WHEC this week: 'They didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal. I don’t think they ever will.'
The 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer. They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab. When she returned to the hospital three weeks later, for her second dose of the drugs combination, she revealed to doctors the huge mass underneath her left breast had 'disappeared', leaving a hole in the skin.
The Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces in the Ukip manifesto. He told Magic Radio: 'Well firstly there was one fully black person.'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to see off Rayo Vallecano and remain four points behind Barcelona . Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with this header against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night . James Rodriguez doubled Real's lead on Wednesday to ensure the win for the Spanish giants .
A phallic shaped cloud which appeared last week in Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin . Labourer Noeleen Foster (right) said she couldn't believe her eyes when she spotted the suggestively shaped cloud .
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino for his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather and US talk show host Jimmel Kimmel has performed it on his live show . Pacquiao saw the funny side of Kimmel's spoof of his tune and thanked him on Twitter and in a video . The likelihood Kimmel's viewers will hear the song as Pacquiao intended it next week is high given his was the first US talk show the boxer ever appeared on back in 2009.
Final score, Real Madrid 9-1 Granada. 16 mins: The pressure is on Granada now, Real have two corners in a row. Marca's front page yesterday spoke of how Real want to win their last 10 games to take the La Liga title. Gareth Bale broke the deadlock and Carlo Ancelotti’s team were 4-0 up before half time as they put memories of their Clasico defeat to Barcelona a fortnight ago behind them.
The spokesperson told MailOnline Travel: ‘The winglet of one aircraft appears to have scraped the tail fin of the other. ‘Both aircraft were under the instruction of Dublin Airport Air Traffic Control at the time.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011. But now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role, as the previous members retired  and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Gerrard’s time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax. Gerrard was poor throughout, unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years. Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons.
'Today, we move on. Comcast CEO Brian Roberts declared, 'today we move on' in announcing that the company was abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable . The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . On Wednesday night, the Wall Street Journal revealed that FCC regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size TV and internet provider was in the public interest.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul  congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time . Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his half-time actions while speaking on Sky Sports . But that’s rubbish, too.
Escaped: The 23-year-old Taylor was awaiting sentencing when authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV . Wanted: A $1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor's capture . Safe and well: Authorities say they’ve found a 15-year-old girl, Savannah Bell, who they had thought to be in the company of convicted murderer who escaped from jail.
The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction. In 1964, it was ranked 16th most popular. Between 1996 and 2013, unusual names such as Dexter (there were 1,019 born in 2013), Jenson (1,055) and Harley (1,275) all climbed in popularity to break the top 100.
Such labeling does not and cannot explain the totality of the contact, competition and conflict between native poor black South Africans and foreign African entrepreneurs. But the evictions, harassment and ultimately brutal killings of foreigners cannot and should not be separated from the daily brutal violence poor South Africans in informal settlements and many townships experience.
An idyllic two-bedroom log cabin, nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the New Forest, has gone on the market for £350,000 . The 76-sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
The former Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden will host a 'machine gun fun' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $50,000 a ticket. Shoot with The Shooter: Supporters of a conservative nonprofit were offered the change of a luxury stay in Wyoming with Robert O'Neill, pictured while still in the Navy, which would include a 'machine gun fun' contest . It later emerged that he was being investigated by The Naval Criminal Investigative Service for allegedly revealing classified information.
In a case which could have huge financial consequences for the NHS, Julie Ronayne was awarded £160,000 after she was left 'looking like Michelin man' following the bungled hysterectomy in 2008. The NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook. The 32-year-old bar manager, who has dual New Zealand and British nationality, was found guilty of insulting religion because of this picture .
Beatty said it appeared the dogs would have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing. Australia's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation revealing the illegal use of live bait in training dogs aired in February.
Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s, part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including Bill "Bojangles" Robinson and Frank Sinatra.
Pete Bennett says he squandered his prize cash on ketamine and is now homeless . Big Brother 1 . Nadia's big personality shone when she joined the house at 27, in 2004, and she became the fifth winner of the reality TV show.
Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12, however he is facing opposition from the Premier League. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke, the Daily Telegraph reports. The rise of Harry Kane (centre) proves that England can bring through talented youngsters .
Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ‘make content more contemporary’. Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film, while others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February, the lowest for almost seven years. He used a speech today to warn that a Labour government would put 1million jobs at risk.
Writing an op-ed for The Washington Post, Schwarzenegger says he believes the defining problem is that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the GOP and further alienate voters. 'We must be the party that stands for equality and against discrimination in any form.'
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' in the second half of the season . Arsenal had earned eight successive Premier League victories before the 0-0 draw against Chelsea .
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts  Vogue Paris's upcoming May issue, before Mrs Kebede, the last black woman to cover Vogue Paris was model Rose Cordero in March 2010.
You could soon unlock your phone simply by holding it up to the side of your face. Researchers have created a sensor that can recognise the unique shape of your ear, your palm or any other body part you want to use to access your device. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph. For many, the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry, but the Corporation hopes many viewers will find it a refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern TV.
Jordan Morris celebrates firing USA ahead early in the second half . Juan Agudelo is mobbed by team-mates after he scored his first international goal since 2011 .
The 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at Brentford on East Monday. The 18-year-old attacker is son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker . The youngest is highly thought of by Forest boss Dougie Freedman, who believes he has a big future .
The twins were all born in the UK and were broadly representative of the UK population. They found that voting Conservative, or not, is strongly influenced by genetics. For UKIP voting preferences, there was also a moderately strong heritability of 51 per cent. The exception seemed to be voting for the Liberal Democrats, which was affected entirely by environment with no genetic influence.
The group includes 19 women and five men. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
However baggage pushers like this are used at airports all over the world, with Dutch company Vanderlande market leaders in the machinery. Their 'Parallel Pusher,' similar to the one in this video, is a widely used horizontal divert pusher that sorts single bags to one destination only.
The cougar, the other name for the species, has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly Los Feliz neighborhood - and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out. He has been living in nearby Griffith Park ever since - where scientists managed to catch and tag him. Fame: P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 .
Australian Federal Police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that a man had been detained at the airport. The 43-year-old, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list. Attorney General George Brandis was delivered an AFP brief on the Gardiner case. 'If you fight illegally in overseas conflicts, you face up to life in prison upon your return to Australia,' the spokesperson said.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win, but who else made the XI? Joey Barton was rightly praised for his efforts in QPR's emphatic 4-1 win over West Brom .
More than 200 Yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in Islamic State captivity, Kurdish military has said today. The 216 Yazidis piled onto a minibus that then drove them to peshmerga positions . About 40 children were among those released .
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014 . Oregon law allows for use of physical force against an intruder who won't leave a resident's home.
Atletico Madrid midfielder Mario Suarez (right) will miss next week's second leg against Real Madrid . 'I hope that in the return leg they pick a better referee.' There could be worse to follow for Madrid too, with Dani Carvajal at risk of being given a suspension for punching Mario Mandzukic.
Chris Ramsey, the only black manager in the Premier League, is a classic example. Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and, guess what, it has not been an easy job to refloat it.
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. Mr Barnes was rescued Roger in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway.
Pedestrian Andrea McVeigh was sent crashing face-first into the concrete after being hit from behind by the rider. The cyclist fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood. 'I'm now scarred for life. Police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who allegedly mowed down the 44-year-old .
The Swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas. By banning people from taking off their shoes, IKEA hope to stop Chinese shoppers falling asleep in the stores .
The 26-year old has his eye on a Volkswagen Tiguan but Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. To register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers like Li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online.
Whole streets and squares in the capital of more than 1 million people were covered in rubble. The injured ended up being treated outside overflowing hospitals, where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives. At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches. Food, clothing and medicine will be urgently required, Tak said.
The enthronement ceremony of Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace, Istana Nural Iman in Brunei . The Prince is the youngest child of the Sultan, Hassanal Bolkiah, and his wife, Queen Saleha, and is second in the line of succession to become the next Sultan of Brunei.
Carefree: Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol Monday night in Dummerston, Vermont . At the scene, MacDonald told responding officers that she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions down on a legal note pad in her car.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London. The University College London chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. Nokes, a keen horsewoman, artist and charity fundraiser, is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals. Williams was also present.
Former pub landlord Michael Thorpe has had his conviction for illegally showing foreign footage of Premier League games overturned after eight years . Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction following a landmark European court ruling. Since the European Court decision, it is taking landlords to civil courts and suing them using copyright laws, which were not affected by the previous ruling.
Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's Europa League final. Our semi-final line-up is complete, though, and the prospect of an all Italian final in Warsaw on May 27 is still there.
To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times. Clever boy: Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .
Monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week . The squad are put through heir paces ahead of Wednesday's clash at Stade Louis II . And Berbatov is certain Monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the Serie A champions.
Daniel Sturridge poses with Kop Kids presenter Paisley ahead of their dance-off in February . The former Chelsea striker hinted that this move called 'feed the ducks' could be his next celebration . You're going to see this.
Paul Downton is just the latest victim. The system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again. Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair . English cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick.
It has been a frustrating night for Salford City, the club Scholes co-owns with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. It takes them five points clear of Darlington, who have a game in hand, at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North (four tiers below the Football League).
Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday night. Duke celebrated reaching the final of the NCAA Tournament with a 81-61 win over Michigan State .
(CNN)It's not going to be enough to slake the thirst of the elusive Mars bunny, but scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. The new study doesn't change the picture for life on Mars.
The Hoops boss criticised the playing surface at St Mirren Park following the Hoops' 2-0 Scottish Premiership win on Friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit.
BORUSSIA DORTMUND: . As he barks instructions from the touchline, Klopp's emotional grasp of the game makes him ideal for the Premier League. In many ways he does seem made for the Premier League.
The watch: James Freedman removes Harry Mount's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson . For years he’s been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime. Shady business: Freedman shows how a folded newspaper can be used to steal a pair of sunglasses .
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead – threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border. But Ed Miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
The London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain. He said the fact that more jobs were being created was ‘one of the absolute moral triumphs’ of the government.
The new law will take effect in six months. A number of South American nations have moved to allow same-sex civil unions in recent years.
Newcastle had more than £34m in the bank at the end of the last financial year, the club's accounts  reveal . The struggling Premier League club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season .
Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is still being investigated  over claims she faked her cancer battles, despite reports police had dropped the investigation. However, Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation, spearheaded by Consumer Affairs Victoria, had not changed. The decision comes after Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been 'misdiagnosed'. In an interview with Daily Mail Australia, Ms Gibson claimed her son's childcare details, her home address and floor plan had been posted online amidst the fierce  backlash against her.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. The so-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority, queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway. Meanwhile, other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling.
Churchill Downs (pictured) has banned selfie sticks beyond its most popular event, Derby Day, and will not allow the devices whenever there are races . Churchill Downs officials worried that a selfie stick along the rail could become a distraction for horses, Asher said.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed as the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west . The car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence before landing in the pool .
Prisoners in the jail were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive, hallucinogenic and toxic materials according to an author who saw the intense cruelty with his own eyes. It alleges that 25 leaders of a hunger strike in 1938 were locked up in a section of the prisons known as 'the bake ovens'.
According to the Heathrow Airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk, the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
A size 16 student who used to fork out £5,000 a year on pizza has dropped a staggering four dress sizes since ditching takeaways. Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, who weighed 12-and-a-half stone, was shocked into a post-graduation diet  after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls'. With the encouragement of her sister - a slim size 8 - Amelia signed up for the Cambridge Weight Plan and revolutionised her diet .
That's according to a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. Intent: Cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services (file photo)
The country is tense and confused after years of back-to-back political crises. And the absence of a common, credible space for sharing information has pushed critics of the government to the fringes of social media.
Odion Ighalo's shot flies into the top corner of Dimi Konstantopoulos' net on 65 minutes . Gomes points to the heavens after Ighalo's goal put Watford 2-0 up and settled the game .
He had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day. Then he moved on to snorting heroin. Sideri has many new goals in life. The bottom line, he says: Recovery and long-term sobriety is possible.
Footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane . The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir . Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man, an 18-year-old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16 . She is due to appear in the Richlands Magistrates Court today.
Despite never seeing his guide dog, Mr Bramblitt was able to create this highly accurate painting . Mr Bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly resulted in him losing his eyesight . Mr Bramblitt went blind at the age of 30 after suffering from epilepsy since the age of 11 .
In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead, according to police in Monroe. Authorities traced the calls back to the home Rogalski shares with his father, about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded, and he was arrested. 'I don't think I said anything that horrible,' Rogalski said at a court appearance on Wednesday, NBC Connecticut reported.
Three weeks ago Jackson was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. But Dr Teo said he makes decisions based on what his patients want. For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed . Jahnae is currently in Sydney with Jackson and his family, preparing for his surgery on Wednesday .
But luckily, two officers, believed to be from the Met Police, rushed to her side and gave Hollie life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived. She is now recovering at her home in Leigh, Essex, despite her mother Denise Bennett being told to expect the worst. The family are now trying to find the police officers who saved Hollie so they can thank them in person.
A search for a sewage pipe beneath an Italian restaurant yielded two centuries worth of history. Years of excavations have seen the emergence of Roman devotional bottles, ancient vases and a ring with Christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8, and the parents are blogging about their unique experience. Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days, according to CNN affiliate KPRC.
(CNN)German police overnight thwarted a terrorist plot by a radicalized couple, a plan they suspect involved bombing a bicycle race near Frankfurt, a German terrorism researcher briefed by investigators told CNN on Thursday. "Police investigations at this stage indicate that we have thwarted an Islamist attack."
The map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side. Published online in the peer-review journal, Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society — one of the world's leading primary research journals for astronomy and astrophysics, knowing the location and motion of matter in the universe will help astrophysicists predict the universe's expansion and identify where, and how much dark matter exists.
Motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if Labour gets into power, Harriet Harman has admitted. The deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares.
Alan Rogers, who admitted manslaughter after smashing the skull of neighbour Fred Hatch after wrongly believing he was involved in witchcraft . As Rogers was handcuffed by police officers, he told them: 'I have been waiting a long time to kill that man.' Mr Hatch, pictured with his wife Enid, who discovered Rogers standing over the blood stained body of her husband in their communal garden .
But Mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. After she was abandoned at birth, long-time Hong Kong expats Tina and Rog Thomas began fostering Mui, when she was just one and a half years old.
She was booked on resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication. She was then 'guided' to the ground by BART and Oakland Police officers, the report said. But Sheehan claims she was forcefully slammed to the ground and left severely injured. Attorneys for BART said in court papers that no wrongdoing occurred and that Sheehan was partially responsible for the injuries she sustained.
A Philadelphia woman was arrested Friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group, a day after two women in New York were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a Boston Marathon-type attack. Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home. Another said; 'Only thing I'm jealous of is when I see the smiles of shuhadaa [martyrs].' She is due to make an initial appearance in federal court Friday afternoon.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall  ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at Dumbarton on Saturday to ramp up the pressure on play-off rivals Hibs. Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches and McCall insists nothing less than a victory will do at the Bet Butler Stadium this weekend as his side aim to go four clear in second while Hibs face Falkirk in the Scottish Cup semi finals. Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion .
Holiday: Frances Clarkson, 53, spent the Easter Bank Holiday weekend with family and friends in Barbados . Relax: The 53-year-old has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson .
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman. Mrs Hongfang fell down the steps and died shortly after she struck her head and lost consciousness. Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and ruled the death an accident .
Looking after a newborn baby is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life. Not for the baby. Not to mention the ultimate insult.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch (above) went as far as saying Pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti is facing a midfield selection conundrum for Wednesday's La Liga match across town at Rayo Vallecano as the European champions look to keep up the pressure on leaders Barcelona. Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of Wednesday's match with Rayo . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday . Lionel Messi will be hoping to return to scoring form when Barcelona play Almeria on Wednesday .
Muliaina, who earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup, signed for Connacht at the beginning of the season and has made 11 appearances for the Irish province so far. Connacht full-back Mils Muliaina makes a run during his side's Challenge Cup match against  Gloucester . Muliaina is led away by police following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night .
Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed.
Chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online. Mr Apter said the officers will only wear the uniforms 'internally' and not when they are patrolling the area.
While her students at Coutts Crossing Public School on the NSW north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day, the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher's disappearance as a homicide. Investigators, including forensic officers and the dog squad, returned to her home in Grafton on Monday with a crime scene warrant.
The incredible world record breaking 53:53 challenge has seen Amy raise  £30,000 for charity and become the face of sportswear specialists Brooks and lingerie company Panache .
Curtly Ambrose's pep talk to West Indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail . ‘His run-up is rather ungainly,’ Sir Viv Richards said. ‘He looks as though he should have a javelin in his hand.' Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career for the West Indies has lasted over 21 years . England women’s captain Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen on Tuesday.
In a recent interview, David, 39, explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed Le Cordon Bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children's culinary tastes. Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, said David, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Borussia Dortmund's Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany. My family didn't want me to go England,' he told Ntvspor. Liverpool and Dortmund are different, especially Dortmund.'
The viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. The four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times while episode two alone was watched 2,645,000 times .
Drafted in the second round from Louisiana Lafeyette in 2003, Tillman became a staple of Lovie Smith's stingy defense, which propelled the Bears to Super Bowl XLI. Tillman holds several Bears defensive accolades and was a stalwart of their defense during his 12 years . His work with the foundation was honoured with the Walter Payton Man of the Year award in 2014.
Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991, where he shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger. Bryant was placed under a banning order for three years and fined £500. He was also ordered to pay £200 court costs.
The antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells. As a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load. They hope the breakthrough will result in new therapeutic vaccines.
Juan Mata has been in good form for United in recent games scoring three in his last three games . Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for .
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. A troll called 'fatalsplash' then accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work .
The carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres  north of Brisbane in Vera Scarth-Johnson Wildflower Reserve, and it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds. Police found a .22 calibre gun, ammunition and a baseball bat in the woman's home. Police haven't been able to confirm reports that microchips were also discovered.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. She is in hospital recovering.
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, stabbed victim Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app Grindr . Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent.
'We all thought it might ease off after the first month, but it hasn't', it adds. For Ms Ruthven the letter came completely out of the blue and was like a slap in the face, particularly as she is a first-time mother trying to find her feet.
But Sabuhoro wasn't finished. So we built a cultural village in 2006 -- before we finished, we had tourists visiting us."
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick (left) and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players . Of course there are exceptions: Juan Mata is a cultured, classy individual on and off the pitch. The Dutchman can trust these players. That’s what happened to Luke Shaw. He regressed – he became not very bright. Phil Jones makes himself prone to injuries by crashing into tackles . And this issue of a lack of football intelligence in the squad and at the club needs a long-term solution.
But a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online. In comparison, 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends. Chloe said Facebook often made her feel like she was left out of the fun her friends were having .
Brian Leary of the United States Secret Service - the federal agency in charge of protecting the President - said the unnamed person was in custody in Washington DC and charges were pending. The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to a report by CNN. Recent breach: A bomb-squad worker examines the gyrocopter that landed on the Capitol lawn last week .
Stoke City are closing on Standard Liege starlet Thibaut Verlinden. Stoke manager Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's 19-year-old winger Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Coutinho (right) started Liverpool's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals Arsenal on Saturday afternoon . Fifth-placed Liverpool (centre) are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the Premier League . Rodgers (centre) is  preparing his side for their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn on Wednesday night .
Cristiano Ronaldo looks delighted after making up for his earlier penalty miss as Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 . Real Madrid forward Ronaldo (right) in action against Malaga's Samuel Garcia at the Bernabeu on Saturday .
A 20-year-old British tourist has claimed she was molested by a taxi driver in Jaipur, who has now been arrested (pictured posed by model) A taxi driver in India has been arrested after being accused of molesting a British tourist. The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur on Friday evening. The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.
Juan Cuardrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina but has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge . Wilfried Bony has netted only one goal as Manchester City have slipped out of the title race . Mauro Zarate (QPR) Perhaps the Argentinian should have taken the hint when Harry Redknapp tried to send him back to West Ham before he had even kicked a ball for the R’s. Callum McManaman's move to the Hawthorns has coincided with West Brom's slip into relegation battle .
When Leanne Bourne, a mother-of-four from Romford in Essex, began to suspect that her partner Steve  was having an affair, she was heartbroken. But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe. Then, a few months later, Larissa revealed she was pregnant and claimed not to know who the father was. Larissa responded angrily and more than three years on, the sisters are still estranged and struggling to come to terms with what happened.
Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October, while she was still only 17. The Old Bailey head how Ozcelik travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) youth movement have its headquarters.
Former Destrehan High School teacher Shelley Dufresne was arrested in September after the teen in question started bragging to friends at the St Charles Parish, Louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers. An investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current English teacher at the time, Dufresne, and his English teacher from the prior year, 24-year-old Rachel Respess - including an alleged a threesome with both at Respess's house. If she complies with all of those terms, the carnal knowledge charge will be dropped after three years and she will not have to register as a sex offender.
On Friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ‘King of Instagram’ Dan Blizerian. Collins reported that Paul and Blizerian were playing with $100 bills. In a profile published in the Wall Street Journal in 2014, Blizerian estimated earning about $50miillion in poker winnings in just over a year.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour .
Queens Park Rangers' Loftus Road pitch is the smallest pitch in the Premier League this season . Former Stoke boss Tony Pulis insisted on using the minimum pitch size allowed when the club were promoted .
Tim Sherwood has urged Ron Vlaar to prove himself again as the Aston Villa skipper prepares for his return. Vlaar played a starring role in Holland's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year .
Claiming innocence: Suspected murderer Robert Durst appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession. Durst was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns. Their teams’ Premier League statuses were not decided on Tuesday night, but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. By half-time we had seen the full show.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana races away for a decisive try in extra-time against Leinster . Their victory was founded on the composed goal-kicking of their Welsh Lion at full-back, Leigh Halfpenny, who finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion. Leinster centre Madigan fires over one of his five successful penalties against Toulon .
The ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband during the Election campaign. A separate poll of marginal seats by the former Tory treasurer Lord Ashcroft suggests that Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they  try to transfer to another Walmart location. Some employees of the Pico Rivera location believe the store is being closed because it has recently become a center for protests by workers who are demanding better wages and benefits.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when the time comes. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
It was in bad shape, listing to one side. "I know he went through what he went through," Frank Jordan said. Grenz was also surprised by Jordan's condition, physically and mentally.
But it was the failure of referee Paul Tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th minute for a foul on striker Callum Wilson that left Howe frustrated. Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty . Callum Wilson is brought down by a Sheffield Wednesday defender during the draw at Dean Court .
TRANSCRIPT . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call!
Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of Rangers finishing third in the Scottish Championship .
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Tottenham, while Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend's match against Aston Villa. Alan Hutton (ankle), Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair (both hamstring) are expected to miss out along with Carles Gil (dead leg), but Aly Cissokho (groin) could return after training again this week.
Officers investigating the Rio de Janeiro snack bar reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs (pictured) According to police, owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat, adding that the animals were strays he had rounded up from streets in the city, which will host next year's Olympic Games.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from England duty and hopes to see a big improvement when Spurs face Newcastle. Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham, and is just one away from becoming their first player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season. He added: ‘This season was one of transition.
The 20-day-old 'spider goat' - as it has been (inaccurately) nicknamed by Chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. 'I want him to grow up naturally and happily,' said Mr Xiao.
Real Madrid winger Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar, coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Friday, meaning the Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines. Gareth Bale (centre) is being rested by Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti for the Eibar clash . Madrid are four points behind rivals Barcelona in the La Liga title race and can't afford to slip-up .
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint . And some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing. A trial began in London bike shops on 2 April to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread.
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal, averaging one every 78 minutes . Drogba has scored a double five times for Chelsea against Arsenal, including at The Emirates in 2009 .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday morning in Wembley, north west London. On Monday morning Scotland Yard confirmed that a 46-year-old had been arrested in  Brent, north west London, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
Nigel Farage's controversial claim that foreign nationals with HIV should not be treated on the NHS was part of what insiders called a ‘shock and awful’ strategy. A Ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for Mr Farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis, in the leaders debates last night. They added: ‘We were going to go for TB but we found out that the HIV drugs were more expensive’.
Carla Suarez Navarro advanced to the final of the Miami Open after topping Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final  on Thursday. Suarez Navarro will play either Simona Halep or Serena Williams in the final of the Miami Open .
A mum is outraged after she claims her son was turned away from a Qantas flight due to his autism. Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism . Jacob was given the all-clear by Qantas, and on Friday morning he flew to Brisbane for the weekend .
Barcelona ace Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp. The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz as the former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain.
Ross Barkley steps up to take a 10th minute penalty despite the presence of Leighton Baines on the pitch . Baines (left) has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League .
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John . James Maron, the family's lawyer, said the boys were in 'rough shape'. On Friday  the US Environmental Protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying'
The Volvo Ocean Race started last October from Alicante, Spain and is currently in its sixth leg. The comedian and travel writer joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the world yacht race . Dom Joly climbed the mast for an impressive selfie in Brazil - but then claimed he was stuck .
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice. But there's one catch for their employees - they're not allowed to sit at their desks when they're having lunch as they believe the great ideas don't always come from sitting in front of a computer. Other 'Moosepiration activities' include a trip to an art exhibition, watching a toy-inspired movie at the cinemas and doing some life drawing or clay modelling at workshops.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. It comes as the Department of Foreign Affairs and Tradeplans plans to cut 500 jobs by June this year .
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight after the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois .
On loan Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez is ready to lead the line in their pivotal Champions League quarter-final second leg tie against bitter city rivals Atletico, according to AS. Maybe they could face my Real?
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemoration services are to take place at the site. An Australian flag was reportedly set alight at the Shine of Remembrance in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon .
Abducted teen Billy-Anne Huxton has reportedly made contact with a family member . The have now found that car and their inquiries continue. 18-year-old Billy-Anne Huxham was reportedly woken up, attacked with a machete and taken from her home . Following the abduction, the perpetrator broke into another home in Caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun, believed to be shotgun or rifle.
Paul Casey celebrated his last-gasp Masters invitation with two eagle threes in a fine round of 68 .
She enraged Twitter users by saying that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated', and now the plus-size industry has spoken out about Jamelia's comments on Loose Women. 'Of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on Loose Women this afternoon. Women took to Twitter to post their pictures under the #wearethethey, they have defended their bodies against Jamelia's comments . Jamelia's co-panellists were quick to leap to her defence. Jamelia also appeared on Good Morning Britain to say that she was sorry for upsetting people. ARE.
Nigel Farage today admitted Ukip has 'slipped back a bit' in the polls as the sense of euphoria among the party's supporters has waned . Mr Farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent - despite enjoying a 12 point lead over his Conservative rival just two months ago. David Cameron, pictured in Cardiff today, has issued an impassioned plea for Ukip voters to 'come back home' to the Conservatives .
The train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near the town of Trenton, shortly after 8.30pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks. It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities told WFXC. Derrick Becker, public information officer for the South Carolina Emergency Management Division, told The Associated Press that no one was injured following the Norfolk Southern train crash.
The National Bar Association is calling for North Chareston officer Clarence Habersham, 37 (right) to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of  Michael Slager, 33 (left), during the death of Walter Scott . Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran,  was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop. He said he did not resist arrest . Scott, who was remembered as a beloved father, had his coffin draped in an American flag during Saturday's funeral ceremony .
Hillary Clinton (seen Wednesday at Georgetown University) was helping approve Russia's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal . In one case a foundation run by the chairman of Uranium One, a nuclear energy company tied to Russia, gave the Clintons' family philanthropy millions while Hillary's State Department gave its stamp of approval to the company's purchase of U.S. uranium. Bill Clinton, the former U.S. president, also received one of his highest speaking fees, $500,000, in June 2010 in Moscow for addressing an investment bank linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin. The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation does 'important' work and is 'among the most transparent' of foundations, she claimed during a panel discussion at the Council on Foreign Relations. in the preceding years.
'Rat burglar': Thomas K. Jenkins, pictured is accused of robbing 18 Dover businesses . Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled. Mark Hoffman with the Dover Police Department told the News Journal that Delaware State Police are planning to file charges over a 19th robbery at Melvin's Auto Service, which reportedly occurred in a part of Dover where jurisdiction is held by state police.
Villarreal's Mateo Musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . An Ikechukwu Uche penalty, after he himself was fouled by Medhi Lacen with 52 minutes played, was Villarreal's first goal in five league games but it was not enough to give them their first La Liga away win of the year.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week kicked off in very colourful style with the Romance Was Born show . Spectacular: Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the Art Gallery of NSW .
Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his Hudderfield side's misfiring attack to climb up Super League . The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period . Anderson says there is no hiding when facing Catalans Dragons, who have the league's best defensive record . I expect a tough physical encounter on Sunday.'
Paramedics were unable to revive Mr Yeaman who was pronounced dead at the scene at around 11pm on Thursday night. Pama, who has no history of violence, was reportedly ‘beside himself’ with grief. The case is due to return to court on May 18.
A woman has emerged from a Melbourne restaurant where she was held hostage for more than seven hours . Police said the man was a 'disgruntled' former employee of the restaurant who allegedly entered a restaurant storeroom armed with a knife.
The creator of the best-selling Alex Rider spy novels has accused fellow children’s author David Walliams of dumbing-down fiction and failing to ‘challenge’ young readers. We don’t need to be afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas.
Then, seeing this tweet, dad Deion Sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, and give him a piece of his mind, writing back; 'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! Son. #truth" A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people.
Mila Kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken. The actress and her fiance Ashton Kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser Kristina Karo, because of injuries suffered while being forced to watch her music video. On Wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend, who said she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis stole her pet foul. Fight fire with fire: Mila Kunis has responded to Kristina Karo's accusations she stole her chicken as a child, with a video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video .
Joe Root became the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs, after Alastair Cook. However, Root did get there in fewer innings than India great Sachin Tendulkar. Stuart Broad walks off after yet another failure with the bat, and an entirely wasted review .
John Knott shot his terminally ill wife Anne dead before turning the shotgun on himself after the couple apparently made a pact to die together . While fighting the plans, Mr Knott was also caring for his wife of 37 years as her Alzheimer’s worsened. Mr Knott had written to the council expressing his concerns that the camp would go right past his home .
Goalkeeper Adam Bogdan has also been rewarded with a new deal by Bolton manager Neil Lennon .
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The spine-tinging video, which was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, begins with the man approaching his black Holden Ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent.
But Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force, led by General Qassem Suleimani, is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. Iranian officials, who believe their strategy is making a difference in the fight against ISIS, say they would like better cooperation with the U.S., but point out that the level of trust simply isn't there.
Former footballer Gary Mabbutt was left with a 30inch scar following a five hour operation to save his leg. Mabbutt, who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17, will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters. Emergency procedure: Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound .
A world away: The faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel Mohonk Mountain House enjoys a spectacular location . Water water everywhere: The hotel sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley . The hotel began life as a ten-room drinking inn. Then, 145 years ago, two Quaker twins, Albert and Alfred Smiley, fell in love with its setting and bought it to use as a teetotal retreat for the great and good.
Going nowhere: Cassandra Fortin was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo cancer treatment . Staying put: Ms Fortin, left, said the hospital tried to prevent her mother, Jackie, right, from visiting her room . She wants to be with her mother.' I felt like I was being treated like an animal.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said. 'He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three or four American soldiers execution style.' Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, left, speaks with his defense attorney, Sam Shamansky, during a hearing to set bond on state charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism in February .
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007 .
The elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers. He then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers. Smith was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court Smith of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud, following a 41-day trial.
During a fine debut season Chambers, who signed from Southampton last July for £16million, has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for Arsenal. It’s my favourite position.’ Chambers works hard in training (left) as the Gunners prepare to face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final .
Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho. Danny Welbeck arrives at the Manchester Arena ahead of the Nicki Minaj concert on Monday .
Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. 'It's a myth; we definitely do not recommend it.' The comments come after the Food Safety Information Council released a food safety report card as part of World Health Day on April 7.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980. Coming together: The picture at left is the image used by Carol Cole's family on Craigslist posts across Texas and Louisiana. At the same time, Bossier Parish Lieutenant Shannon Mack crated a Facebook post for 'Bossier Doe' (Facebook doesn't allow Jane Doe page names). Person of interest: John Chesson has been identified as a possible suspect by his own daughter.
The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond. Deplorable conditions: Animal Rescue Corps workers help free almost 100 dogs that had been locked up in cages in a barn in Manchester, Tennessee, surrounded by their own waste on Saturday . Much happier: The animals were relocated to a shelter in Lebanon, Tennessee, where they are recovering .
Social media fraudsters are trying to cash in on the sudden public profile of the woman who stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train. 'The only thing I want is good karma, and to live a happy and healthy life. Ms Eden said she has been 'surrounded by love' since her video spread around the world.
Germany is guaranteed to move ahead of England at the end of this season, while if Italian clubs continue to perform well this season and English clubs fail to reverse their slump, the Premier League could end next season out of Europe's elite. That would see England reduced to three Champions League places for the 2017/18 season, with Serie A taking the extra place from the Premier League.
In custody: Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed an Orlando businessman . Tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was .163 - more than twice the legal limit. According to an article in Bloomberg Business last February, Vinh Vo was the owner and CEO of Vector Planning & Services, a Virginia-based company founded in 1997 that provides IT services to the military and federal and state agencies.
Premier League leaders Chelsea host a resurgent Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday . Keeping Di Maria out of the side is Mata, and deservedly so. Will Jose meet his match in Louis? Hazard is competing with United No 1 David de Gea for the PFA Player of the Year award .
Luxurious: In just eight weeks, Lily James, the British star of Disney’s new blockbuster Cinderella (pictured), has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery . Her eight-week dress-extravaganza culminated in the Tokyo premiere where she revealed her most 'Disney princess' look in an Elie Saab gown worth a staggering £30,000 .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. Suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead .
It's fair to say he would be England's most academically gifted cricketer since Ed Smith – another Cambridge double first – won three Test caps in 2003. Surrey's Zafar Ansarihas been called up to England's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland . The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia one day . Zafar's English mother is a historian.
Alexis Sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer but eventually chose Arsenal . Sanchez has made an instant impact in English football and has scored 19 goals so far this season . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger (right) is delighted that Sanchez decided to join the north London club .
Anika Stanford (pictured), the mother of Stephanie Scott's accused killer Vincent Stanford, is assiting police with the murder case against her son . Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Ms Scott's funeral was held on Wednesday at Eat Your Greens, where she was supposed to get married .
The lawsuit alleges that when Koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year. In the lawsuit, unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The alleged victim of both lawsuits spoke to police in July after a different former Marlborough student wrote an online essay accusing the school of not properly acting upon her allegations of Koetters' inappropriate contact with her.
Their 2-0 victory over Swansea made it three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000, lifting Nigel Pearson’s side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom. Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester’s player of the season come what may. Schmeichel sensational .
Arsenal are only three signings away from winning the title and should start by pinching Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech, according to former Gunners midfielder Ray Parlour. Ray Parlour believes Arsenal moving for Petr Cech this summer would be a 'no brainer' The experienced keepers has made just four league starts this season for the Blues . 'The question is will Chelsea sell to a rival?
Suddenly, at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite, I desperately wanted to get pregnant. Sarah celebrates the joy of having her son, William in 2011, after the grief of having to end her first pregnancy .
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006... Petra Wetzel, 40 (pictured), is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine (pictured).
A new video of Rihanna at the Coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose. Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video. This is not the first time Rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at Coachella. In 2012 she found herself at the centre of a new scandal after posting a picture of herself 'cutting up' a white powered substance on the top of a man's head.
The  new ISIS photographs show the activists just moments before he was shot at point blank range . His name and the group he worked for are not known, but ISIS identified the man as a 'media activist' understood to have been murdered sometime earlier this week. The images emerged on the same day as ISIS made a bizarre attempt to portray themselves as a peace-loving group by distributing photos of smiling farmers harvesting their crops.
At the hearing, the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation. Bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws, The Courier-Mail reports. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. He argues the spousal privilege principle, established in England 200 years ago, means a husband can't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30. The Iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the Islamic world. As the most restive segment of Iranian society, the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene. Accident: Police said the crash was a one-car collision caused by a rain-soaked road . Widower: Craig Tyler says the toddler, pictured above, has told him that the white van in her dreams 'hurt' her and her car . Sightings: A plain white delivery-style box truck, possibly similar to the one pictured above, has been linked to no fewer than three hit-and-run incidents in which two cars and a school bus were side-swiped .
When Viv, a cake-factory worker from Castleford in Yorkshire, and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today — she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring. In 1977, she published her autobiography called — naturally — Spend, Spend, Spend.
Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College. Above, another view of the crash scene . Freeh was the director for the FBI from 1993 until 2003.
Its rulers have refused to give the West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) the right to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are caught in abject poverty . Generations of families have become stuck in poverty because of their continuing refugee status. There are around 100,000 people classified as WPRs, most living in the Jammu region.
Change of heart: Tara and Gavin Hills, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough . Large brood: The Hills' six sons and a daughter between the ages of 10 months and 10 years (pictured) remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics . Weary: Tara wrote that she and her husband decided to stop vaccinating their children because they didn't trust the health care system .
One of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign, the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to Yahoo Style that she's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14. 'My first job ever was lingerie,' she says. The underwear model recently launched her own collection of intimates with Canadian company, Addition Elle, and she stars in the ad campaign. she says.
Lionel Messi's foot swelling is still a concern for Barcelona after the Argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break, and he now faces tests to determine whether he will be fit to tackle Celta Vigo on Sunday. However, those hopes could be curtailed by tests on Thursday. Manchester City and Chelsea target Jose Luis Gaya shields the ball from Fernando Torres for Valencia .
It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row, their best run since the Invincibles team in 2004, and kept the pressure on Chelsea, who they meet in their next league game at the Emirates. Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their Premier League winning streak and challenge for the title .
MI5 covered up the sexual abuse of boys in the notorious Kincora home, a former Army Intelligence officer claimed last night. Brian Gemmell, a former captain in the Intelligence Corps, said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea . Adding to that in Saturday's 5.30pm clash at the stadium certainly looks a tall order - leaders Chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. The bank worker, who says she has never taken a day off sick, stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
She was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit. Thomas, a former college basketball player, was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother, Lea.
Aspell, riding National winner Many Clouds (right), goes toe-to-toe with second placed Saint Are (centre) along the final straight . Many Clouds and Aspell jump a fence on the way to winning the 2015 Grand National at Aintree . For a long way it appeared Shutthefrontdoor could provide McCoy with a fairytale second National triumph before his retirement . However, the petrol gauge began to flicker late on and the 19-time champion jockey was forced to settle for an honourable fifth aboard the eight-year-old.
As the granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway, Mariel was from one of the most famous and recognizable families in America. On top of the world: Mariel Hemingway, 53, has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides . It was the first time she had begun to tell her story.
"Kids can share what they feel comfortable with." Sometimes, they have a little fun: "I wish my teacher knew how to do a backflip."
While people west of the Mississippi River will have the best view, at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation. Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse, but it won't be visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
A study published last week suggests that overweight people are less likely to develop dementia. Remarkably the obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia. Why fatter people should be better protected from Alzheimer's is guesswork, but evidence suggests having more fat reserves when you fall ill is associated with better recovery.
Canberra, Australia (CNN)Before "Bali Nine" duo,  Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the last Australian executed for drug offenses abroad was Van Tuong Nguyen by Singapore in 2005. The executions of Chan and Sukumaran early Wednesday morning will be a different story. But the Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
RSPCA inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round . Another picture shows a horse chained to the ground, with little room to move. The animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for around a month and are understood to have been moved on by their owners following warnings from the RSPCA. It has been going on for a while.
Liverpool players Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic got more than they bargained for when YouTube star Bas van Velzen arrived at Melwood. Van Velzen lines up his first free-kick of the day as the Liverpool stars watch on .
Winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing.’ Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November. But two successive wins give genuine hope of survival with seven games to play, five at home.
Triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, from London, who nearly died in a horror crash, gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life. Along with her business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for London's Air Ambulance.
Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East and people from that region.
A spokesperson for the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona, where the surgery was performed, said a team of 45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation in February. In this man's case, it caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech. The operation took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete .
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30 - and the history books points towards that being a good thing for the Gunners. Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co . Pellegrini said: 'I think about the Academy, we must be patient. He said: 'I hope we can do it. We have to play eight finals from now until the end.
Hong Kong (CNN)Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire, provincial authorities told state media. The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in Moscow on February 27, along with four other Chechan men. Dadaev had previously confessed to Boris Nemstov's murder but now says he was beaten and pressured into make that statement .
Ally McCoist will be welcome back to the club 'with open arms' according to club legend John Brown . John Brown says that the fans love McCoist and he'd always be welcomed back at Ibrox .
Costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday . Costa has a history of hamstring problems but Mourinho is refusing to let his focus shift from Sunday's game at Loftus Road. I'm concerned about the match on Sunday.
The California giant's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity.'
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $383,414, .
He didn't. Indonesia said in many cases its efforts had worked. "Please stop the lecture of sovereignty.
Wladimir Klitschko works out in the ring in front of the media ahead of his fight against Bryant Jennings . Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' 19 defences . Klitschko is keen to face Deontay Wilder (left) in a unification clash later in his career .
Efe Obada has been signed by the Dallas Cowboys, despite playing just five games for the London Warriors. Obada only started playing American football half way through last season and was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde.
Mauled to death: Two dogs tore apart a three-legged cat in a brutal attack captured on CCTV . A woman (top of picture, exiting a blue car) appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the disabled cat to die in agony .
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season since ending his loan spell at Charlton . Coquelin is looking forward to his duel with Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic on Sunday at the Emirates . 'What he has done is unbelievable. Arsenal will be out to beat Chelsea for the first time since October 2011, when Robin van Persie netted a hat-trick in a remarkable 5-3 victory at Stamford Bridge.
Blomberg was asleep in her apartment when the explosion happened and she rushed out to see to had happened. 'I have no words, because, I mean, they're my children,' said an emotional Blomberg following the reunion .
Charles and Camilla, who are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland, were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire .
With Lewis Hamilton yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with Mercedes, it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace Raikkonen at Ferrari for next season. Lewis Hamilton celebrates his victory at the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of the Ferrari of Kimi Raikkonen .
Odds on the second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed, following the success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree, the Duchess' close friend . The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have publicly insisted that even they do not know what sex their second child will be. Mr Waley-Cohen, pictured in 2014, rode to success at Aintree on Friday and in the Grand National .
The network is not expected to reveal much more in advance of Friday's program, preferring to give him the opportunity to address the topic in the full context of the interview. Tight lid: ABC has only released snippets with non-specific quotes from Bruce, paving the way for his story to air in full on Friday's air date .
A 'superhero' scientist has ventured into one of the most radioactive places in the world - scaling missile defence system towers, getting bitten by 'radioactive' ants and eating contaminated apples that have grown on trees close to Chernobyl's epicentre. Yet despite the obvious dangers, Bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation when going for a medical procedure in hospital - and is more likely to get skin cancer by swimming in the sea without wearing sunscreen.
Novak Djokovic celebrates victory over Rafael Nadal in the semi-final of Monte Carlo .
Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the Chinese Grand Prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne . That is something of which he should be aware.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook, with many viewers deeming the scene 'cute' and 'adorable'.
But rather than Arsenal, it now seems Liverpool hold the main Premier League interest in the 22-year-old. Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Liverpool target and has also interested Arsenal in recent years .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the Scottish parliament election in 2007.
Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row as Bath seek to bounce back from the end of their European dream by defeating Newcastle on Friday night. Sam Burgess has featured mainly at centre for Bath since his arrival from the South Sydney Rabbitohs .
Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain, according to FTSE 100 bosses . Seven out of 10 business chiefs at Britain's biggest companies think Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain, a survey has revealed. It comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a Labour government. However, Mr Miliband said the letter only served to expose the choice at the election.
Government troops arrived early Thursday and clashed with the al Qaeda fighters, and most of the militants fled, the officials said. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi, a Sunni, from power.
But asked when she wants full tax powers, Miss Sturgeon said 'as soon as possible'. 'I would like it as quickly as the other parties agree to give it.' In a fierce exchange, Labour leader Jim Murphy told him: 'Don’t demonise immigrants. Worst bit: Forced to concede that Westminster would not stand in the way of another referendum if the SNP wins a majority. Best bit: Huge applause when he used self-deprecating humour to warn Nicola Sturgeon against ‘breaking a promise’ that last year’s referendum was a ‘once- in-a-generation’ vote. Worst bit: Squirmed over the LibDems’ broken promise not to increase tuition fees south of the Border. Patrick Harvie . Worst bit: Telling an audience in Britain’s oil capital the country must ‘minimise extraction’ of North Sea reserves, jeopardising thousands of local jobs.
Hodor. His defining characteristic, of course, is that he only speaks a single word: 'Hodor.' Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again. Expressive aphasia can also be caused by a tumour, haemorrhage, a haematoma in the membrane covering of the brain, or trauma to the head.
Arsenal duo Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs appear to have convinced American rapper Tyga to nail his colours to the red half of north London. Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga while taking the Rack City artist for a tour of the Emirates Stadium.
Cara Newton, 32 (with husband Chris), was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009. Some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs.
The legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year. Mr Roux, who divorced his first wife Monique, the mother of his two children – Michel Jr, and Danielle – in 2001, is said to have spent thousands on his new girlfriend.
The woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a Bali resort has found the owner. Fortunately, Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday. It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC. It means Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson who helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel.
Born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area. Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool. Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause. Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Kylie Minogue, Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years.
US-born Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island, just off the Australian coast . Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand .
Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings in East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30.
Mario Ambarita, pictured, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta . ‘His fingers turned blue and his left ear was bleeding.’ Garuda’s ground crew immediately helped him to the airport’s clinic where last night he was received treatment.
Britain has overtaken France to become the second biggest economy in Europe, figures showed yesterday. The IMF is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016. Within the G7, only the US is expected to perform better than Britain.
Not mincing words: Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui (left) started a petition saying the subject of the film, the late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle (right), was 'mass killer' and 'a racist' Taking a stand: The school's head football coach Jim Harbaugh responded to the movie controversy by tweeting that his team would watch the film . Instead of American Sniper, the school planned to show the PG-rated Paddington . On Wednesday, conservative campus group Young Americans for Freedom started a competing petition calling on the Ann Arbor school to show the film, reported Detroit Free Press.
University student Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police. All smiles: Waheed Ahmed  looks relaxed as he begins his journey back to the UK after being caught trying to sneak into Syria with eight family members .
Magistrates at Rotherham Magistrates Court took just 15 minutes to find Ms Gaynor not guilty . Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree, after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye, as part of a long-running boundary dispute. However, the prosecution then told of how her pruning of the tree 'went way beyond the lawful excuse' and caused 'unnecessary damage'.
Josh Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in Leeds. Accompanied to the ring by Vinnie Jones, the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest.
Can't let her go: The 11th grade student (left) is already visiting schools and will go to college in the fall of 2016 . The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan, the Washington Post reported. Malia's younger sister Sasha, 13, won't start thinking about college for a few years yet.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury as the Swansea City striker returned to France in a bid to get back playing as soon as possible. Gomis is put through his stretching exercises as he bids to play again in two to three weeks . Gomis works on strengthening his muscle and has also been able to spend time with his family in Lyon .
Thailand has seized three tons of ivory hidden in tea leaf sacks from Kenya in the second-biggest bust in the country's history, customs officials said today. The bust came one week after Thai customs officials seized four tons of tusks that were smuggled from Congo and also destined for Laos in what they said was the nation's biggest seizure .
Summer Elbardissy was partying at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year when she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck. Recovering: Summer Elbardissy (pictured) had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking, swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury . Seven months on, she is apparently still recovering from the fall. The 24-page document accuses the university of failing to protect her from the dangers at the frat house.
Who doesn’t love a hot cross bun at Easter? In Britain we so enjoy the spiced, sweet rolls with a cross on top, that they used to be eaten all year round. That was until Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic. Nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers, from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon.
Melbourne woman Clare Verrall was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday night . She was left with a broken nose, broken toe, and many other bruises and scratches .
Mr Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. The family were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales, pictured, when the drama unfolded . Mr Rickard said: ‘He handed her to me.
Cahill has won four cups with the Stamford Bridge outfit since joining in January 2012, including the Champions League, but the England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Kentucky State Police Trooper Robert Purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County. The area had gotten seven inches of rain overnight, but no injuries were reported. Dozens of vehicles were reported abandoned on the roadways.
Former No 1 Caroline Wozniacki picks out what she will be wearing at this year's French Open . Whatever happens when events get underway in Paris next month, Wozniacki will be dressed to impress after offering a sneak preview of some of the outfits she will be wearing.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. Colon and the city settled the suit for $20,000. Rapiejko had resigned voluntarily in 2006, and there is no indication of any disciplinary action against him from the NYPD, a senior law enforcement official told CNN.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property, the People's Daily Online reports. Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived - half an hour later.
A young Syrian boy has revealed how he saw depraved Islamic State militants playing football with a severed head inside the besieged Yarmouk refugee camp. After enduring two years of famine and fighting, Ibrahim Abdel Fatah said he saw heads cut off by ISIS in the Palestinian camp of Yarmouk. They killed children in front of their parents.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said. On Thursday morning, the Kemah police announced that the girl's body had been found in the water near the marina around 9am. Family members told KHOU that she had celebrated her birthday earlier that day.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen after the Slovenian-born player won in the opening round of qualifying for the Casablanca Open.
Nico Rosberg has claimed that team-mate Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him after his outburst . The British driver won the Chinese GP but came under fire from Rosberg for allegedly slowing on purpose .
Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches .
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast in front of her children. She was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer, suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead.
The unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe, and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks. Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
A French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services . Benitez was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it's fair to say the fans never warmed to him . Chelsea won the Europa League in 2013 under Rafa Benitez after beating Benfica in Amsterdam . The rumours are that he could now be on for a return to the Premier League - he knows English football inside out and would actually be perfect for several clubs.
Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud.' SpaceX is hoping to show that affordable, reusuable rockets are possible for future commercial missions.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Doctors at Bellevue Hospital were able to deliver the 21-year-old Glauber's baby boy, but the child died the next day. Acevedo, pictured after his Pennsylvania arrest in 2013, has a long rap sheet including previous convictions for manslaughter as well as gun and drug offences .
Lancashire’s wartime weekend . Spot Captain Mainwaring lookalikes in the battle re-enactments, do your best lindy hop to the sounds of 1940s-style bands, ogle vintage cars and indulge in a cream tea on a steam train. See the eccentric Cotswolds . Seven cars hang from giant clothes pegs on a wire in Brighton as part of the annual Art Festival Fringe street theatre . A masterful display in Norwich .
The image which shows the One Direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which Tomlinson has been seen partying hard. Scroll down for video . It appears to be after the pictures were taken . The explosive video obtained by Daily Mail Online last May sent shock waves through One Direction’s young fan base. Still partying: Louis Tomlinson heading for a night on the town in London yesterday . The way they were: Clean-cut One Direction - from left Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Niall Horan, Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne .
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across Australia and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday . The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store . Alexandra Jones from The George Institute for Global Health warned consumers not to equate KFC's attempt to build customer trust through displaying respectable food safety standards and their message of 'freshness', with healthiness .
As its founders explain, Elderflower Fields, held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest, is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities. Spa in the woods anyone? Children go free! The Green People Woodland Spa is already taking bookings for luxurious festival pampering.
This the 100 tonne crane barge that is being used to lift shopping trolleys and even cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the River Avon. It came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified by the Environment Agency during a recent survey of flood defences in Bath.
Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for Heriot's Racing Club . The hooker's ear was left hanging off after playing against the Barbarians for their 125th anniversary .
Chelsea's Diego Costa may not be risked against Stoke following a hamstring injury . Midfielder John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to leaders Chelsea. Defender Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem.
Keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world's largest Easter Egg hunt in the maze at Traquair castle. Wales . Children can discover their inner Ray Mears at  Hadrian's Wall this Easter. Budding actors can have a go at treading the boards with the Royal Shakespeare Theatre. Knights jousting at Hedingham Castle .
However this time it is both House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, who police are after, accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. Bobbi Ann House, 39, who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts of thousands of dollars, is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying .
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures, the pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple . The pair quickly got chatting, and after meeting at a party, ended up moving in together. Ali had started training seven years ago.
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine, and is disturbed that the Night Wolves has rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia's annexation of Crimea. The German government has also expressed unease at the bikers and said they would not be welcome.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. But the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. Tom Doyle, of estate agents Lloyds Property Group which is selling both properties, said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence.
The Whole Damn Farm, which costs £13.50, is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. The Whole Damn Farm burger features two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
Wayne Heneker (pictured) recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland during an interview with Nine Network's A Current Affair . Seconds after Mr Heneker shot his attacker, he discovered the gunman was former colleague Shameem Rahman (pictured) Mr Heneker told A Current Affair of the moment he was ambushed by Shameem Rahman. He says he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Paul Gascoigne hits the 35-yard free-kick that would cement his place in Tottenham legend . The Spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley . But April 14, 1991 was FA Cup semi-final day. It was, and still is. 24 years from now it still will be.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, close to amenities and a stone's thrown from public transport into the city, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room. Over the last year and a half Peckham has witnessed a phenomenal uplift with property prices almost doubling in certain areas.
Loss: A body believed to belong to Jennifer Houle (pictured left, and left with a friend) has been found in the Mississippi River in Minneapolis after she was last seen on a nearby bridge early on Friday morning . She died of freshwater drowning the medical examiner's office said in a press release, according to the Star Tribune. Houle was last seen inside a Dinkytown bar, Blarney Pub and Grill, between 1am and 2am on Friday, police said. It is not yet clear whether she fell or jumped .
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta . Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for England Under 21s at the European Championships in the summer .
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012 - but the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers . Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga . After that, City vowed to be different. For Manchester City, it is down to them to make the next move.
McCall watched his side, which contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack, battle in vain before losing 13-9 to the Clermont on Saturday.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday at 12.25pm, according to Georgia State Patrol Cpl. Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide, according to The Gainesville Times. Officials said Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the HGV for several miles. The driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. The dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the HGV driver that the motorist had tried to overtake .
He suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, which means he suffers from terrible sunburn (pictured) when exposed to sunlight . James, from Salford in Greater Manchester, was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste which blocks out the light. 'The cream was meant to protect him but he's stopped wearing it now.'
The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs and is served with a side of chips . John Clarkson in his chip shop Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston, Lancashire .
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree. Disgusting: Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham North Carolina . Race issues: The shocking incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student .
Suarez scores his first goal of the night to make it 2-0 to Barcelona after bustling past three PSG defenders . Neymar (centre) opens the scoring for Barcelona after just 18 minutes with a side-foot shot into the bottom right hand corner of the goal . Gregory van der Wiel's (left) late deflected effort gave PSG a glimmer of hope ahead of the second leg next week .
Walford-bound: Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign for EastEnders. Sarah and Denise aren't the only names to sign on the dotted line for soaps at an interesting stage in their careers. PATSY KENSIT . BARBARA WINDSOR .
The firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters. January 2015: The FCA's new cap on interest rates comes into force.
But the statue of Lucille Ball - which was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Scroll down for video . A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings. Here we showcase the very worst.
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves . Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm .
Paddington Bear was filmed in an exclusive part of Primrose Hill, a property owned by a housing association . Some tenants who are currently paying around £150 a week to live in the expensive London districts are keen to take advantage of the right-to-buy plans to try and buy their properties. Are housing association tenants covered? How will this be paid for?
Don McLean (pictured) is responsible American Pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades . And this week its lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean, were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million. Were the lyrics 'The Father, Son and the Holy Ghost' a nod to John F. Kennedy (left), Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King (right), whose assassinations occurred in the Sixties?
(CNN)An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. Caught on camera: While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts, Durham Crown Court heard . Maung was jailed for 18 months for the attack, which took place in 2012, is currently suspended from practicing and is facing a General Medical Council investigation .
The shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' following his remarks last about 'fully black' and 'half black' Ukip supporters. Mr Umunna's remarks come after Mr Farage dragged into a fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency.
Daryl Janmaat has likened Newcastle's Premier League encounter against Swansea on Saturday to playing in the World Cup semi-final last summer. That result leaves John Carver's men just seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games remaining.
Chelsea took a giant step towards the Premier League title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against Manchester United. Eden Hazard fires through David De Gea's legs for the decisive goal in the first-half at Stamford Bridge . Wayne Rooney's attacking influence was blunted by his midfield role against Chelsea . RADAMEL FALCAO 4 - Bullied out of the game by Terry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan relaxes with a cuppa while waitingfor his turn at the 2015 Dafabet Masters . The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not . The five time world champion can cut a bored figure while waiting to play his next shot . O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career in 2014 . Forever Sports goes on sale on Wednesday, April 15.
L'Hermione, with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings, is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the United States' founding fathers in the War of Independence.
But Ginsburg's misgivings about Roe have served as an important backdrop to the Supreme Court's consideration of same-sex marriage. In any case, as we head into the argument, it looks like most of the justices have already made up their minds. But Thomas only drew Scalia to join his dissent, suggesting that even fellow conservatives Chief Justice John Roberts and Samuel Alito saw the writing on the wall.
One of us served on the selection committee for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. We believe that America will see opportunity in the danger of climate change just like we saw benefits on Earth from travel in space.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2. He is pictured leaving his arraignment in in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Tuesday . According to Tulsa World, District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced.
Sylvia Freedman, who was enjoying a family trip away at Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. The entire beach, right up tot he top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow foam . The whole house was howling and it was crazy.'
Allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle United manager in 2007, and the pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. However, West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man' In February, Pearson was involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur .
Benitez famously guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes . Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham . That's why, if Rafa returns to England again in the summer - as is being speculated due to Napoli's Serie A shortcomings this season - it will receive little more than a shrug from large sections of the Kop.
He deserves everything he has achieved.' Cristiano Ronaldo (centre) scored five goals during Real Madrid's 9-1 La Liga victory against Granada .
Poldark star Heida Reed has claimed audiences' obsession with Aidan Turner's (pictured body is sexist . And if she was, the media would have a field day that she's being objectified.'
Motherhood: Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19, who is accused of murder . Denied: Lawyers for both Mack (right) and Tommy said they rejected the premeditated charges that had been laid upon them . The child was later allowed to be taken back to the prison with her mother.
Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’, the bank argued. Goldman said Labour would be ‘dragged to the Left’ by the SNP, which would result in even more money going north of the border ‘at the expense of the UK as a whole’.
The remains of Friedrich  Branft, 22, make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of Waterloo 200 years ago . A piece of wood carrying the initials CB, and the date 1792 as well as 20 German and French coins amounting to a month’s wages and an iron spoon proved crucial.
Guilty: Andras Janos Vass, 25, has been convicted of human trafficking and racketeering . Lure: Prosecutors said at least two of the victims were lured to America via the Planet Romeo gay dating website . In August 2012, prosecutors said, the Vass and his associates moved the business to Miami.
The clip, which was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans, is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. A young man called Jesse, who has been homeless for three years, said: 'I hate when it gets cold out because then all of the homeless people get on the bus.'
The Spaniard, who won the domestic double last season, has repeatedly been linked with a possible move to last season's Premier League champions Manchester City. Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge .
New research indicates that "Double Falsehood," a play first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald, was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself with help from his friend John Fletcher. The findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the "newer" play.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood. He lives in the nearby Cheval West community. He has put the property back on the market for $2.3 million.
Militants: Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa, Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in Syria and Iraq . Western fighters waging jihad in Syria and Iraq often appear disillusioned by the mundane jobs they are given upon arrival. While some complain that this involves little more than standing bored in a doorway or handing over meals, others have used their unlimited access to these defenceless so-called 'enemies of the state' to build a reputation for the kind of shocking cruelty and sadism ISIS commanders appreciate.
Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Anfield . Henderson could replace Steven Gerrard as Liverpool captain when the 34-year-old departs this summer . Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal at Liverpool but talks are expected to resume in the summer .
The first ever drawing of The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine which is dubbed the 'holy grail of memorabilia' is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction. The rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel. Yellow Submarine was a success on its release and led onto The Beatles' 10th studio album a year later .
Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. North Yorkshire Police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation. Father and daughter: Miss Lawrence (right) was reported missing by her father Peter (left) after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York . 2009 .
The 'crystal clear' footage - said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain - was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker based 50ft from the crime scene. Scroll down for video . They refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
A stunning Italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself  in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes. But the stunning 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied she was using her looks to get votes .
Chelsea and Manchester City are set to battle it out for West Ham left back Aaron Cresswell this summer . The 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the Premier League since leaving Ipswich . Chelsea, mindful of their own number of English players, are also interested in Cresswell.
More than 61 million iPhones sole . Apple didn't report any results for the new Apple Watch, which it began selling this month, after the quarter ended.
The 19-year-old, named locally as Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld (above) from Stamford hill, London, was pulled from the water in Hampstead Heath, north London, after getting into difficulty while swimming . An eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend. His body was retrieved fromt the lake at 11pm .
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc., Bloomberg Business reports. However, a Comcast spokeswoman told CNN that the merger would result in 'significant consumer benefits.'
In a bizarre statement on his party's website, Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past. He said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past, and that he sympathised with Mr Gordon's position.
If Rory McIlroy succeeds in his bid to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming Masters, it will complete a life-long journey for the world's best golfer. The Northern Irishman heads to Augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles . McIlroy hits the road as the World No 1 steps up his training ahead of the 2015 Masters on April 9 . He continues: 'I try to not talk about the Masters.
Choc on Choc's limited edition chocolates come in three different flavours . The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars in white and dark chocolate.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has spoken out about being born with and overcoming cystic fibrosis to pursue a successful rugby career.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph . Leicester Crown Court was told that two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Ian Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire. Walters, 51, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
There are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers' version of events in an internal incident report and what the witness video shows. POLICE VERSION . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott's body. Marc Moria, President of the president of the National Urban League, told the Washington Post: 'But for this video, this would have been another coverup, another fabrication, another lie told by a police officer when the police officer was clearly in the wrong.'
Yellowstone Area Bar Association President Jessica Fehr said Thursday that former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors. Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case. Baugh, per the newspaper, described the teenage girl as 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth. After prosecutors appealed, Rambold was re-sentenced in September and is serving 10 years in Montana State Prison.
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold the Brazil 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions . Currently, the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it . Rio's water quality has become a contentious topic ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Chan, the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants, once described himself as the black sheep of his family. Sukumaran, a university drop-out and the eldest of three, still lived with his parents while working in a mail room. Both men were arrested on April 17 in 2005. The first four months of 2015 has proved to be a complete nightmare for Chan and Sukumaran and their families.
As part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature, says People’s Daily Online. A couple pray as they burn paper money during Qingming. More than a billion Chinese people went back to their ancestral villages to visit and tidy the graves of their ancestors for the public holiday .
The mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on March 31, however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen, with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time. Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31 and then fired because of it .
(CNN)Last month's so-so jobs numbers confirm the challenges our economy still faces. And unemployment may still be at 5.5%, but there is wide concern among labor experts and economists that too much job growth is in part-time low-income work. Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules. Not surprisingly, such haphazard scheduling wreaks havoc with low-wage workers.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by Weinstein during a 'business meeting' at his office in Manhattan. It has been claimed the delay was because the Italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case, sources told the New York Post.
Alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil, lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home. People make hash oil at home for the same reasons they make beer, wine or booze — to save money, make it to personal taste, or as a hobby.
Under fire: Faculty at Columbia University have said some of Dr Mehmet Oz's tactics have 'sullied their reputation' - but also applauded him for the work he had carried out at the Ivy League school . He was hired because of his strengths as a doctor and receives top reviews from his peers and patients, and therefore should not be forced to leave the job 'in which he excels', they wrote. Defense: On Friday, Dr Oz appeared on the Today show and said his show would survive the criticism .
And the world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of his career. McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round.
She's famous for her killer curves, but Jennifer Lopez's upper-body is as impeccably toned. A huge fitness fan, the mother of two has completed triathlons. She avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night. What to try: .
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours, starting at 5pm on Sunday, by an 'unknown third party' who then took control of the picture feed. It is thought that the hack occurred after an employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from Facebook.
Boris Johnson last night urged Ukip voters to 'swing behind the Conservatives' to avoid the 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. The London Mayor claimed Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' as they realise a vote for Nigel Farage's party is a 'vote for Ed Miliband'. Any gain by Ukip is a gain by Miliband,' he told the Daily Mail as he campaigned in the Thanet South, the Kent seat where Mr Farage is standing.
Vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and recently told a congressional commission that all donations to his party were legal and were reviewed by electoral authorities. Anger over what has ballooned into a multi-million dollar corruption scandal has eroded Rousseff's approval rating and prompted hundreds of thousands of Brazilians to take to the streets in protest.
The collection, which was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker, will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29. Items from those movies, as well as from Michael Jackson's 1988 Moonwalker film and 1983 Thriller music video, will all be sold to the highest bidder. Baker also worked on Planet of the Apes.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s . We need five more years to entrench this economic recovery, five years to take this country forwards and not backwards. That is the Battle for Britain next month, and one this country can’t afford to lose.
Sharon Winters was searching for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. Sharon Winters, pictured here with her brother Stephen Robinson, was looking for her soulmate online .
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents, and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park, which lies just ten kilometres from the region's famous Glitter Strip, under police protection. ‘We’ll get up to mischief here on occasions,' he said.
The Prime Minister visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil the party's latest proposal to improve education standards, after announcing that under a future Tory government children who achieve poor SATs results will be forced to resit them in secondary school. Mr Cameron had planned to use the classroom visit to unveil his plan, which he said was intended to inject 'more rigour and zero tolerance of failure and mediocrity' in schools.
Walsh, a two-time winner of the National, acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to the stricken Balthazar King. Ruby Walsh (right) warned riders that Balthazar King was receiving treatment .
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44 . But they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together. William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn - after being invited round to play computer games with her son. The couple faced a lot of criticism from people who disapproved of the 29-year age gap and predicted the marriage was doomed to failure - and Marilyn's children have all but cut off contact with the loved-up pair.
A 30-stone Texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world, including latest hubby, Lance. 30 stone Gayla Neufeld met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum . Aged eight, Gayla already weighted 13 stone.
All this suggests that gauging the state of mind of the North Korean leader is no easy task.
They believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones, work most effectively when a person is asleep. Scientists have long known that sleep, memory and learning are deeply connected.
Mr Harris, who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal, accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday. 63-year-old self-made millionaire Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
Crystal Palace’s XI on Monday night may only have been worth a mere £17m, but left back Martin Kelly still made it through a City defence deemed good enough to keep £40m signing Eliaquim Mangala on the bench to tee up a chance for Wilfried Zaha just 60 seconds into the game.
The wedding of the year in Scotland takes place on Saturday when British No 1 and two-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray marries Kim Sears, his girlfriend of almost 10 years, in his hometown of Dunblane. Murray and Sears, both aged 27, met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Juventus are monitoring Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling as the Serie A side look to strengthen . The Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba and have bid for Belgian Axel Witsel (right)
Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday, Lachaux said in an interview with the radio station France Info on Saturday.
The Scottish Professional Football League has performed a U-turn by switching Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday, May 2. The league found itself at the centre of a furious row on Wednesday after announcing it had moved Gers' Tynecastle fixture with the Jambos to May 3 - 24 hours after their rivals for second place in the Scottish Championship, Hibernian, completed their campaign at Falkirk. The Hearts v Rangers match will be televised live on Sky Sports.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Borussia Dortmund looks dejected after Robert Lewandowski of Bayern Munich scored an equaliser during Der Klassiker between the teams at the Allianz Arena in November . But as these two prepare to meet in front of an 80,000 audience at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday evening, some of that lustre has been lost. It feels very weird that nothing is riding on the outcome, at least so far as the title race is concerned. Gotze refuses to celebrate after scoring for Bayern Munich against Dortmund in November 2013 .
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. Rare occurrence: The animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the North Coast of California over the 40 years that the California Academy of Sciences, has been handling such cases, a spokeswoman said . All hands on deck: Officials say it's not immediately clear would be done with the carcass after the examination .
An ice-cool display made him the second-youngest winner -- behind only Woods, who was 155 days younger that year -- and only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament's four days. She's an incredible sister, my biggest supporter.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The 39-year-old had lived at the 108-bed center from (pictured) last June until January .
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers and loaned the club £5million . Ashley - the world's 306th richest man, worth an estimated £3.3billion - was fined £7,500 for breaching Disciplinary Rule 19 last month.
Kim Hill (left) was abused for years by her step-father but never revealed her past until her partner Rob (right) encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker. Derek Osborne (left) abused Kim (right as a child aged seven) from a young age encouraging her to get into his bed for 'cuddles' At the age of nine Derek (pictured) forced Kim (pictured left as a child) to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films . He encouraged me to tell mum what had happened. Kim has started her own blog to share her experiences and inspire others . He also admitted raping another woman. He was jailed for 21 years. Kim said: 'I went to see him sentenced.
Serie A side Inter Milan hope to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure (front) this summer . Inter are also working on new deals for their Argentina forward Mauro Icardi and Croatia midfielder Mateo Kovacic. Inter's priority right now is to tie Inter goalkeeper Samir Handanovic to a long-term contract.
The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Barclays Premier League matches against west London rivals Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United. Chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . He looks to be out for a couple of weeks minimum but I'm glad we got the points.'
Manuel Pellegrini watches from the touchline as Manchester City lose 4-2 to United at Old Trafford . City sources maintain that Pellegrini is unlikely to be axed before the end of the season. But Patrick Vieira has impressed in his work with the club’s elite development squad and is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager until the end of the season if Pellegrini goes.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard are to be honoured by the PFA before they leave the Premier League . Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season, with Lampard moving to New York City FC .
Hoover to Raqqa: Hoda Muthana, 20, told how she abandoned her home in Alabama to be a jihadist in Syria. After a year of planning, she fled in November, spending money meant for college tuition on a flight to Turkey. They brainwashed her.' Kill them.'
One passenger on the flight told airlive.net that 'the engine was leaking and there was not enough fuel to get back to London.' Finally, a medical emergency saw the third flight in 24 hours - flight #BA76 from Luanda to London - diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle after leaving the Angolan City just before midnight local time on Saturday evening.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal as Atletico Madrid limped to a 2-2 La Liga draw against Malaga on Saturday. Antoine Griezmann scored twice to help Diego Simeone's side scrape to a 2-2 draw on Saturday .
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany, and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435). An independent report found no basis for the operation.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system. However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall - who is thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial. Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools, with nearly 180 educators involved, and investigators found teachers who tried to report it faced retaliation. They will be sentenced April 8 . The racketeering charges carry up to 20 years in prison . It only came to light after The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported in 2008 that some test scores were statistically improbable.
Moniz has six games to save Notts County from relegation to League Two with the club one point from safety . The League One club have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane .
Harlequins winger Charlie Walker crosses for his side's first try at the Stoop . The kicking of Nick Evans kept Quins in touch - the Kiwi fly-half finished with 14 points - before an eventful final quarter produced a flurry of yellow cards and three tries. Harry Sloan tries to evade the clutches of Cherry and Whites flanker Sione Kalamafoni . Lindsay-Hague and replacement scrum-half Robson then swapped late tries to bring the game to a dramatic if scrappy conclusion.
Andrew Hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call. Mr Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof.
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies, as part of the Par 3 Contest. Other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids, and Rory McIlroy even brought One Directioner Niall Horan along for the day's events. The Masters Tournament kicks off on Thursday at 8am and a winner will be given the green jacket on Sunday. Bubba Watson brought the whole family along to play in the Par 3 Contest.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair. The bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life . Bittersweet moment: Eleven months later, Redman, assistant basketball coach at Dalton State College, helped lead his team to its very first championship title. On April 28, 2014, Redman was driving his future wife from Dalton, Georgia, to her hometown of Mobile, Alabama, when he lost control of his Lexus in a rainstorm.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme. The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance, with experts saying: 'It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict.'
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction, with participants praying to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. Rainy weather didn’t ruin the mood at this year’s festival, which attracted thousands of spectators from Japan and abroad .
Lewis Hamilton (Britain) Mercedes 1:35.782 . Nico Rosberg (Germany) Mercedes 1:35.824 . 'Come on, guys,' he moaned over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole. Hamilton was relaxed. Jenson Button will start 17th and Fernando Alonso 18th. Vettel starts ahead of Williams pair Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas, with Ferrari team-mate Kimi Raikkonen down in sixth place as he struggled in Q3, with his best lap in Q2. Jenson Button out-qualified Fernando Alonso for the second consecutive race, but will only start 17th for McLaren .
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein (not pictured) has been found guilty of medical misconduct . On Monday the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal found that Dr Epstein had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances 'without exercising responsible medical judgement'.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairstyle in the Brazilian Cup on Thursday night . Felipe put Atletico PR just after the break before Igor Joao salvaged a draw in the 76th minute at the Estadio Olímpico do Para.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage. They are one of the couples who appear in Gays in the Military, a stunning photo essay by Vincent Cianni documenting the stories of homosexual soldiers . Before DADT, which was enacted in 1993, homosexual behavior was considered a criminal offense within the military.
During the protest march Thursday, Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. Defense claims: Serbeck's attorney says the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe that Serbeck was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit .
Scott Stephenson shouted and swore outside court after he was bailed ahead of his sentencing for a theft in which he stole a phone from a man dying of hypothermia . Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence, but failed to turn up to a previous court hearing .
Ukrainian Premier League club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt .
The image, which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S, has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia .
Cordula Schacht - whose own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics - is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. Rainer Dresen, general counsel of Random House Germany, believes this case carries an important principal and that paying such money would be immoral.
Jimmy Anderson celebrates taking his record 384th wicket in Test cricket for England . Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin to claim his 384th scalp and overtake Sir Ian Botham . Anderson drew level with Botham on 383 wickets when Marlon Samuels edged to James Tredwell at gully .
Jay Kantaria, 38, from Harrow, north-west London, had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill. North London Coroner's Court in Barnet was told the businessman had ‘recently’ left his senior position at Baring Asset Management to start a career in property development. He had everything to live for and it just doesn’t seem to make sense.’ Mr Kantaria had also worked at Wellington Management and Halbis CapitalManagement - and had strengths in ‘communication and relationship management’, according to his Linkedin profile.
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs . Bettie Jo now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs). I wanted to grow old.
But not this teenager, who goes by the name of Dark.Cyanide. High flyer: The teen regularly pictures his feet dangling off the skyscrapers, and says the tallest building he has ever scaled had 72 storeys . I can never stop finding new places to photograph' Urban: Dark.Cyanide captured this image of Manhattan from hundreds of feet up, including the Empire State Building (centre right) and One World Trade Centre in the distance .
Alex Salmond has provoked outrage after he was caught boasting: 'I'm writing Labour's budget.' 'No HS2 unless it starts in Scotland'. Alex Salmond boasted that he would write Labour's first budget because the SNP would hold the balance of power . The video of Mr Salmond's remarks came after David Cameron tweeted the footage online earlier today .
Luis Suarez curls the ball home for his second and Barcelona's third against Paris Saint-Germain . He has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games – six from six in the Champions League. Suarez's relationship with Lionel Messi both on and off the field has blossomed in recent months .
David Letterman stunned his Late Show audience into silence with a joke branded 'disrespectful to women' David Letterman stunned his Late Show audience into silence with a joke which has been branded as 'disrespectful to women'. They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates. Letterman, who was in 2009 forced to admit to string of affairs, said: 'Treat a lady like a wh–e, and a wh–e like a lady.'
Hull midfielder David Meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight despite their recent poor form . Hull are currently just three points above Burnley .
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram (courtesy of estevens) Rayden (above) was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots . It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game .
Jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland in Tyne and Wear, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over £2million. MacDonald, who has appeared on Jeremy Kyle, says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus. He refuses to use contraception and had fathered six children by the time he turned 20 - including two he claims were conceived on double-decker buses.
England cricket star Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. The lifelong Liverpool fan, 27, who has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies, made the announcement on Friday.
Centre-back Umecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level.
Kitted out: Mr Carney out running in Hyde Park . If you’re the governor of the Bank of England, the answer seems to be four. The keen runner, who training for the London Marathon later this month, was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt, which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs.
For their part, previous popes had finessed the genocide question. Because he often shines a sympathetic face on the world, emphasizing mercy over judgment, it's easy to miss the bluntness Francis brings to the bully pulpit.
Another man was in the car with Walter Scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes, it has been revealed. Patrolman Michael Slager calling colleagues on his radio after shooting dead the unarmed father-of-four Walter Scott . He grabbed my Taser,' After shooting Mr Scott, Slager can be heard telling his control: 'I need to secure my vehicle.' In the video filmed by Feidin Santana there appears to be no evidence of Mr Scott getting hold of the officer's Taser or using it against him.
Posted to Facebook two weeks ago, the loving image of Rosa Camfield and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa had sadly passed away on Monday. We have plenty of money."' Rosa and her 5-year-old great-granddaughter Mackenzie snuggle on her bed last month . Recently, Rosa had been living with one of her daughters.
After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands.
"Never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk," the statement said.
The Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail . The sound of the fish making impact with the youngster’s face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
The technlogy was inspired by lotus leaves (pictured) that repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain, for example. The Toyal Lotus lid's surface is based on this principle and creates an angle of 170 degrees. These spheres can't fit in between the bumps and consequently roll off the surface.
Incredibly it was the deceased's wife who booked the dancers as a final gift to her husband.
(CNN)What do we have for the contestant on "The Price Is Right"? A brand-new car! Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his players . ‘In the Premier League, you need physical players as well. Sunderland were beaten 4-1 by Crystal Palace on Saturday and are three points above the relegation zone .
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Inter Milan striker Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old.
Manchester City have told Jason Denayer they want him to spend next season in the English Championship. Already a PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year nominee, the Belgian scooped the same honour at Celtic’s annual awards dinner in Glasgow on Sunday.
O'Clee tied the knot with first wife Michelle in 2008. He started the affair with Philippa after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker Michelle being unfaithful. Yesterday O'Clee was jailed after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court. But second wife Philippa, 30, has vowed to stay with him. 2000: Andrew O'Clee met Michelle . He was always on the go and very energetic.'
As the weather heats up and we prepare for summer, thoughts are turning to those all-important holidays and festivals. The mother-of-two and actress is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop. Within their 'cool range', Hotsquash.com uses fabrics with CoolFresh technology woven through the seams, which is designed to work with your body temperature and keep you cool in the warm months.
The Labour shadow chancellor unveiled a poster claiming voters had lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition with 'millions paying more while millionaires pay less'. But the Prime Minister hailed today as 'money-back Monday' - with a raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters' wallets. Mr Cameron has claimed that Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula, according to CNN affiliate WTNH.
The 47-year-old has been questioned by detectives over allegations of abuse of trust and has been released on police bail . The governors said in a statement: ‘The executive principal of the Folkestone and Marlowe Academies has been suspended from his duties.
Revellers at the arts and music extravaganza in the Californian desert are known for their 'out there' outfit choices but this year festival-goers wore ever more outlandish looks. Jaden Smith, 16, wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress . One man opted for a Peter Pan costume as well as bare feet and sported a child's Wellington boot as a necklace .
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War. Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865.
(CNN)Bernie Sanders, my Vermont senator and, indeed, a friend of many years, is now running for president. He is a socialist, of course. But I applaud Bernie Sanders.
(CNN)Lois Lilienstein, co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" — the Canadian preschool show that ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s — has died, aged 78. Her son, David Lilienstein, told CBC News that his mother died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last October.
Tim McGraw is facing a backlash from country music fans who say that his decision to headline a concert for a gun control charity could end his career. However, anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw, 47, risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
By last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’. Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour backer.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. While the findings may provoke some to reassess their view of the opposite sex, the research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog. Mrs. Etzel said she never intends to speak to her son again.
Banned: Joseph Getty was caught driving his Range Rover through Belgrave Square while drunk . He was disqualified from driving for 20 months and ordered to pay a fine of £1,000, costs of £85 and a surcharge of £120. Getty is the son of Mark Getty, the founder of leading photographic agency Getty Images, and the grandson of philanthropist Sir John Paul Getty.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast . The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
His mother Julieane Jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness, the Fort Collins Police Department said on Wednesday. Essig suffered non-life-threatening injuries when he jumped out of the third-story window - through the glass and all. Essig was cagey about where he got the brownie, but said he needed to 'continue his research' about the pot-laced edibles .
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival . Wes Morgan trains with team-mates ahead of Leicester's game against Swansea at the weekend . Jamie Vardy celebrates scoring against West Brom as the Foxes record back-to-back wins .
Thousands of pounds of it. That's why an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms (more than 8,000 pounds) of waste from the high-altitude camps, according to India Today.
Drunk driver: Laura Smith has been charged with DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication . Police in Memphis have arrested a woman who they say was drunk driving and allowed a 10-year-old girl to take over the wheel of her car. The girl was released to her mother and the Department of Child Services were notified.
But the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking, saying he would 'miss being there'. Meanwhile, BBC bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto James May (left) and Richard Hammond (right) - Clarkson's co-presenters - for the BBC2 show .
Derby hero Jermain Defoe was lost for words as he tried to describe the emotion of scoring his stunning winner against Newcastle admitting he even had to question that it was even happening.
(CNN)No prostitutes. Holder doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo. The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels, among other indiscretions.
Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator when he takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night. But he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Zeus, a German Shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health. Zeus (pictured above), an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department . The police department said it was an honor to work beside Zeus. You will be dearly missed but never forgotten.
Andy King was the hero as Premier League strugglers Leicester City struck late to earn a vital three points against West Ham United . Seasoned professional Nugent had the chance to all but secure Leicester City victory but the striker missed from the spot . Nugent saw his penalty kick thwarted by West Ham United's Spanish goalkeeper Adrian during the Premier League clash at the King Power . West Ham United's Senegalese international Kouyate  celebrates after scoring to make it 1-1 while Wes Morgan appeals to the linesman . Leicester City take the lead via a spectacular effort from footballing legend Esteban Cambiasso at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .
Stewart said that she and her husband, Joseph Naaman, booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1. People assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of, but they're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage," Stewart said.
A group of Nevada sex workers, Hookers For Hillary, have come out in favor of the Democratic contender for president . The group cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her . The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch, a legal brothel in Carson City .
Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race, raising £6,000 for charity. The Beckham family pictured at the finish line after Romeo completed the three-mile mini-marathon .
Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection... and he's on the hunt for more to add. Ian Rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality . Ian used to share his collection with his sister but she found the dolls too mischievous .
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head and record a first PGA Tour victory since 2010. The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play .
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink may have steered Burton Albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager’s season is over.
Scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation (DBS), a technique already used to treat Parkinson's disease, can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Arsenal's Santi Cazorla are set to reach a Premier League milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance. Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012, but who has been the most exciting import to watch? Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action. Cazorla has wonderful balance. So is Hazard.
Research revealed that as many as three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them. But only 42 per cent charge their children rent – with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask. On top of this, 80 per cent still buy their adult child’s groceries, and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night, according to the study by website TopCashBack.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown, the unarmed, black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in a St. Louis suburb, announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson. Brown's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives Matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities.
Brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system . Pulpit Rock, Forsand, Norway . Known by its formal name of Preikestolen, this steep cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft.
The RSPCA says the Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also being fed a special diet to help him gain weight.
Photographer Martin Beck has snapped Captain America, Iron Man and the Green Lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week. The Dubai-based artist of Scottish and South African heritage  has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called We Can Be Heroes.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before departing to Tottenham . The Argentine manager (right) embraces Ronald Koeman (left) as he took on his former side in October . As Pochettino prepares to return to St Mary’s for the first time since he left, Sportsmail takes a look at how his two tenures compare. Calum Chambers (left) and James Ward-Prowse (right) both rose to prominence under Pochettino . Mauricio Pochettino (left) has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both Spurs and Southampton . It appears there is more of the same at Spurs. A passing and pressing philosophy has been deployed by Pochettino throughout his managerial career .
Stephen Curry scored a stunning 34 points for the Golden State Warriors in there play-off game . Visiting Washington outscored Toronto 11-4 in the overtime in winning the opener of their first-round playoff series. Paul Pierce (left) top-scored in the clash with 20 points as the Wizards secured an important play-off win .
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced there is more to come from striker Harry Kane after seeing him plunder his 30th goal of the season. Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side's 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Newcastle on Sunday. However, Pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old England hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game.
Needless to say, we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara. For me, from talking to Carl, I think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return. I’m not going to rule that one out. James DeGale (right) has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return . After a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water.
Freshman Justise Winslow led Duke with 19 points while national freshman of the year Jahlil Okafor had 18 points, 10 of which came in the first half. "The defense was terrific," Duke Head Coach Mike Krzyzewski said.
Jonathan Trott returns to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness . Dr Steve Peters worked with the batsman and gave him the necessary tools to return to the game .
Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at the mice-ridden Pizza Plus Fried Chicken business run by Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, in Gillingham. They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
Angela Linton wrote the vile message, directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien, after a row about a school outing, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. The 47-year-old, from Handsworth in Birmingham, has been given a community order, told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
The findings will add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools. In 2006, it was second in the world for maths, while in 2012 it was 12th. Finland was improving in the 1980s but rounded off in around 1995.
While the waitress took to an online blog to detail how Mr Key pulled her hair in the cafe on six occasions, owners Jackie Grant and Scott Brown have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . They further stated that Mr Key is popular among the staff at Rosie cafe in Parnell, east of Auckland. The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie (pictured) in Parnell, east of Auckland . ",' she wrote. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years, crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat. Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy . After crossing the finish line he said he had lost three stone during the trip .
Loss: 42-year-old Tom McTevia, pictured on a trail he campaigned to make accessible for wheelchairs, has died after accidentally plunging over the edge of an Idaho overlook while on his ATV . Victim: His passenger and best friend, Tina Hoisington, pictured, also died in the accident on Sunday . Active: McTevia was left paralyzed by another ATV accident in 2004 but continued to stay active .
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. Moschetto's attorney, Randy Zelin, said Wednesday that his client "will be defending himself vigorously," the New York Post reported.
However, a president of the Australian Vaccination-skeptics Network said the message had nothing to do with the group. The post, which has since been removed, caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of the group alike, with social media users labelling the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault. The image was posted in response to tough new 'no jab, no pay' laws which was announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April . 'As written in the about section, the AVN has not owned this Facebook page for some time. This page is open to the public.
No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on, and that factor has taken the tag of the 'Crucible curse'. Mark Selby and Norwegian Kurt Maflin look on during their first round match at the Crucible in Sheffield . Hong Kong cueman Marco Fu took the final frame of the session with a break of 66 to nudge 5-4 in front of Bexhill's Jimmy Robertson.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing Chelsea. 'They can afford to have a blip and still win the league but on the flip side, we need to pick up every point we can.
The Trussell Trust asks for the ‘donation’ from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks. The Trust says: ‘Foodbanks are asked to make a £1,500 donation towards these costs.’ PR and branding: Critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be better spent on food .
Named Cats and People, the cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills. The opponent? Foch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . One question for the IBF: .
An online campaign set up to raise money for a Blackpool pensioner who is being sued by the club's owners has reached its £20,000 target. Owner Owen Oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands . Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on a supporters' messageboard last week .
Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8, which is how tall her son Titan currently is. Great news: Tiffanie and her husband Eric Gabrielse, a 29-year-old Marine, are expecting their second child in September .
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be sold . Richard Attenborough was present – behind or in front of the camera – at some of the most magical moments in cinema history, and following his death aged 90 last year, the actor-director’s treasured possessions are going up for up sale at auction house Bonhams. 'It is simply not possible to keep it all, even though we would absolutely love to.
But over the last year, Rob Kardashian - brother to Kim, Kourtney and Khloe - has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. His elder sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes that Rob suffers from social anxiety. In a new episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians Rob's Mother Kris (left) and his sister Kim (right) are seen arguing about how best to handle him .
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag Span, when she opened the Sunday Mercury newspaper . Dunn (pictured right) went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn (left), just three years after the cover shoot .
'Then to come here today, especially with City starting well and going a goal up, that was a proper performance they've put in out there today.' Fellow pundit Niall Quinn declared United's performance 'the best  I've seen since the glory days of (Sir) Alex Ferguson.'
BBC commentator Guy Mowbray's commentary notes for Liverpool's league match against Newcastle . And Mowbray was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups, naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field.
Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the Riverside Stadium. At the time the police said the alleged gesture took place as the Blackburn players applauded their own fans.
Fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance. Renovation: Massey Shaw has been restored to its former glory seven decades after helping to save 600 troops from the Dunkirk beaches . Voyage: Volunteers are now hoping to transport the Massey Shaw back to Dunkirk to celebrate its amazing achievement .
The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle. The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016, when the program will begin more complex trials to ensure a seamless process from detection and tracking to firing, all from mobile tactical vehicles.
Liverpool have made contact with Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc to sound out the figures. Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut. City need to address their shortage of homegrown players and McCarthy could fit in. West Ham have revived interest in Pedro Obiang of Sampdoria as they consider midfield targets.
An exclusive ComRes survey for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows the Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip. It is the first time since late 2013 that UKIP has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems . The poll will also ease Tory jitters, showing that with less than a month to go to election day, the Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent.
The plot where Lizzie Borden and her family are buried in Fall River, Massachusetts, was vandalized . The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint. The murder and trial inspired the schoolyard rhyme: 'Lizzie Borden took an ax and gave her mother 40 whacks.
Lewis Hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the Formula One season, taking his brother Nicolas out for a spin out in LA. The two-time Formula One world champion took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish Shelby Cobra. Heading to Santa Monica!
That's one lesson to take away from a video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart showing a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported. His story made headlines after the boy was initially refused a transplant because doctors said he would not be compliant with the treatment . Following pressure from national media coverage, the boy's family and civil rights groups, the hospital backpedaled in August 2013, and the teenager received a new heart.
Bio security measures are being stepped up at Brisbane International Airport after mosquitoes that could potentially infect Australians with debilitating diseases were found on three separate occasions. In February, authorities were forced to step up bio security at Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds. “There have been no further detections in Perth, Adelaide or Melbourne since the new measures were rolled out.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities said.
Prince Charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the '100-year-old teenager' as hundreds of mourners gathered for her funeral. In a letter to Hayley Okines's grieving parents Charles described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer, who died earlier this month, as 'an inspiration to millions'. She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
An infertile woman convinced her new husband to repeatedly rape her 15-year-old daughter so she could have another child. Misty Machinshok, 33, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times'. Both victims are now in foster care.
Brown criticised Kick It Out for not doing enough to help him in his case from October last year .
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
Cassey's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the California resident’s fitness videos still manage to get under her skin – and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans.
Didier Drogba with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award following all the charity work he's done in Africa .
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at Ewood Park . Aston Villa vs Liverpool . Sunday 19 April, 3pm . Ewood Park was sold out for the quarter-final replay after the initial tie at Anfield last month ended goalless .
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. The title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated, but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak and lonely winter following a lost summer of love.
Pierre Collins was phootgraphed Monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center. The police chief said Sunday the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
A new poll of the most fashionable Brits puts David at number three, with Victoria trailing behind at number nine. Audrey Hepburn (27 per cent) 2. The royal family got a good show - Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth .
Josh, from Mossley, near Ashton, only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went 'absolutely bonkers' when she saw it. Josh (centre) was tattooed by his friend Rob Gaskell (right) who was taking revenge on his mate after Josh had attempted to tattoo Rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong . The pair are both getting their tattoos removed by laser technician Maria Patricia (right) and say the incident hasn't affected their friendship .
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' throughout the film. Lexy Wood, 13 (back left), has apologized to Rebecca Boyd (right) after her mother posted a message on Facebook. Mrs Wood and Mrs Boyd ended up meeting at the end of March and now share a bond, they say. Both families have had dinner together and Mrs Boyd has also received money for movie tickets and snacks from the Woods.
New pictures have emerged of Louis Tomlinson's wild night of partying with a group of five girls. The One Direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night, in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. Scroll down for video . Jokes: The Snapchat video shows Louis back in his room at the Soho Hotel in London with his female friends, as one of them jokes that they aren't sure which member of One Direction he is . It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the group.
Security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older . The pair told Thomas Fox-Brewster from Forbes that the flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4. The flaw means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon. that baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth, adding: 'He's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine.'
The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff, who also threw out the child's bottle, in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm. The 35-year-old actor mocked the airport, in Crawley, West Sussex, even further by ending the tweet with the hashtag ‘#ScaryBaby’. Gatwick Airport’s website says passengers are allowed to ‘carry enough baby milk or baby food’ for their journey in their hand luggage, and advises travellers to pack the rest in their checked luggage.
Internationally renowned design duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection. Fashion police: Terry Biviano (left), Rebecca Judd (centre-left), Carissa Walford (centre-right) and Jesinta Campbell (right) rule the row .
At least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. By 10:44pm the tornado had moved to near Covington - just 25 miles south of Fort Worth.
Bali prosecutors want an Australian man allegedly caught smoking a joint on the beach to serve up to 12 years in jail. Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Shooter: Police that Everardo Custodio, 22, was firing into a crowd of people in the Chicago neighborhood Logan Square about 11.50pm Friday when an Uber driver witnessing incident produced his own firearm and shot Custodio multiple times in the legs and lower back . The incident occurred about 11.50pm and there were no other injuries. The driver is not facing charges .
Hashim Amla is to join Derbyshire next month for three NatWest T20 Blast and two LV= County Championship matches. The South Africa Test captain celebrates as he reaches 150 against Ireland at the World Cup .
Lagerfeld, 82, said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan. 'She did two jobs and made three million euros last year. Lagerfeld shot the adverts for the Japanese company She Uemura with his pet becoming the first cat to front a beauty campaign. While in New York recently to present his latest collection Choupette had her own room at the £400 a night Mercer hotel.
With that in mind, Gröning's trial reminds us of other mass atrocities that still await their moment of moral and legal reckoning.
But shoppers at London's Westfield Stratford City shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of Benedict Cumberbatch in their midst. It took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture, which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg . Award-winning: Both Jennifer Lawrence and her cake alter-ego have won awards . ribute: Kevin Bacon has a bacon sculpture to his name while Jamie Dornan has been made into a cake .
But, according to one new study, a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. The survey of 1,025 Australian parents, conducted by Officeworks, found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance 'more important' things in the last week, than had men. Another worrying statistic that was revealed in the Officeworks survey is that 85 per cent of younger Australians, specifically GenY respondents, said they have also stopped pursing interests that they are passionate about because they feel they should be spending money on 'more important things' or using their time to complete work or home duties.
James Webster, 35, was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency . But Webster walked free from court after magistrates sitting in Slough, Berkshire, ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme, as part of a three year community order.
The DIY boat during its construction. The pair used scrap wood that they had found and spent just £9 buying silicone adhesive . After rescuing the men, who were found without lifejackets the RNLI crew had to bring the boat to the shore .
BREAKTHROUGH . by Jack Andraka with Matthew Lysiak . Then a close family friend, Uncle Ted, died of pancreatic cancer. When his test for detecting pancreatic cancer won the top award at a prestigious international science competition in 2012, his wild celebrations at the awards ceremony went viral.
Ms Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Woodberry, in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm – rapidly flooded. Steve Spowart paddled out to where the horses were stranded, with concentration etched on his face, before diving down into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire they were trapped in . Steve Spowart spent five hours helping to rescue the horses from the farm in Maitland, NSW . The problem was the water covered the fences and the horses couldn’t see it so we had to cut them all back to get them out,’ Ms Sharrock said.
A 13-year-old boy has been jailed for more than 11 years after pleading guilty to a brutal stabbing making him one of Britain's youngest ever murderers. The boy, who is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang, pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old Christopher Barry twice in the chest outside his home in Edmonton, north London, on December 14 last year. He fatally stabbed Mr Barry twice . The court heard the teenager was given a police caution and excluded from his first school when he was caught with a knife and cannabis in February 2013, then aged just 11.
Porto supporters gave their team a hero's welcome following their 6-1 defeat at Bayern Munich on Tuesday . It was the first time that Porto, who had been unbeaten in this season's tournament up until Tuesday night, had reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League since the 2008-09 season.
One of the men 38-year-old Lianna Barrientos wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force, it has been revealed. She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. Her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010 . The Department of Homeland Security was 'involved' in Barrientos' case, the Bronx district attorney's office revealed to the Times.
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent, and failing, initially, to pay her compensation. Miss Bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. Last year, Miss Bekele won an injunction banning the film from being shown in Ethiopia.
Still an amateur, the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world No 1 Rory McIlroy. ‘I’d prepared well for this, but it shows my game is not good enough yet,’ he admitted.
Blackburn salute their fans at Anfield after earning a Sixth Round replay at home to the Premier League side . The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season . Daniel Sturridge will be crucial to Liverpool's chances of reaching the FA Cup semi-final . Steven Gerrard is also missing.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals Hearts . Not a lack of respect.
Robert Lewandowski fires Bayern Munich ahead against Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday afternoon . The Poland international punches the air with delight maintained their advantage at the top of the table . Frontman Thomas Muller celebrates after scoring Bayern Munich's third goal with eight minutes to go .
A father faces felony charges for bring home an injured eight-inch alligator for his son to nurse back to health. But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal. It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote for the General Election . Ex-England star Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics . Campbell, 40, last month ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington after Sir Malcolm Rifkind announced he would be standing down.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood, in addition to a two-bedroom maisonette on the lobby floor. Views of Central park: If it sells for $75million, the home will break the record for most expensive co-op sold on the Upper West Side in history. Moore and Willis were married from 1987 until 2000 and share three daughters.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age. 'You're too young for a 51-year-old!'
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin (pictured earlier this week) in Moscow today, amid reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas .
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges. Phil Rudd, 60, appears in court on Tuesday on charges of threatening to kill and possession of meth and marijuana at Tauranga District Court. One 'threatening to kill' charge has been dropped and he has been remanded Rudd on bail, with existing conditions, until sentencing on June 26. Drummer Chris Slade replaced him for a performance at the Grammys in Los Angeles. The highly anticipated Rock Or Bust tour will head Down Under in November.
The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a car parked at 131st Street and Jamaica Avenue Saturday morning . Paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition . She was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising.
Arsenal midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is also on the club's injury list and is ruled out for the Reading match .
Arrests were made Sunday in Minnesota and California after an investigation into youths traveling to join ISIS in Iraq and Syria (file picture) Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis (above) were already known to authorities, according to reports . The US Attorney's Office and the FBI will hold a news conference Monday to announce details about the joint terrorism task force operation.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning . She was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville around 8am . Konopelski  was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator, the St Louis Post-Dispatch reported.
Sandra Bullock was horrified when she discovered that Joshua Corbett had broken into her house last summer . Corbett, who was found in Sandra's home clutching a love letter for the actress, has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him . A-listers such as Madonna, Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber have also been plagued by the experience. Gwyneth Paltrow: David Michael Soiu .
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims Manchester United bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign Radamel Falcao on a permanent deal in the summer. Colombia striker Falcao joined United on a one-year loan deal in September but has failed to shine .
Martin Odegaard takes part in the warm-up ahead of Real Madrid's clash with Almeria at the Bernabeu . Odegaard will become Real Madrid's youngest player in the club's history if he comes on .
Lesbians4Hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community. Critics also point out that as First Lady, she did not oppose her husband signing 'Don't Ask Don't Tell,' which banned being openly gay in the military or the Defense of Marriage Act, which banned gay marriage at the federal level.
Dr Wilson, clinical director for child health at Southampton General Hospital, claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old’s cancer returning. Clinicians in an ‘impossible situation’ as a result of King family’s flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors . The family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour .
But Monopoly-makers planning a special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road. Game-makers say they have developed boards for cities across the country but have never come across the current dilemma. Exeter City Council Leader Pete Edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown Monopoly (board game pictured) spots, which are taken up in London by Old Kent Road and Whitechapel Road .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . A decade ago he began to take his sport seriously. The English youngster spent seven years at Queens Park Rangers before moving to Liverpool in 2010 .
A beach hut (pictured) on desirable Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of Britain . It has a kitchen, living area, mezzanine sleeping area and a sun terrace with incredible views over  Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight.
Last year Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, Dustin Wong, 31, has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia, capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world.
Mower  County Sheriff Terese Amazi said farmer Daniel Weness, of LeRoy, reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn. Chief Deputy Mark May said that there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed.
The Russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
It was the second time in less than a week that Murray had visited the Nou Camp after attending on Saturday . Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman .
A missing schoolgirl who was seen on CCTV footage with an unknown man on a city street late last night has been found safe and well.
Leaning on a seawall in Deal, Kent, Ukip leader Nigel Farage told ITV's Julie Etchingham about his childhood, family and his plans to go on and on . 'I have decided I will stand down before the 2030 general election,' he said with a laugh.
BARCELONA vs BAYERN MUNICH . JUVENTUS vs REAL MADRID . Ties to be played on May 5/6 and May 12/13 . UEFA will make the Europa League semi-final draw first. LAURIE WHITWELL: Sorry Pep, but Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final . As you can see, even our reporters can't even agree... OUR REPORTERS HAVE THEIR SAY ON WHO WILL WIN THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE .
Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday. It came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C at St James's Park in London and at Frittenden in Kent.
Czech immigrants were trafficked into the UK by a Roma family on the promise of a 'better life' were forced to work for free and sleep in cupboards, a court was told. The victims were lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs' - being made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter, prosecutors say. They eat mostly tinned food.'
The Islamic State is now in control of almost all the camp." An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk, stuck between ISIS and Syrian regime forces in "the deepest circle of hell," in the words of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Arnold Palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th Masters and provide the first storyline at Augusta National this year. The 85-year-old legend, who won seven majors, defied an injury to hit his tee shot . South African Gary Player split the fairway with a glorious drive that belied his 79 years .
The murder at 11.15am on Tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination because the gunman was thought to have used a silencer and it took place away from CCTV cameras. The father-of-six from Acton, west London, had links to the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group outlawed in Syria and other countries in the Middle East.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the British Championships to ensure qualification for the World Championships this summer.
Between Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Juventus, the big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times. Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League trophy and second in a row with Real . Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League . Messi and Ronaldo have had many duels, and could have another one this season in the Champions League .
No arrests have been made. The Health & Social Services Department said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council (GMC) was informed . She said anyone with concerns can contact staff at Mignot Memorial Hospital.
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas following the incident that left her with a broken hip. She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received - including a terrible fear of anything yellow. Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'It sounds crazy I know, but I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones.
A Kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily and could face possible charges following comments the boy made during an anti-drug education program at school. 'I will, I will get him and I am not going to stop until I do.' Authorities took the boy into protective custody and placed him with his father, Ralston said.
SpiderFab uses arachnid-like droids to construct large objects in orbit.
Scroll down for video . The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December, sickened 147 people in the U.S., which has seen the debate over vaccination flare up.
The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary.' A baby on the way: Jessa Duggar announced she's expecting her first child with Ben Seewald, 19. the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star announced on Tuesday . Jessa's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars. Jill, the fourth eldest Duggar, welcomed son Israel David earlier this month, ten months after her wedding. The Seewalds live in a house on the Duggar property, owned by Jim Bob and Michelle.
(CNN)The bad news for Rio de Janeiro ahead of the 2016 Olympics keeps coming after scores of dead fish appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon. Last week, newly obtained video from newspaper O Globo showed a sailor crashing into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Letizia, along with her husband King Felipe met with the relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month. The flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards. Spain's Queen Letizia comforts one of the relatives of one of the victims of the Germanwings plane crash, which saw 150 people killed .
Wow-worthy wardrobe: Barbie has 'thousands' of pieces, most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her Instagram account by the brand's director of design . Some combination of Ms. Culmone, Mr. Best, and Mr. Zukanovic travel to each location that Barbie visits, including London, Paris, and New York for Fashion week, California for Coachella, and Miami, Florida for Art Basel. Karl Lagerfeld, Rachel Zoe, and fashion blogger Chiara Ferragni have also appeared on the page.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared leaving West Indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first Test. Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua . Ballance, who had a poor World Cup , said: 'It's been a tough winter but four bad innings don't make you a bad cricketer.
Celtic's Stuart Armstrong (right) is hoping to get his hands on the Scottish Premiership title . Armstrong completed a move from Dundee United to Celtic during the January transfer window . Armstrong joined Celtic along with his close friend and former Dundee team-mate Gary Mackay-Steven .
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers believes a 'very poor decision' by Michael Oliver's assistant referee was one of the reason's Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup semi-final by Aston Villa on Sunday night.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season but scored just 19 against Glamorgan . 'If people are playing well in the team, why should he just get straight in?' Pietersen is keen to play for England again after being sacked in 2014 .
The 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home. Such was the force of the attack, that the blade of a knife being used to stab her in the head broke. Steven Young, pictured right,  was jailed for 18 years by a judge at Newcastle Crown Court after he admitted attempted murder of Miss Bolton, pictured left, shortly after the seven hour ordeal . Miss Bolton now suffers with mild brain damage and is often scared to leave the house .
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent 'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March . While rabbits under one year old have a higher chance of surviving, about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the calicivirus, also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD), which damages the animal's liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging and bleeding.
Searching for free cocktails? Download this nifty app, which exchanges Facebook check-ins for gratis drinks. Easily calculate the nutritional values contained in your meals to feed yourself balanced meals.
Kolo Toure (left) admitted Steven Gerrard was 'sad' after the loss but he also felt sorry for Liverpool's fans . The Reds boss admitted that Aston Villa deserved the victory as they progressed to the FA Cup final .
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. He asked the BBC under the Data Protection Act for copies of his wife’s emails, in the hope they will provide evidence of her ‘appalling’ treatment by the Corporation, which he has spent months pursuing.
Catwalk with a view: Crowds gathered to take in the show from the balcony of the iconic club . Mono: Ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways . Ten Pieces is headed up by Icebergs restaurateur Maurice Terzini and his partner Lucy Hinckfuss.
(CNN)The man who beat serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer to death inside a Wisconsin prison says he did it because of Dahmer's creepy sense of humor -- which included turning prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood, the New York Post reports. In a separate story, the Post quotes Dahmer's former prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past.
In Abu Dhabi, police say a 24-year-old was airlifted to the hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility. Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend .
At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender. Only just over half (53 per cent) know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces, while one in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815. Young people were also likely to associate the battle with the London Station, with one in eight of those aged 18-24 saying they'd never heard of the battle .
Hollywood actor Keanu Reeves made no secret of his passion for Formula One when visited and sampled the atmosphere at the Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes. Reeves, who has starred in blockbusters such as the Matrix trilogy, has been pictured at Grand Prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead.
Hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap, beating Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. The German appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake Hamilton's hand.
Lucy Verasamy proudly shows one of the healthy and tasty dishes created at Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons . We decided to go for the full-on dining experience and the seven-course taster menu. Le Manoir boasts  stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt . The Food, Mind, Body course costs from £395pp.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to Under 21 league leaders Manchester United after playing out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park. The result saw Spurs climb to third behind United and Liverpool while the Blues remain eighth.
Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus and is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women . Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub on May 12, 2013 . Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
Patrick Randall (pictured) was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as Billy Flynn, who was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover, shot him in the head . Flynn was paroled last month; Smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder. Now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing  - he won't be released until after June 4.
There were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful. Scenes from Baltimore . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said he met Thursday with the family.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours. The event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park . The record was probably set .
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42 . The woman in question was teenager Christina O'Gorman, posing for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'Gorman back in 1913. Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards.
Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday and was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure who is set to start against Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday .
The body of the 50-foot whale was tagged after it washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week . A man who took pictures of the whale, Alan Grinberg, said: 'The East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club, or whoever did this, stinks more than this whale's rotting flesh.'
The Chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in English football since joining from Barcelona last summer, netting 22 goals in all competitions so far and being nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise, labelling the Spaniard a 'spectacular player.' Arsenal have reached the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season after beating Reading last week .
Helping hand: The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945, in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies . Diminished: At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year .
Poppy Smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling . She compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in Worcester city centre an 'awful experience'. West Mercia police confirmed they had followed up Miss Smart's complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour but had not taken further action.
Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month. Adorable: Louie, a full-grown Dalmatian, is shown here snuggling with Uno, a three-week old kitten .
Meanwhile Ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6, while it is offering 2/1 on this summer being the hottest ever. Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers, but it will be dry and bright elsewhere. Forecasters expect the South to reach 17C (63F) tomorrow, 21C (70F) on Tuesday, 23C (73F) on Wednesday and 20C (68F) on Thursday. Incoming high tides and strong winds: Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria .
But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group. Kevin Morgan (pictured right) was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his friend Max Clifford (pictured left). 'The footage proves that he no longer participates in the maintenance and DIY activities that were once such a large part of his life.' The accident, and its after-effects, put an end to all that, Mr Browne told the judge.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. 'She has no vision at all without her glasses,' her mother Amanda Lubiewski told Fox 2 Now. When Lubiewski found out other children at Abby's school were allowed to wear their glasses for the photographs, she felt her daughter had been discriminated against. LifeTouch School Photography has apologized to the family and will re-take Abby's school picture for free .
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. But in the Knipovich Ridge it is trapped as gas hydrate in the sediments.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby . The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
The 56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'. It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist, the auctioneer said. It will be sold by Bonhams in New York on Monday.
Mr Cameron will show that, since Mr Miliband became Labour leader, the SNP has trooped through the lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of Commons divisions. The SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy. Warning: David Cameron will unveil analysis to show Labour and the SNP are 'really on thre same side' today . Labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do the same for a looser arrangement that would prop up a minority government led by Mr Miliband.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz . Mouscron are currently 13th in Belgium's Pro League, with players including Tristan Dingome (left) Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland and have been looking at other link-ups across Europe to help develop their squad.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them.
Bettinelli only made his debut for Fulham this season and has one more year left on his contract. Mourinho sees him as potential back-up to Thibaut Courtois and Petr Cech is expected to move on in the summer with Paris Saint-Germain favourites to sign him.
Pattie Boyd has tied the knot for the third time, this time with Rod Weston at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London . Pattie, photographed with Rod and their dog Freddie, was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past . There were still splashes of style, of course, from the Bentley that took the happy couple to their wedding breakfast at the uber-trendy Beaumont Hotel in Mayfair to the presence of Pattie’s fellow Sixties model Edina Ronay.
The bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to Dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich. In a new interview the Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing, and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves .
FC United of Manchester, the club set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United, are now two promotions away from the Football League.
The Prime Minister, who travelled to Glasgow this morning to unveil the Tory Party's Scottish manifesto, accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain. Mr Cameron said Ed Miliband could now only become Prime Minister with the support of the SNP. Mr Cameron's blistering attack comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between the main 'challenger' parties - including Mr Miliband and Ms Sturgeon, alongside the leaders of Ukip, the Greens and Plaid Cymru.
The survey by financial guide Money Advice Service found 45 per cent of Brion have lied about their earnings, spending and credit cars, and 41 per cent of people surveyed din't know how much their partner earned . One in four men lied about technology purchases . 'The important thing to take away from this research is that money should not be a taboo subject within a relationship.
These are some of the best videos of the week: .
The Argentina international is the best player in the world, according to former striker Eric Cantona . Pastore, who cost the French league leaders £29million, has three goals and five assists this season compared with Messi’s 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Spanish rivals Real Madrid. He's the most creative player, I think, in the world today. Spain did not win the World Cup, Catalonia did.
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after some heavy defeats last season . Aaron Ramsey (left), Jack Wilshere and Nicklas Bendtner of Arsenal stand dejected after the fifth City goal .
Dele Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament next month . Dele ALli has impressed for MK Dons this season leading to Tottenham signing him for £5m in January . The aim is to eventually get into the first team.
Churton described how he told his group to get down just before the snow devastated the base camp (pictured) He said: 'I told the group to get down. It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run.' As the wall of snow approached, he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best. After the mountains of snow had passed, he managed to dig himself out and began searching for colleagues. At least 17 people who were on Mount Everest at the time have died while others are still unaccounted for.
Production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon, US, and will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services. In the report, Robert Baumgartner, an assistant director at Clean Water Services, told regulators it was designed to 'raise awareness of the reusable nature of all water'.
The Rangers board have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. Controversial Sports Direct and Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 stake in Rangers .
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego. He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February . Utah police said in court documents that they want Alshammari held without bail in Utah because they believe his international connections and willingness to walk away from $100,000 bail mean he'll flee the country to avoid prosecution.
Super Bowl champions New England Patriots will begin the 2015 NFL season at home to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday, September 10. Aaron Rodgers' Green Bay Packers will take on the Chicago Bears at Lambeau Field on Thanksgiving night . For the full 2015 season schedule, visit NFL.com.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year after the case came up for periodical review. The woman, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends. Police said they have ruled out any foul play and the woman remains on bail while the CPS decide whether to charge her with failing to register a birth and preventing a lawful burial. The baby was stillborn.'
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years . The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium. The Rubber Bowl, which cost about $550,000 to build, was sold to Team1 Properties  for $38,000 in 2013. The group's plan to refurbish the stadium into a home for a United States Football League team fell apart, but there is still hope .
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. Ms English (pictured with Ms My Huong and ABC journalist Sally Sara) goes on a journey to re-connect with her mother land, Vietnam .
President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the Sewol, taking into account the opinions of the relatives and salvage experts. But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £68million . The Sewol's captain was jailed in November for 36 years for gross negligence and dereliction of duty, while three other senior crew members were sentenced to jail terms of between 15 and 30 years.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce will hope for a strong end to the season, but it has threatened to tail off . 'We are expecting them to put in a determined performance in front of their own fans.' West Ham will be without Senegal forward Diafra Sakho because of a thigh strain, but Enner Valencia has recovered from a foot problem and so will lead the front line alongside veteran striker Carlton Cole.
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is confident it will take just 'five minutes' to finish a contract extension off . A calf injury which sidelined him since the end of November has been followed up with a minor ankle issue . 'It is part of the job and we have all been there.
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano. 'Beautiful, the volcano there...'he says just before the volcano begins to blow. Volcano Calbuco, believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes, had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on Wednesday.
The four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually, who will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. Contrasting with the dramatic and nail-biting theme of the Hunger Games is the incorporation of a live stage show based on Step Up: All In and Step Up: Revolution, the two most recent films in Liongate's worldwide franchise. The theme park is set to open for Hunger Games fans in October 2016, and will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions .
Sarah's face was transformed after the exercises. Today, however, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise, with a celebrity and royalty-packed client list. The Furrow Smoother . The Lip Lift . The Nose Transformer .
The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats. Protection: The Italian priest was sacked amid claims that he took part in gay orgies with a Swiss Guard.
Jamestown is the capital of the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena, discovered by in 1502 by Juan de Nova . And it was the place to which Napoleon was exiled after his defeat at Waterloo. Early next year, an airport will open on the island.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign, according to CNN. Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building. Hillary Clinton launched her presidential campaign last week.
Arthur Townsend, who lives in a care home in Epping, Essex, poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. Townsend carried out the attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business.
Luis Suarez (right) poses with Lionel Messi after scoring twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday .
New York City FC striker David VIlla prepares to ring the New York Stock Exchange opening bell on Monday . Villa joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season and has so far scored one goal for the club .
Merrion Square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton on Wednesday . Ferguson escaped the fall with only 'dented pride' according to trainer Paul Nicholls .
TOWIE star and footballer Jake Hall scored a vital goal for non-league side Boston United on Monday - impressing his on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis in the stands. With her was Hall's friend and TOWIE co-star James 'Arg' Argent, who leaned over the hoardings to celebrate when he netted during the second-half of Boston's 2-0 win over Tamworth.
At a time when our culture is roiled by questions of identity and ethics (and tolerance) that have profound religious implications, it's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition, in all its sadness and glory, that it engenders. But the ritual enactment of these three days of the Easter season reminds all of those who practice Christianity -- and perhaps those who don't -- that we should expect to move through darkness into light.
But there's something we never knew about Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men. Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth: Bobby is gay. DC Comics has also had prominent gay characters in recent years, like Batwoman and the original Green Lantern of Earth 2.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception, and will appear at Belmont Local Court in June. Police inquiries into the matter are continuing and investigators are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. Ms Edmunds told Belmont Local Court former partner John Heagney (pictured) forced her to fake the illness . She said she believed her mind had tricked her into thinking she had the terminal illness – and she even underwent chemotherapy using pills she bought on the internet.
Underwear tycoon Michelle Mone is selling her three-bedroom  Glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the 'dream home' they once shared, it is claimed. It is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband. 2012 The former family home in Lanarkshire is put on the market for 2012.
The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, after the former allegedly tried to muscle in on Mr Bretti's patch. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van.
Andrew Strauss (right) says the Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket . Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by the likely appointment of Michael Vaughan in the new ECB director of cricket role created following the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director . ‘I think if you were to bring Kevin Pietersen back it would be a short-term measure to help you win the Ashes but I can’t see that happening personally because there are too many bridges to build in too short a period of time.
The Rev. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, daughter Carol Schuller Milner said. He and his late wife, Arvella, an organist, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. By 1961, the church had a brick-and-mortar home — a 'walk-in/drive-in church' — and Schuller began broadcasting the 'Hour of Power' in 1970. In 1980, he built the towering glass-and-steel Crystal Cathedral to house his booming TV ministry, which was broadcast live each week from the cathedral's airy and sunlit 2,800-seat sanctuary. At its peak, in the 1990s, the program had 20 million viewers in about 180 countries.
Forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets, the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep. Lidl Microfibre Pillows, £3.49, Lidl . Hungarian Goose Down Pillow, £88 For Two, soakandsleep.com . The first night didn’t go well, as my neck felt too high.
There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water. For the residents, it's really bad. Very soon, they will need shelter. People are beside themselves in shock. Kathmandu isn't the epicenter though.
Flight 5622, from Chicago to Hartford, made an emergency landing in Buffalo . It landed at Buffalo Niagara International Airport in Buffalo at about 11:40 a.m. SkyWest Inc., which is based in St. George, Utah, said the jet landed safely and a passenger received medical attention before being released. An additional 15 adults and two children were evaluated upon landing, but none required treatment outside the airport, airport spokesman C. Douglas Hartmayer said. 'The FAA will investigate.'
Hernandez (centre) returned to training with his Real Madrid team-mates on Tuesday . From Friday they will no longer have first option and United will field offers of around £10million from West Ham, Southampton and Lazio.
Brisbane's Anglican Archbishop has joined a local Catholic priest in calling for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers. They bounced back from Thursday's defeat by Queen of the South, with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double. Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week.
Ms Boudreau says she raised her son Damien in a Catholic household, but he converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school. Helping to deal: Ms Boudreau says her son Damien was bullied in high school and turned to Islam for solace in 17 .
Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term . Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's . refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. The ruling could have implications for the high-profile . fight over whether the National Football League's Washington . Redskins should lose its trademarks.
The build-up for the blockbuster fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 steps up a gear on Tuesday night when the American holds an open workout for the media.
Having presumably grown used to being in the company of one famous Ronaldo, Real Madrid's teen sensation Martin Odegaard on Wednesday appeared to be left starstruck by another. The young midfielder was clearly in awe of the former World Cup winning striker and simply wrote 'legend' alongside the picture on Instagram.
Jef Rouner wrote in the Houston Press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'. Supportive pop: Jef said he finds it 'weird' that school dress codes tend to offer more restrictions for girls than boys .
Teams from Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire. Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. The operation began on February 23 and ended on March 31 .
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his treasured teddy bear mascot on every flight, pictured together in the cockpit of a Boulton Paul Defiant . The teddy, named Beaumont Bear (left), is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it . The research commissioned by store chain Doddle found more than a third of adults have purchased items that they then don't want, but haven't returned to the retailer. Brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items.
Overcoming: Sam Schmidt (photographed)  drove a sports car on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course Sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down . Independent: Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray -- a vehicle which allowed Schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth .
Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station during rush hour after a part closure of the track between Surbiton and Wimbledon . South West Trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident. Network Rail said staff were working 'flat out' to catch up after services resumed following the part closure .
The video of Graham yanking her son, Michael Singleton, and slapping him with a right hand as CNN affiliate WMAR recorded has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear. Many people have praised the unemployed, single mother of six for going to the Mondawmin Mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence. But when he heard her voice, he realized it really was his mom -- and he was in big trouble.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach to getting their children to do things they don't want to do .
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. ‘I felt satisfied all the time.’ She said didn’t find it difficult to stick to spiralized food. 'It is delicious, after all.
The Avert system then works by sending a deployment unit to scan the area again and identify new potential obstacles. Once this has been done, bogies deploy from the depolyment unit and are tracked to a target vehicle, where they dock onto the wheels and lift the car. While the system may seem creepy, it could have important applications for bomb disposal teams.
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. But according to the caption, it wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago. Brady wrote: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!' With Kelly And Michael .
(CNN)The Dark Knight returns... again. Now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
Lets disco: Michelle Obama strutted her stuff on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday night, in a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013 . The Let's Move! Initiative: Lets Move! This year's event, which will take place on the 6th April, is part of a tradition that dates back to 1878 when President Rutherford B. Hayes opened the White House gardens to local children. Visit site .
It is a very dangerous chemical and scientists have been aware of this for nearly a century. Just like TNT it was found to be toxic to the munitions workers handling it. It was originally used in weapons in World War 1 and is used commercially as a pesticide .
Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in Britain, where Maarij's 10-year-old brother Saffat is buried. Saffat died of meningitis last month, after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left his immune system fatally weakened. Local councillor Dipu Ahad has set up an online petition calling on the Home Office to reconsider its decision.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. Eva Kor (pictured) told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the Nazi death camp .
Roy Hodgson has confirmed the Tottenham striker will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer, despite making his senior England debut last week. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the championships.
The brilliant Brazilian won the competition three times  in five seasons with Los Blancos, lifting the famous trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Cafu . Roberto Carlos . Zinedine Zidane . Ronaldinho . Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Carlos' Champions League dream team (right)
Piutau, who can play full back, wing or centre, has agreed a two-year deal from July 2016. New Zealand international Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 .
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast has been identified as Piper (pictured) She was travelling with her two brothers (pictured), her mother and grandmother when the accident happened . With the crash claiming Piper's life, the national Easter long weekend death toll now stands at 10.
Stana Katic and business consultant Kris Brkljac, spotted at the 2012 Elton John Academy Awards viewing party in LA in February 2012, wed in Croatia over the weekend . The Dalmatian coast is in Croatia, where her parents are from. Soon after they said 'I do,' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings.
Louis Smith is man of many talents. However, it appears the athlete, 25, is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the 'Belfie', Kim Kardashian.
Reanne Evans trails Ken Doherty 5-4 at the interval of her World Championship qualifier . The first frame went according to the form book with Doherty winning 71-15 as Evans made a nervy start. Evans came up against a resurgent Doherty after the mid-session interval and he now holds the lead .
A surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients in more than a week after eight were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine.
Yashasvi Yadav, Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow, northern India, told CNN the city's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more. Questions have also been raised as to why the police are resorting to aggression.
#inspiration.' Daley Blind showed off the impressive portrait that his parents gave him as a late birthday present . Blind has been a key figure for United this campaign, with his versatility seeing him play in midfield and at left back for Louis van Gaal.
After O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood', she had no problem telling him the area didn't actually belong to him. 'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place. Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere'.
In Tuesday's recreation, he dances in tandem with host James Corden, who tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream" by re-creating the scene with Cryer -- who turned 50 on Thursday.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious - and mixed – results, all of which are caught on camera. Most of the elders enjoy using this Snapchat feature .
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. Despite being embroiled in the very public and traumatic feud where the Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in 2012, the girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious, at their home near Florence and they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit. This edition of 60 Minutes screens nationally on Channel 9 at 8.30pm on Sunday, April 12 .
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. Jars with the product numbers '12395750815' and ending at '12395750821' are being recalled, all of which have the establishment number 'P-68A.'
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich, a period Jose Mourinho says has been positive not only for the club but for English football as a whole. The Blues have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004 . Chelsea are in a far stronger position than when Abramovich bought the club from Ken Bates in 2003 . Mourinho believes last season's defeat against Sunderland 'stopped' Chelsea from fighting for the title .
"The fear of rejection really holds people back. 1 - The fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her black Lexus on a road in Macclesfield, Cheshire. McDermott, now aged 41, pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court. 'She crept the car forward like she was trying to drive off. 'She refused to give a breath sample and tried to get out of the police car. She said: 'My son was away on a trip and I was lonely.
Arrest: Delone' Martistee, 22, (left) and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, (right) have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape after police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during another investigation .
"All the police investigators have left the (Germanwings) crash site," he said. "There is only a private security company ensuring security around the crash site so that no one can go there." The crash killed all 150 people on board.
Skin cancer: Richie Benaud, pictured at the SCG in January 2013, revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment, admitting that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but using the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads . What a catch: Richie Benaud, pictured with his beloved wife, Daphne, at  Randwick racecourse in 2007, said that following a serious car crash and then treatment for skin cancer he and Daphne had been walking for '40 minutes a day' to ease him back to good health in the hope he could return to the commentary box . 'I recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads,' he said.
Charged are Mohamed Abdihamid Farah, 21; Adnan Abdihamid Farah, 19; Abdurahman Yasin Daud, 21; Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman, 19; Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19; and Guled Ali Omar, 20. The six were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on Monday. Some of the informant's conversations with the six men were recorded.
But most estimates -- including one of 800,000 between 1915 and 1918, made by Ottoman authorities themselves -- fall between 600,000 and 1.5 million. Germany is expected to join that group on Friday, the 100th anniversary of the start of the killings. While Turkey vehemently continues to reject the word "genocide," his remarks went further than those of any previous Turkish leader in acknowledging the suffering of Armenians.
The world's new oldest person: Jeralean Talley was born on May 23, 1899, and credits her long life to her faith . R.I.P: Just days after becoming the world's oldest documented person, 116-year-old Gertrude Weaver died Monday. Kinloch said he's looking forward to taking Talley, despite her advanced age, on their annual fishing trip.
Chelsea have made an offer for Muto according to FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane . Amazing. Muto says he is still considering a move to Chelsea as he wants to join a club where he will 'play and develop' Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had admitted that he is aware of the Japan international .
New Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. On Wednesday a Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s. She later had all her teeth removed and replaced with dentures, but when her wisdom teeth started coming through Hansen allegedly removed them with a screwdriver.
Cad: Poet Rupert Brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915 . Brooke, who died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27, became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as The Soldier. 'He was a conflicted individual.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops. ‘If the MoD wants to reduce its compensation bill, it must deal effectively with bullies – simply saying the Army has a zero- tolerance approach doesn’t make it so.’ The MoD said it was misleading to compare payouts from the Armed Forces Compensation Scheme with common law claims.
Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. May said: 'Everybody was shocked. Madylin wrote on Facebook Thursday evening; 'At this time I would like to encourage everyone to reach out to the ones you love.
From solar-powered models of the Queen to a £1,200 Wedgwood bust of Prince Charles, there's no item of royal memorabilia too big or too small for royalist Margaret Tyler. The pensioner, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years and now boasts a collection worth £10,000. Passionate: Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a vast collection of royal memorabilia . Her front room contains items created for every royal event in the past century, among them the 1953 Coronation and the 2012 Diamond Jubilee, while another space, dubbed 'the Memorial Room' is devoted exclusively to Princess Diana.
'I want to feel confident that, if necessary, I can advise The Queen that in the Government’s opinion the whole programme between now and July can go forward without significant risk of any untoward interruption.’ In previously classified documents Wilson told his then Home Secretary he wanted to be able to tell the Queen the programme would be able to proceed .
WilliamSmith died four months after his mother Alison Overton (pictued together above with his younger brothers) lost her battle with cancer . It was more likely the case the teenager was trying to play a prank on his siblings and had not anticipated the consequences, he added. The 14-year-old had 'settled back in well' at school following his mother's death, an inquest heard . 'That venture turned into a misadventure.'
"Amy" seeks to "truly capture not just the great artist that she was, but also the funny and loving person that most people didn't get a chance to know," the filmmakers said on Facebook after announcing the film in 2013. I would probably go mad.
The 36-year-old (left) has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan this season .
Tough girls: Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in Kabul, Afghanistan . Besides being taught to skateboard, the program's participants are also invited to join a free back-to-school program to help them get back on track with their education.
Swift moves: CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop at 265 Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek, with one distracting a cashier at the window while another hooks up a cable to the ATM . Still unidentified: Two of the suspects were described as white males, while the escape vehicle was detailed as a white Ford F-250 or F-350 four-wheel drive truck .
Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured. Bricks were falling but didn't hit me.
Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era after his fellow colleague's names were 'dragged through the mud' during probes into historic sex abuse. Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris. Blackburn said he is outraged at how Gambaccini was treated and has called for lessons to be learnt.
A police van outside the home of Anthony and Janet Mann in Nuneaton after Mr Mann stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to bring her suffering to an end . I kissed her and said I love you.' Mann pleaded guilty to a charge of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility at Leamington Justice Centre, pictured .
Shauna McGlasson, 25, from Workington, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the Alice And Wonderland ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year. It was this embarrassing incident that inspired the mother-of-one to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine losing 7st in as many months .
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013. Laura surprised Jack by wearing a traditional white wedding dress after telling him she would wear a suit . After the ceremony, Jack and Laura were stunned to discover that their music idol Ed Sheeran had sent them a personalised video greeting from New Zealand.
Moving around in sleep, and seeming to 'act out' dreams is a characteristic of a condition called rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD). Researchers have discovered about half of people with RBD will develop Parkinson's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed, LiveScience reports. Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition, a study found . People with RBD move around during the rapid eye movement period of sleep, when most dreaming occurs but the body's muscles are usually paralysed by the brain stem.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment News Hour Plus - with her reading some of the message aloud. It obviously had affected me.
Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United .
The broadside was in response to Stubbs insisting it’s Hibs who fully deserve to be waiting for Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in next month’s showpiece at the national stadium after bossing the match . The Hibernian supporters can't quite believe their luck as Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan both hit the woodwork .
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move, Archway Sheet Metal Works. The final opponent to Tottenham's £400million move, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished . The rest will be demolished when Archway find a new premises.
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting  refugees fleeing war and poverty. The discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone. Facebook has reportedly said it has removed the pages, according to the Financial Times.
The whales, which are in fact a species of dolphin, were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato, around 60 miles (100km) north of Tokyo. The fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 that caused a tsunami and left 19,000 people dead. However, experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'. Instead they believe the melon-headed whales may have suffered a parasitic infection.
Watford forward Odion Ighalo celebrates having given the Hornets the lead after just four minutes . Defender Matthew Connolly celebrates after putting Watford 2-0 up against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday . Almen Abdi celebrates scoring Watford's third goal and making certain of the  points in the closing stages .
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick that levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night . Goal: De Jong . Sampdoria's Roberto Soriano drives his shot from the edge of the box for the opener against AC Milan .
A mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests - including some quite large and expensive gifts. The invite was shared on Reddit . 'Clothing with names is the #1 thing that leads to kidnapping, so we don't need to broadcast [retracted]'s name on clothing or toys.'
In early April, Al-Shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University in northern Kenya. Kenyan teachers and students alike are terrified.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea . At the end of his (albeit shorter) Old Trafford stay, his record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson. But they should at least be challenging for the title next season. And that’s why United need to go all out to get Gareth Bale. Memphis Depay (left, in action for PSV) is a prime target for United and has the potential to be a great signing . Van Gaal signed a three-year deal.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb, Co Armagh, in June 1974. Dennis Hutchings, who has been charged with attempted murder, appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail. He was arrested in England on Tuesday and was taken to Northern Ireland for questioning by detectives from the Police Service of Northern Ireland investigating legacy Troubles-related deaths.
Played by Dame Maggie Smith in the ITV drama, Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age, from Downton creator Julian Fellowes. There may also be a place for Robert, the Earl of Grantham, and his wife Cora, who is American-born.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. Chelsea . Real Madrid would also drop down if Barcelona wins the Champions League and Spanish league.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. In February, Vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of Brent and the second-degree murder of Brendon. He added he had needed to do something for her.
President Barack Obama secretly granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013 to reduce the risk of civilian casualties, it was revealed today. Pushing for reform: Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the US military and not the CIA .
There have been 34 Kings and only six Queens over the course of the British Monarchy's thousand-year history, and yet some of the nation's most enlightened times have occurred when a Queen has been on the throne. So, yes, it would be nice for the baby to be a girl so that we can all ooh and ah over frilly dresses, fairy wings and ballet shoes (although as a Windsor she's more likely to be mucking out stables and shooting pheasant), but in truth the birth of a girl matters on a far deeper level: the monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363, a study by accountancy group UHY Hacker Young found. At the other end of the list, Stoke-on-Trent Central had the lowest bills, at £2,100 - eight times lower than those in Esher.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity (above the CT scan showing the wire inside Parker's head) Parker (left) thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire . 'He shouldn't have any long-term effects,' he added. Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery (left the wire being removed from Parker's nose). The metal wire was sent to a pathology lab and Parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection.
Brendan Rodgers admitted Liverpool’s big-game mentality must improve after his hopes of winning the FA Cup were left in tatters. The Liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa — their first loss in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990 — and accepted his side have to do better in the most important games. Belgium international Christian Benteke is congratulated by Aston Villa team-mate Delph after his goal . Rodgers shouts instructions at his players, but to no avail as Liverpool slump to defeat at Wembley .
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook. His mother shared this photo of him to Facebook to deter others from taking drugs . The post has been shared more than 337,000 times.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface, such as Ceres, seen here. Water is important because life, as we know it, needs it to survive.
Gray, who is black, was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away, police said. He asked for medical help several times, and after a 30-minute ride that included three stops, paramedics were called. Deputy police commissioner Kevin Davis said Friday that Gray should have received medical attention at the spot of his arrest.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939. Her body was found but her killer has never been caught . The family of Joyce (pictured) are accusing police of a 'cover-up' for not releasing paperwork on the case .
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, who had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder, accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters. The Indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna. She said that he had previously tried to kill himself by drinking kerosene.
GPs are the gateway to NHS care – nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their GP. The crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution - by improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the Barclays Premier League to bed and focus instead on the cold reality of winning at Burnley on Saturday. Laurent Koscielny is put through his paces on Friday as he bids to return to full fitness . Arsenal's injury problems look to have finally eased, with midfielders Mikel Arteta, Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby all having stepped up their rehabilitation from injury, along with full-back Mathieu Debuchy.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats in central London as he returned from a shopping trip. Shocking CCTV footage played at Southwark Crown Court, showed Bygraves following Mr Evans into the communal entrance of the flat. 'I believe the public would be served for him to be in prison for a long time for his cowardly attack.'
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors' box windows were targeted with eggs. Broken eggs lie on the ground outside Bloomfield Road after a protest from Blackpool fans .
(CNN)The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at Panama City Beach, Florida, by spitting, urinating and pouring beer on them.
'The bomb': Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal .
Reaping with beauty and health benefits, experts say it's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil, which is being touted as the the new must-have - and, of course, health aficionado Gwyneth Paltrow is already a fan. Pumpkin seeds, left, are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help, strengthen hair.
But when one Australian traveller tried to get American's to repeat it, many were lost for words. From a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about Britney Spears, to a man who insisted Murray was saying 'Get out of my nightgown', the filmmaker captured it all. Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?
Only Tour members can play on the team and Phoenix-based Casey gave up his membership after deciding in January to concentrate on the PGA Tour in order to get back into the world's top 50. Paul Casey, practicing ahead of the Masters in Augusta, 'desperately' wants to return to the Ryder Cup .
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. Before: The website used to feature an image of all three presenters - Richard Hammond (left), Jeremy Clarkson (centre) and James May (right) as well as racing driver The Stig (far right) The BBC say the masthead change is to 'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices, and promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping. However, despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target, the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as 'craft beer'.
Carmem Dierks was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds. Officers also found two patients in the middle of treatment.
Burn: Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above the fire . Raging: Seconds later the participants throw themselves into the flame while a Hindu priest (left) throws oil to intensify the inferno . Challenge: Those who pass the hanging fire test are eligible to proceed on to the next state of the ceremony, walking on ambers .
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known. Erg' comes from the Arabic word for 'field of sand dunes' Mr Wang said: 'Complex linear dune formation is shown to have five stages.
Controversial Australian celebrity chef Pete Evans is under attack again with experts warning his 'reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies. The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies. It comes after Evans' recently shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis. Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . 'But we don't actually know if her condition is cured so it's hard to advocate on because there's no scientific evidence to back this up.'
Work on the £3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day. Second place: The cantilevered platform in Chongqing, China, is five metres longer than the skywalk at the Grand Canyon, pictured .
Tony Pulis insists West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on. Owner Peace is open to offers for the Baggies and is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club.
The Tunisian centre-back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday’s 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South.
Amazon has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test the latest version of its delivery drone outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing. gave Amazon.com the green light to test a delivery drone .
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole the expensive equipment from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children based in Blackpool, Lancashire. Mitchell on his wedding day with wife Kerrie - he has now pleaded guilty to two counts of theft .
Two men have been arrested after a Thomson Airways flight from London to Mexico was forced to divert to Bermuda. 'The two male passengers involved were subsequently escorted off the plane and taken into police custody.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is confident he can live to 150 years old .
Research has revealed that the frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet (file picture) This was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times a month in 1990, according to research published in Prof Spiegelhalter's book Sex By Numbers. 'People are checking their emails all the time, you do not have the same sort of quiet empty time that there used to be.'
Rojo (back right) poses while travelling to Portugal along with his family and Angel di Maria (left) Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail . The Argentine defender was in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday . She never received that money, and Sarah then says Rojo's representatives tried to entrap her with promises of cash to spin the story.
The oranges that turned an inexplicable hue of purple in Queensland mother Angela Postle's house . They said a sample of the the oranges has been sent to a molecular biology laboratory for further analysis. Experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit.
Drafted by the National Right to Life Committee, the measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it. The procedure is banned except when necessary to save a woman's life or prevent irreversible damage to her physical health. There is no exception in the law for incest or victims of rape. Doctors cannot use forceps, clamps, scissors or similar instruments on a fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed after running the scam where stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from the store in Basildon, Essex, where he worked. But shockingly, after being sacked from the store, Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex. Gridley, who was former home shopping manager of the store, was sentenced to 12 months for his leading role in a conspiracy to steal £15,852.46 worth of goods between November 2013 and April last year.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday, having created quite the media circus in the affluent Hollywood suburb. Fame: P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 .
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' and bordered by Beverly Hills and Bel Air. There is also a private 6,000 sq ft movie theater, which features its own popcorn and snack bar . The pool has its own bar and fire pits and is just steps away from a Moroccan-style bathhouse . What backyard glass-enclosed tennis court is complete without it's own private viewing box? Azria, 66, and his wife Lubov then poured $30million of their own money for a massive renovation .
He added: 'I'm very fond of puppets, physical models and practical effects – real explosions rather than computer-generated ones. Thunderbirds aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
Wijnaldum - who has netted 16 goals in all competitions for the Dutch giants this season - has been linked with a move to Manchester United, Arsenal and Newcastle. The 24-year-old (right) has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season from midfield .
Meaghan Hudson, 25, left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in December 2013, saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow, and she was unlikely to survive. Close friends (including Chelsey Whild, right) rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity and getting tattoos . Police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease which she owned up to . Hudson was arrested in January and charged with theft by deception and grand theft.
And in addition to the honor and prestige, the camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on Instagram, attracting more than 251,000 followers. In the mesmerising images, the pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds, showing off their impressive physical prowess.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929. The downstairs vaults of the main house.
A first half goal from Welsh international Aaron Ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure Arsenal's hold on second place.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool . Ian Wrighty and Steve McManaman were quick to defend former Tottenham boss Redknapp .
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. It’s previously only been possible to convert between 30 and 60 per cent of plant sugar into hydrogen, by using industrial catalysts or fermenting techniques, The Independent reported.
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno announced policy change at the Association of the United States Army conference in Huntsville, Alabama. The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers. Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey .
'In the Premier League it's very difficult to predict.' Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's impressive run of results . Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions and Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
Saracens have announced that Argentina centre Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Allianz Park. The Argentinian smiles in training earlier this week ahead of the Champions Cup semi-final .
The unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of Shandong, China. The woman was followed outside by her attacker but fought him off again using her martial arts skills .
Oliver Pareece Jones (pictured left and right), 37, was last seen at a Walmart on Foothill Boulevard on April 5 around 8.45am. He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am and took out $800 in cash before stopping at Walmart . Jones was also reportedly mugged and assaulted during the trip to California while outside of The Plaza Club, and was left with a concussion before he was sent to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for treatment, according to KTLA. 'We're thinking that his concussion really affected his ability to reason or be able to do anything,' Jones' older brother Jared Jones told ABC 7.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel. Mick Shumacher's father, Michael, is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident at his home in Switzerland .
Gran Canaria – just off the coast of Africa, yet still in Europe – is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons. In 1996 a US academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145lbs to 127lbs – and enabled the Alberta, Canada, resident to gain a noticeably fitter, and much more muscular, physique, as well as an impressive six-pack. On Wednesdays, she works on her back, which she said is her favorite part of her body.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking 'worn out' ahead of the procedure. They're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes.' As a result, another full face and neck lift was required, as well as extra surgery to hide the scarring.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass. The tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet, according to The Weather Channel. Additionally, an area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, Kathmandu. How it works: Radar works by sending out radio waves and timing how long it takes for them to reflect back.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28 when she returns from traveling. Sarabi escaped from handlers on March 21 after being dropped by musher Allaway's team during the Iditarod race.
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. If the Wandsworth trial of the new app is successful, the app is expected to be rolled out next year.
A group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. Holly Leonard (left), who was homeless and had spent time in prison, now has a house after finding an advert on Craigslist using a Google phone she was given to allow her to get online .
Philip Dunning 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Just like Jenner: Beauty High's Rolly Robinson, left, transforms into Kylie Jenner, right, in a new makeup video tutorial . In fact, Kylie herself responded to the suction cup craze, writing on Twitter: 'I'm not here to try & encourage people/young girls to look like me or to think this is the way they should look.
A Muslim women's rights advocate and outspoken critic of Islam has championed the U.S. as the best country in the world to live as a  woman and as a black person. Hirsi Ali, who describes herself as a liberal, has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam. 'Is it perfect? No. Are we confronted with threats? The best place to be Christian is in the U.S.' Hirsi Ali was raised in a strict Muslim family, but after surviving a civil war, genital mutilation, beatings and an arranged marriage, she renounced the faith in her 30s.
The footage, allegedly filmed in Florida, could see Eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 in fines. Horrific: This video shows University of Mississippi student Brady Eaves, 18, biting the head off a live hamster at a spring break party in Florida. Eaves Jr, the Democratic candidate, lost and is now a pro-life lawyer . He is a star soccer player with a scholarship at the University of Mississippi where he is a Phi Delt brother . Sources told DailyMail.com the students force-fed the hamster vodka and 'hot-boxed' its cage with marijuana . 'It is horrific,' Bell said.
After months of speculation - and years of her friends' doubts - Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer. 'No. None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly. In the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness. The  Weekly insists it did not pay for the story and that it was approached by Ms Gibson's 'people', the Melbourne 'corporate advisory' firm Bespoke Approach.
The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday.
Recently, however, Kaling's brother Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own, and while it has been getting a lot of attention, it hasn't generated quite as many laughs — either from observers or from his famous sibling, who told him it brought "shame upon their family." Meanwhile, he admits, pretending to be black came with disadvantages.
Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in the cell he shared with Phillips, 39, at  Kern Valley State Prison. Phillips was once one of the nation's top college football players at Nebraska.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket . John Gosden’s Faydhan is the key horse entered in Wednesday’s Free Handicap. Meanwhile, Frankie Dettori, who rides Osaila in the Nell Gwyn, has been unveiled as Newmarket’s ambassador for 2015.
Shanghai, China (CNN)Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month, the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms. But none have so far dared tackle developed markets like the U.S. and Western Europe.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea within the modern confines of UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules. Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea .
Last night shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal. It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Travel photographer Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called 'In Bed With'. Travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations, the avid Instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company. Rhiannon has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the U.S. and Mexico featuring aspects like the best pie or biggest beds .
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat . Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience . The 'Cozy Suite' has seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle, with dedicated sleeping positions . Hong Kong’s Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a dual-user armrest . The armrest is shaped like a paperclip, allowing two passengers to use the armrest. The backrest  allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them .
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba over a possible move from Juventus. City midfielder Yaya Toure (left) remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer . Real Madrid may need to pay Iker Casillas £10million to leave.
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. Loving life: Owners Margaret and Patrick Evans say Baylie is 'a different dog' since losing a stone and a half on a new doggy diet of raw food.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas (shown). The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space .
Satellite TV operator DirecTV is ending its advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast that their claims couldn't be substantiated . A National Advertising Division report highlighted a series of inaccuracies concerning signal reliability, shorter customer service wait times, better picture and sound quality . The operator is discontinuing the Lowe-fronted ads, but claims that 'it was always scheduled to end at the end of Q1'.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City. United, meanwhile, are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira. Nedum Onouha is being tracked by West Ham, Stoke, Everton and Hull City. Burnley are among clubs monitoring Newcastle loan star Haris Vuckic.
Reality TV star and singer Lil' Chris who died last month was found hanging at his home by a friend, the inquest into his death has been told. In a previous statement Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression, and was determined to find a cure . Pathologist Richard Ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging.
Ferguson (right) finally joined up with the Rangers squad in Glasgow this week . Rangers players prepare for the trip to bottom-of-the-table Livingston on Wednesday night .
Mr Umunna, increasingly tipped as a likely successor to Ed Miliband, said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'. His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate, introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon Brown's government as a trap for the Tories. During the Labour leadership race in 2010, Mr Miliband said the 50p rate should stay in place and was 'not just about reducing the deficit, it’s about fairness in our society'.
The wreckage of the bus and train used in the dramatic scene from The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina . The wreckage has since become a tourist attraction 23 years after the memorable action scene was shot .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor. They have a great solidarity and organisation in their side.
Abraham Lincoln and George Washington were gay, says a new book by a gay activist and award winning writer. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. : Writer and gay activist Larry Kramer claims that Abraham Lincoln (left) and George Washington (right) were gay .
The chairman of a House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify at a public hearing next month. South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18. 'With her cooperation and that of the State Department and (Obama) administration, Secretary Clinton could be done with the Benghazi Committee before the Fourth of July,' Gowdy said in a statement.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift  farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. The footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water. Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences after RSPCA inspectors raided their homes.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts when he got stuck in his seatbelt . Kelly was eventually able to free her father from his nylon shackle, the Bangor Daily News reported.
(CNN)Slamming world powers' framework nuclear deal with Iran, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday demanded that any final deal include a "clear and unambiguous Iranian recognition of Israel's right to exist." The Israeli leader added that "this deal would legitimize Iran's nuclear program, bolster Iran's economy and increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the Middle East and beyond."
The new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home. According to authorities, Lehnardt and the teenagers then played naked Twister - although Lehnardt left halfway through the game to have sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom. After going to bed, she awoke around 3.30am to find her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off, according to Hammond. Split: Her lawyer said Lehnardt, who is a life-long Mormon, turned to drink after divorcing from her husband James Lehnardt, pictured right. He returned from Iraq with PTSD and was later discharged, the lawyer said . Scene: After the party at her home in Evans, Georgia, pictured, she lost custody of her five children .
The potential domestic auction for Liverpool's Raheem Sterling this summer could decide which of Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United lure Gareth Bale from Real Madrid. As first revealed in Football Grapevine last month, Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old. Should Sterling leave for one of the Barclays Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers would see Walcott as an ideal replacement for Sterling but would only want to pay about the £100,000-per-week mark. Marcelo Bielsa has emerged as one of the front runners to succeed Sam Allardyce as West Ham manager. Manchester United will set their sights on Southampton's right back Nathaniel Clyne this summer .
Authorities are investigating initial reports that the Airbus A320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing, causing damage to the rear of its body and the cover of the engine on the left wing, the ministry said. Hiroshima Airport closed because of the incident Tuesday night while fire department officials worked at the scene.
Saints have slipped out of the Champions League places and into seventh following a run of three defeats in their last six games ahead of Saturday's home clash with Hull. Ronald Koeman feels Southampton have found it hard to score due to opponents respecting them more .
Mr Hardy, 89, is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R.R. Sale: Actor Robert Hardy is selling off his collection of antiques including a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt .
Instead Sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
Holidaymakers were due to disembark the Carnival Spirit on Tuesday morning but the Sydney storm prevented the vessel from entering the harbour . The cruise ship Carnival Spirit has been damaged and stranded outside Sydney Harbour on Tuesday morning . Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves .
The experimental espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. The espresso maker is dubbed ISSpresso — ISS standing for International Space Station. Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet. NASA's space station program deputy manager, Dan Hartman, said it's all part of making astronauts feel at home as they spend months — and even up to a year — in orbit.
Supporters of ISIS have 'declared a caliphate' in Yemen through a bizarre video showing a group of masked fighters a barren desert. The 'establishing' of an ISIS-related group in Yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and the local Al Qaeda affiliates.
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. In a new report, Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. Property prices could fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong .
They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said. Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
Alan Greaves, pictured, claimed 'the Illuminati framed him by downloading child abuse images on his computer . She added: 'He told police he has no interest in children sexually in any way.' Burnley Crown Court, pictured, heard that almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category .
Lewis Hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday and is flanked by Sebastian Vettel (left) and team-mate Nico Rosberg who qualified second and third respectivley . Ferrari's Vettel was beaten to pole by Hamilton by four tenths of a second as the Brit dominated . Nico Rosberg, Germany, Mercedes, 1:33.129.
Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation. Last night, former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish.
Lynn and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant, she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms . Due to her disabilities, Lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft, which the National Transportation Safety Board tweeted was a Cessna 414. The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis, according to Illinois State athletics spokesman John Twork.
Fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain as he and fellow murderer Yassin James, 20, were hunted by police for gunning down Sabrina Moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday. Hussain, 30, James and their getaway driver Martell Warren, 23, were last year jailed for a total of 111 years after they were convicted of murder and attempted murder. Bouzemada was also sentenced to an extra six months for breaching a suspended sentence for drug dealing. Rakheed Daniel, 21, was acquitted of perverting the course of justice.
The Treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down, inspired by Kris Commons and the second-half introduction of Griffiths, to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the Premiership – and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to Hampden.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up, after which their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands, reports DatingSiteKiezen. Upon realising they were indeed siblings, the pair agreed to meet at a local café.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer before being loaned back to former club Lille . But Origi stayed in France, where he has scored nine goals this season, to continue his development but he says he has been in regular contact with his international team-mate Mignolet throughout the campaign. Simon Mignolet has been advising his compatriot about life at the club and in Liverpool .
Redditor Roxambops, aka Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures of dozing Alex Elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption: ‘Went to the Amazon, cousin slept everywhere.’ Meet Alex Elenes. Even a  trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap . The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit .
According to one well-placed source, Kate's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the Duchess herself. Speaking during an engagement in London last month, she said that her second child is due 'mid to late April'. Popular: The 25th is the favourite but the Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed . Back in town: The Palace has said Prince Harry will be in London this weekend before returning to Australia .
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House in Suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags. The move was designed to encourage visitors to ‘dwell and take in the atmosphere’ in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ‘misguided’.
Masters champion Jordan Spieth roared back into contention at the RBC Heritage with a second-round 62 on Friday. However, he and his fellow competitors were no match for Troy Merritt, who fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings. The 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round to sit six under .
Chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the Premier League title following a relentless campaign. Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces while the Stamford Bridge club's Twitter account features a video of young defender Kurt Zouma working out at Cobham.
Milner was standing on the touchline when he discovered that he was being replaced by Samir Nasri, and hurled an energy pouch to the floor in frustration before trudging back to the dugout. United felt that Martin Demichelis overreacted when he was caught in the face by a flailing arm from Marouane Fellaini in the second half, but the Belgian does have a rather patchy track record on that score.
Lewis Hamilton (right) insists he is prepared for further criticism from Mercede's team-mate Nico Rosberg . Hamilton beat his Mercedes colleague to win the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday . Hamilton claimed after the race that Rosberg (left) was not quick enough to catch him even if he tried .
Meet Suma, one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis. Suma was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements . Zoo vets took the opportunity to give Suma a full check-up including her ears, teeth and eyes .
Frightened: Diana Doyle was plagued with cold calls . A firm linked to the sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head, the Mail can reveal today. Sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions – from skin problems to insomnia and migraines. The whistleblower, who works in the data industry, said it was ‘madness’ that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the Mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it. B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people – including details about their pension pots, incomes and investments. The second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients – such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure, arthritis or even bladder problems.
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce's team bus on Saturday. Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor, which Fener won 5-1, in Turkey's Super Lig.
Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of the teenager accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane. Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August, 2013, when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun.
We set Baltimore on fire this time. The event becomes simply a Rorschach test for left and right, and each side sees in the rioting confirmation of its prior views. It's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and build unlikely coalitions to create more opportunity.
Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. 'It's not difficult to deal with. Johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child, contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
George and Amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . 'At the high level, media rooms are a valuable use of space and are expected, particularly in homes priced above £10 million. Scroll down for video .
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks. Officials had said Friday three people were killed.
A man has died after a ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into a farmhouse pond and trapped him underneath. Pictured: An air ambulance at the scene yesterday . The tragic incident comes just two years after a man died in similar circumstances in the rural village.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I recall when a hard man could take no more... THE NO MAS FIGHT . Sugar Ray Leonard v Roberto Duran . Clearly he felt humiliated. It took three years for Duran to restore his high place in his country’s esteem.
The woman, named only as Gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Feckless: 23-year-old Gemma faces being prevented from seeing her children by her own mother . As a result, Debbie, who appeared alongside her daughter on The Jeremy Kyle Show, has been left to bring both children up alone.
Lara Logan is back home and recovering after being hospitalized for the fourth time this year . The condition could have been aggravated by stress. And last year she was quarantined in South Africa after reporting from the Ebola hot zone in Liberia.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
Stephanie Scott's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder, which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. The adored school teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday. This comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. Detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton  from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
Spain's Carla Suarez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times Miami Open champion Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne on Tuesday and set up a semi-final clash with Germany's ninth seed Andrea Petkovic. Petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4, 6-2 win over 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova.
Vincent Kompany is not guaranteed to return this season after injuring himself in the Manchester derby . Manuel Pellergini claims he is not concerned by the mounting pressure over his position at the Etihad .
A teenager diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour has raised $80,000 needed upfront to pay for urgent surgery. Three weeks ago the 18-year-old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. Jackson needs  $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront, and another $45,00 for fees . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed .
Daily Mail Online spoke to students at Kirkwood Community College's regional center in Jones County, where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes. Corey Jones, a graphic design student, is among those chosen to question Mrs. Clinton in a roundtable setting on Tuesday. Two more said they would rather remain silent. But 'I hope people don't vote for her just because she's a woman.' He hedged on Hillary, saying she 'seems like, kinda like a control freak.'
Jack Grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for Aston Villa . The Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads - and says isn't about to change .
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode, helping the flagship BBC channel attract more than a quarter of television viewers in evenings, when the battle for attention is most competitive. The second series will move on to the third and fourth books, named after their child, Jeremy, and scheming banker George Warleggan.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept 'secret' until today. Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and was taken to a University of Maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death. Police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury though Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the van'. During the video, a woman said: 'That boy's legs look broke.'
But analysis of popular search terms on Google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country according to official figures.
Mitt Romney (left)  came under fire when it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his dog on his car . He said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them. The family, who said they had no idea it was illegal to transport animals on top of a moving vehicle, were let go with a warning.
Shanghai, China (CNN)When China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week, the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels. "It's a major industry event for us," said Andrew Boyle, global product communications manager at Rolls Royce. "The car was seen as a status symbol," says Pierre-Henri Boutot, a partner at Bain and co-author of the report.
The former England rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips, bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider’s performance. After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. Zara walks to the parade ring following surprise win - Monbeg Dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began .
Pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming May 2 fight with Floyd Mayweather . Pacquiao held an open training session at the Wild Card gym in Hollywood . He has the right to use it his way. Pacquiao says: ‘Boxing is still my passion. Pacquiao says he wants to entertain the fans and has warned Mayweather that his killer instinct is back .
A 16-year-old schoolboy has died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the middle of the night. The coastguard, police, paramedics, firefighters and an RAF rescue helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of Easter Sunday. They added that his death has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission 'in line with protocol.'
The rare tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store and experts say it's an extremely good investment.
American boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch Floyd Mayweather's showdown with Manny Pacquiao. The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70), but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers.
Clinton Jackson, 25, was jailed for 18 years for targeting the pensioners in their home . Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire.
Speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about  her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck, the frontman's daughter revealed she's not really into Nirvana. But he didn't want to be the f**king voice of a generation. Too soon: Cobain was found shot dead in his home in Seattle exactly 21 years ago on Wednesday, aged just 27 .
Illicit operation: Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana . These transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in Butte, Montana, in 1920s, and grew until Pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s. Most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers. Only a six of them have come together, but they believe there are many more people who were given up by Pitkanen out there, and simply do not know it.
Andy King thinks his 50th goal for Leicester City could prove to be his most important yet. Andy King was the hero as Premier League strugglers Leicester City struck late to earn a vital three points . Pearson congratulates goalscorer Cambiasso after the final whistle of his side's win against the Hammers .
Meet the Australian families who take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays  and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one. Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car. 'They are like naughty toddlers,' she said. They eat and live like cats and dogs - and make a great companion .
Prolific thief Shaun Andrew McKerry was once dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his many crimes, and he has been unmasked as the axe wielding thief in an attempted post office robbery - where he was subdued by the owner who rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat (left) McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' in the 1990s after he was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times during the 36 weeks he managed to stay out of prison in 1998. CCTV footage of the incident shows the 31-year-old burst into the store and demand terrified assistant Andrea Brighty fill his bag with money.
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago (artist's illustration shown). The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa .
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich. Poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized, making comments like Comey's hurt even more. On Sunday, the U.S. ambassador to Poland, Stephen Mull, was called to the Foreign Ministry in a formal act of protest on the 72nd anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. President Barack Obama caused a similar controversy in 2012 when he used the wording 'Polish death camp.'
Twenty years later, domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups, according to the FBI. Opinion: Homegrown extremist threat remains 20 years after Oklahoma City bombing .
Liverpool fans (seen here at Arsenal) are unhappy at being charge £50 to go to Hull . 'This wealth should be shared and passed back to the lifeblood of the game, the supporters… We will no longer accept these prices when there is more money in the sport than ever before.' I respect the supporters' right to protest.' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he respects the supporters' right to protest .
Tragic: Police say Linda Watson, left, was killed by her ex-husband David Watson during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter Jordynn, right. Three years later, they say Mr. Watson murdered Linda's mother Marilyn Cox, center, as she tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003 . Marilyn Cox (right) was fighting to exercise her visitation rights over Jordynn Watson when she and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were gunned down in a 2003 drive-by shooting outside the very home from which Linda had disappeared three years earlier .
The Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them.
The Argentine striker scored 84 Premier League goals and won three titles with Manchester United and City . Tevez won the Champions League with United in 2008, and believes Juventus can match that achievement .
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund . The Germany defender has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United . Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Hummels is at the right age to leave Dortmund .
The 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. What to try: . The medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms.
I realised my style of putting is not suited to Augusta. McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par for the tournament . McDowell's score could have been even worse after he was initially given a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he attempted to swat a bee away from his ball on the third green.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street, a court heard. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door to the Williams family on St Catherine’s Road, Chingford, in 2007.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot the male home invader, who has now been identified as her estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. Officers from Huntsville police arrived on scene and heard gunshots ring out and saw Mrs Skinner in the garage holding the shotgun. They demanded that she drop her weapon but when she turned toward them with the gun in her hand, at least one officer fired at her, wounding, but not killing her. Records show that she had filed for multiple orders of protection against him . 'I left in fear of becoming a victim of murder/suicide,' she wrote.
It's a piece of art. You and the Night includes a scene in a cage, with Cantona alongside Beatrice Dalle in just his underwear . 'It's beautiful. Cantona has defended the film, saying it is 'a work of art' and 'beautiful', and not a porn film as some have said .
But Poulter promises this break, just weeks before the first major of the year, means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on Augusta National. English golfer Poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled .
His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager, having 'poisoned' the girl against her mother. The man, who earlier admitted rape, had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother who did not live with them, the court heard. The man was sentenced to life imprisonment at Derby Crown Court (above). His daughter cried: 'I love you' as he was led way from the dock .
The sinking was the stuff of legend. After the ship went under, the U-boat reportedly surfaced and the captain said to the survivors in lifeboats: "Goodnight, sorry for sinking you." The depth is a world record, the company claimed.
Jody Marson (left and right) has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with Kieran Loveridge . Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison. Her Facebook reveals she is a fitness enthusiast, with photos showing her cycling in ironwoman competitions. The 21-year-old is serving 14 years for Mr Kelly's manslaughter.
It is used as a holiday home by residents between May and November . Twelve fire teams were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes. Intense: Residents said the fire, whic is being investigated, was so intense it melted the paint off buildings nearby .
A scientist has warned Britain is facing a collapse in society similar to ancient Rome - because we've lived too peacefully for too long. 'But now we are becoming a lot less warlike and much more reluctant to fight. People no longer want to join the Army, or become engineers.
Noelle Reno, socialite, reality TV star and former fiancee of businessman Scot Young, has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. Ms Reno said in a blog post that her former partner 'unexpectedly committed suicide', despite an inquest into the cause of his death not yet being concluded.
Napoli boss Rafael Benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the Manchester City job . Napoli are fourth in the league this term and are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League.
Former New England Patriots star and newly convicted killer Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded. More victims: Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Daniel Abreu (left), 29, and Safirdo Furtado (right), 28, immigrants from Cape Verde, in July 2012 after a nightclub altercation over a spilled drink . About six weeks after that shooting, Hernandez signed a five-year, $40million contract with the Patriots, and he went on to play for another season before Lloyd was killed. The high-paid athlete had his $5million in assets frozen pending the outcome of the drive-by shooting trial.
Unprecedented: This is Kenyatta Leal, the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program that teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . But in 2011 he was handed a lifeline: programming.
Jose Mourinho has lauded Chelsea's consistency, with a hint of caution, as his side bid to wrap up a wire-to-wire Premier League victory. The Blues have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures and entered this weekend's matches seven points clear with eight matches remaining, beginning at QPR on Sunday.
A writer for The Archers has revealed that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes (file picture) ‘There will be a sound engineer in a Led Zeppelin T-shirt rattling the duvet!’ He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday . The 20-year-old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Garissa, Kenya (CNN)Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College, Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said Friday, according to CNN affiliate NTV. Al-Shabaab gunmen had first stormed a Christian prayer service, where they killed some and took others hostage. At least 67 people died then.
The Prime Minister looked  exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance today, ahead of a speech in which he delivered his 'plan for Cornwall'. Get-up: David Cameron stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance this morning wearing jeans, smart shoes and a navy jacket . The Lib Dems trail on 7 per cent with Ukip in third on 14 per cent. The seat is currently held by Lib Dem Andrew George, but the Tories will be keen to overturn his 1,719 majority as part of efforts to drive the party out of the South-West. I went to the set the other day. 'So I've stood on the wall.
Tough challenge: The 36-year-old daredevil will walk atop the Orlando Eye as it turns on April 29 . In November, he walked twice between two Chicago skyscrapers without a net or harness, doing the second walk blindfolded.
Fashion designer Alannah Hill is the least likely candidate for skin cancer as she prides herself on her alabaster skin - even going to the extremes of wearing gloves and using a parasol to protect her from the sun. Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanomaHill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh .
London (CNN)It wasn't messrs Clooney, Pitt and their nine accomplices who sailed down an elevator shaft and cracked open dozens of safety deposit boxes at a London vault during the Easter weekend. But how are such heists organized? The planning behind the Hatton Garden raid will have been meticulous. Rewards for information will be offered. The detectives investigating these major crimes in the UK see them as an exciting challenge to their professionalism.
The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's Department of National Defence said Wednesday. Canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq since November.
Investigating: Two police stand near a sign for High Craigton Farm near Bearsden, outside Glasgow . Yesterday, police investigating the nurse's disappearance said they were following a 'definite line of enquiry'. The probe had been stepped up amid 'grave concerns' for the 24-year-old's welfare. Ms Buckley, originally from Cork, was last seen on CCTV leaving the city's Sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1am on Sunday.
Baby L (above in utero) weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds . Giles (above) prognosis is still not known, but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long .
Cover girl: Frozen's Kristen Bell features on the front cover of Good Housekeeping's May issue (pictured) Kristen takes a hard stance on vaccinating her kids and urges other parents to do so as well. Peas in a pod: Kristen and husband Dax Sheppard credit couples therapy to the success of their marriage .
Searches are underway for Kyle Knox, 23, from London, who was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis . Searches are ongoing today for a missing 23-year-old walker who disappeared as he tried to climb Britain's highest mountain in -7C blizzards and 70mph winds.
Mesut Ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against Liverpool . Ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during Arsenal's impressive 4-1 victory on Saturday afternoon . It's a good job Newcastle have already earned 35 points this season. Manuel Pellegrini will be feeling the pressure as his Manchester City side sit in fourth place . With Bony gone, Gomis is the star . Herrera is a good technician but he likes a tackle.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal. Mr Cameron said: 'I believe this is a great deal and a strong deal. In return, the West will: .
I’m actually in my last week of rehab at the moment, then I’ll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine. British cyclist James supported boyfriend George North during Wales'  Six Nations campaign .
With the fight set to gross more than $300million, it is certain to be the biggest in the history of the sport. And even Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved as they went face-to-face in the studio.
Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby with Chris Noakes adding two penalties and two conversions. Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible . 'Reanne is more like the Jimmy White or the Ronnie O'Sullivan of the women's game.
Ivan Balashov took this selfie on one phone before stealing one he preferred - only to be caught when police identified him from the picture . But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
The Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset, where he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
I was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort, which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya, and each with their own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the shimmering Andaman Sea. Villa co-ordinator Pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort (a Thai princess and Liam from One Direction were there).
Auschwitz – concentration camp, Poland . January saw the  70th anniversary of the camp's liberation, a possible reason for the surge in interest.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg .
Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their considerable FFP troubles . Aidy Ward (left) is Raheem Sterling's agent and is a key player in his contract negotiations with Liverpool . England cricket head coach Peter Moores (right) will soon begin a review into England's World Cup failure .
Jack Nicholson's character in the Oscar-winning film The Departed is thought to be loosely based on Bulger.
Alison Hall, 48, almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. She believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top. Ms Hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use.
The 1,500 migrants were rescued on Saturday by two coast . The migrants were all transboarded onto the Italian ships . During the first two months of this year, arrivals were up . 43 per cent versus the same period of 2014, officials have said.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'. The device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper. The 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is around a quarter of a home's daily usage.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation. "‎We collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves during our visit in Damasak," said Idris Karimbe, one of the volunteers who took part in the burial.
World Cup winning rugby star Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. He had come off injured during Connacht's 14-7 defeat at Gloucester last night when he was approached by police. He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff yesterday.
Can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title? 8 - teams in 2015 edition of the IPL. 3 -  English players in the tournament - Eoin Morgan, Ravi Bopara and Kevin Pietersen. KOLKATA KNIGHT RIDERS .
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne this summer as Manchester United prepare a bid for England's first-choice right back. Like Clyne and Morgan Schneiderlin, the 25-year-old has been linked with a move away from St Mary's, with the likes of Tottenham, Manchester City and Liverpool mentioned.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund . The Germany defender has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United .
Thomas Tuchel (left) will replace Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp at the start of July . Like Klopp, the 41-year-old Tuchel carved a name for himself at German club Mainz.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside . The Talibs left the area in a Range Rover and a Jaguar and went to the XTC Cabaret. Police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence. 'I was there. Talib, who owned both weapons.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. Feeling emotional: As the track O Holy Night plays, a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant's face .
The pundit has claimed his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five. Owen has been joined by the likes of Phil Neville and Sportsmail’s Jamie Carragher in criticising both the team and the lack of ambition at the club, whose supporters will again protest against owner Mike Ashley.
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal. The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million but has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
A woman in a man's world: Expert seller Saba Syed, pictured above with husband Sheikh Amari, sells luxury cars to the super rich. In fact, she thinks her gender helps her sell more cars. Another leading UK supercar salesman is self-made millionaire Tom Hartley, 53, who runs his motoring business with son Carl. The father-and-son duo sell to everyone from celebrities to footballers and music industry people to actors and shift around £4million worth of luxury cars every week.
Swansea City have expressed an interest in Schalke full back Christian Fuchs. The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . Adam Lallana (left) was back in training for Liverpool as they prepare to take on West Brom . Henderson (left) shakes hands with captain Gerrard on the day he signed a new Liverpool contract .
Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series. Stephen Curry drives forward with the ball during the Warriors' 97-87 win against the New Orleans Pelicans .
Here, Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they've made his list. Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) vs Liverpool . It just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend. Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe (left) smashes a volley into the top corner against Newcastle on Sunday .
Judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy. Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
She is accused of sending a Facebook message to the older girl on April 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl, according to an affidavit. 'The defendant's daughter was losing the fight at which time the defendant kicked the 14-year-old female on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair,' the affidavit said.
Falcao has only scored four goals since signing for Manchester United but found his form again with three goals in two games for his country. Falcao had admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at Old Trafford but wants to stay in England .
Sir Nick Faldo (left) and Tom Watson will compete at The Open for the last time at St Andrews in July . Watson will walk across the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there .
Newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up   in protest against Mike Ashley’s running of the club when they face Swansea at St James’ Park on Saturday. The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's  match against Swansea . Newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores .
Los Angeles International Airport, U.S. Hurghada International Airport, Egypt . LaGuardia Airport, New York, U.S. New York LaGuardia has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America. London Luton Airport, Luton, UK .
Relationship issues and sexual problems are also high on the agenda for discussion down the boozer. Those were the findings of more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in one London pub.
The picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, who has decades of experience working with animals. The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Rooney has revealed that United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield . The Champions are considering letting the likes of Toure and Samir Nasri (right) leave in the summer .
Her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint, saying she hoped to show how "flawed" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases.
The galleries were packed as crowd favourite Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta . Still the biggest, still primed to applaud even the tiniest glimmer of his genius. Increasingly, his gallery writes cheques the man in the arena cannot cash. No. But he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world. A bit rusty, a bit erratic, a bit brilliant, a bit fallible. And that is Tiger’s problem.
'I went from doctor to doctor for about eight months, which was unacceptable and frustrating. The disease has given her 'perspective,' she added. Sick: The singer, seen her performing at Planet Hollywood in May, told People Magazine she had no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . The disease was recently highlighted after Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster contracted it, who reveled she has lost the ability to read, write or even watch TV because of it.
Until Pope Francis. There is something about Francis that's reawakened my faith. His name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix. Perhaps that's how the Pope stays humble.
Newcastle Crown Court heard that Gordon Robson, 26, hit father John Potts, 45, in the back of the head so hard there was an 'audible crack' before he fell down dead. Robson, who has a history of violent offending, was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack outside the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, in November last year. The court was told that Robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of Mr Potts.
Breaking sweat: NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane . Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .
‘You have to do it your own way,’ said Rooney. Rooney insists the team spirit at Man United is fantastic but there are times when he needs to speak up . Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal last summer .
Daniel Boykin, 33, plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. At the time of his arrest last year, Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs. More than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on Boykin’s phone and computer, and he broke into her home five times .
With his $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao less than two weeks away, Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen and Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
The I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! Maze at Thorpe Park Resort is now open to the public . New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be King or Queen of the Jungle .
The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway, DNA Info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. We’re no heroes, just tourists,' Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, told the New York Post. The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive, the Post reports.
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat, after a CCTV device was put in the room by his daughter Angela Wrenn. Seen on CCTV: The videos were handed to police and have now led to Adams being convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order, restraining order and a total fine of £175 .
The paper points out that the forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season, with only Ivan Rakitic and Andres Iniesta being substituted more.
If you turned on the television this past Sunday, though, a new vision of Jesus came into view. Darker, in mood and skin tone. Earthy rather than ethereal. But according to the Apostle Paul, almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong: his flowing locks.
The footage came to light as Scotland Yard was forced to admit it did not respond to a burglar alarm triggered during the raid - which could make it liable for million in compensation.
The project, tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event," is casting-contingent. In addition to Ortega, Gail Berman and Lou Adler, who produced the original film, are also attached as executive producers. The faces of pilot season 2015 .
Some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue, but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the Army has denied. 'I try not to be bitter. But it's kind of hard not to be bitter,' said Jackson, a former staff sergeant. Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight on Wednesday and Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke, while Bastian Schweinsteiger has also now been ruled out of the BayArena clash. Guardiola believes Jerome Boateng (left) is one of the top three centre backs in world football .
(CNN)The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday, a spokesman says. The Yarmouk refugee camp, which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus, has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
In scenes more familiar in the most impoverished refugee camps, scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa. Hunger, poverty and homelessness.'
A quick-thinking 10-year-old helped deliver her baby sister at home using vital tips from television's 'One Born Every Minute' - after she secretly watched the programme against her parents' wishes. But when her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action. Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose, who arrived in the family's front room weighing 7lb 1oz.
It's all part of National Park Week, happening April 18 through April 26, and it's hosted by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test after recovering quicker than expected form a rib injury . Moeen says that he worked on facing short deliveries during the World Cup earlier this year .
Four people have died after a small twin-engine plane crashed in woodland in Florida, killing everyone on-board. The unnamed pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway, before bursting into flames.
BBC programmes are set to move online as part of a new 'internet first' strategy designed to compete with web services such as Netflix and Amazon. But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee, because viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying for them.
Latisha Fisher (left) was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz to death in a bathroom at a Manhattan restaurant. The 35-year-old mother allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of 5 Boro Burger  in Midtown where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy. Workers at the restaurant became alarmed Monday afternoon when a line grew outside the restroom. When employees burst in to see what was wrong, they found Gavriel in his mother's lap - unconscious and foaming from the mouth. However, after her apparent recovery, she had recently shown signs of strange behavior.
The donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work. Royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car, along with a phone number.
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'. His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them.
The two leaders, who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting, are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama. That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba. Obama and Castro have met once before - at the 2013 funeral of Nelson Mandela in South Africa - but today could mark their first robust, in-person meeting. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos hailed Obama's push . to improve relations with Cuba, saying it was helping to heal a 'blister' that was hurting the region.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year. The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up. Under the Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year. Prince Ottaviano worries that Florence's cultural significance has been radically altered. The Save Florence campaign aims to appeal to 'true travellers' rather than tourists blitzing the city in a couple of hours.
Forget dogs' dinners, stylish cook Gizzi Erskine's fussy feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. Draped in peach silk and surrounded by cat delicacies, TV chef Gizzi Erskine appears with her pet Kimchi in cat magazine, Puss Puss . 'I’d love a really small cat tattoo as well, either behind my ear or somewhere discreet.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job at Wigan Athletic after Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked on Monday. Stubbs' No2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff at the DW Stadium before the German was sacked in November.
Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round. Justin Rose reeled off five birdies in the last six holes to move into second place on 12 under .
Downton departs as ECB managing director. Downton's job description has been abolished as a result following England's dismal World Cup showing .
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°C (63.5°F). However, the Antarctic Peninsula is one of the fastest warming spots on Earth.
Fredric Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself, revealed the police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon. Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning. According to the police report, Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. The police report says that Brandt's psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him. The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt premiered on Netflix on March 6 and features a character called, Dr Franff. Discovery: Dr. Brandt was found by a friend inside his home early on Sunday morning having taken his own life .
But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum.' He has received of 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public's support. Director of MAGNT, Pierre Arpin, said he respected the intent of the donor to have medals benefit the public . Mr Cordina said he never knew about the will as his family did not have a relationship with Mr Slade's second wife. 'I'd just love for the museum to have a heart and hand them back.'
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks - in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School in New Addington, south London. But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying at Sunderland beyond the end of this season . ‘We will wait and see with my situation but I am enjoying every minute of this. I enjoy working with people.’ Meanwhile, Advocaat has given his players a five-game survival target. ‘The most important of those five games is against Crystal Palace, because it is the next one.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 . After buying the property, Linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls, stone fireplaces, carved wood details and coffered ceilings. The master bedroom suite features a large balcony.
The Commons expenses watchdog, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority, had launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret. But the Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians.
Manchester United are reported to have put in a £21.5m bid for Dortmund defender Mats Hummels (left) Hummels (left) struggled early in the season for Dortmund and United hope to use that to their advantage . United also retain an interest in Hummels's Dortmund team-mate Ilkay Gundogan, who the club see as a potential successor to Michael Carrick.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores, Washington, beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family . Reece and his fiancee got out of the car, but his mother and daughter were trapped inside . The entire family was able to get out of the car before waves took the vehicle away .
Great team: U.S. Army Staff SGT. Injured: Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory . 'She was the sole reason why I was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife.'
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health . 'I would love to see children eating superfoods.
Police stressed that they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Pep Guardiola was left purring at Bayern Munich's first-half performance against Porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the Champions League semi-finals. Bayern Munich players celebrate in front of their fans after the 6-1 demolition of Porto on Tuesday night . Pep Guardiola looks animated as he issues instructions from the touchline at the Allianz Arena .
He was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn. Woods has returned to action following a break from golf he took to work on his game and rediscover form .
Brazilian teams are on alert because of a dengue fever outbreak that has already affected some of the country's top clubs. Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero is one of three players that have already been diagnosed .
The bright yellow advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'. Feminism isn’t an excuse for being fat.
The Tour de Yorkshire, which begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds, is a legacy of the Grand Depart and features Steven Burke, Mark Christian, Andy Tennant, Owain Doull and Jon Dibben in Team Wiggins. The four-time British Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 .
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. She admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain . Big-hearted host Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant, 'Congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car! The game is over, folks.'
Sutcliffe said: 'The inquiry by Mr Justice Popplewell concluded that it was caused by a discarded cigarette in what was an old wooden stand and I have not heard anything to convince me that that was not the case. Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the Bradford fire is justified .
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach (pictured) on November 30, 2014 . Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant's remains, who they have named Lily Grace, in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . The 'very small' infant was dug up about 50 metres away from the closest footpath leading off the beach .
Bleach attack: Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after New Orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students (one of them pictured here in her school uniform talking on the phone) Splashed: This is the moment the suspect doused the girls with bleach, allegedly in retaliation for skipping the line at the convenience store . Her son has been named a person of interest in the parking lot attack.
Entertainment Weekly points out that the film franchise is doing a much better job of reflecting its audience than others in Hollywood. That's the beautiful thing about how the franchise has evolved."
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'. The fans I met were in mainly quite old although, there's a new generation of people discovering the music of the King.
At least 54 sailors are dead and 63 have been rescued after a trawler sank off the Russian coast north of Japan. The freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula .
Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis.
If there is one thing the Made In Chelsea cast are known for it's their love of shopping. Now one of the stars of the show, Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for. Binky's five tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style . 'Statement jewellery is a complete life-saver as it will jazz up any outfit. 3: Tailored Jacket .
Speaking at a closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas,  the 68-year-old former leader suggested that Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early. And he said that the comprehensive nuclear deal - which is currently being negotiated by six global powers, including the US - would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future. 'In order to be an effective president ... when you say something you have to mean it,' he said, according to Bloomberg, implying that Obama is losing the war against ISIS. 'You gotta kill em.'
The Labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. Speaking in Wirral West - a marginal seat held by the Tory Employment Minister Esther McVey - the Labour leader said exploitation drives low skilled migration and holds down wages for British workers. To start a family.
Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009, at age of 33. Former Celtic striker John Hartson (centre) has reflected on how cancer made him change his life .
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. The Courant added that Hand's sister, Sophie, 7, was named an honorary cheerleader.
Lewandowski powerfully strikes from inside the area to give Bayern Munich a 5-0 lead at half-time as the frontman netted his second . Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso bends the ball past the Porto wall to score his side's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go . A shot from Thomas Muller was saved by Fabiano soon after but that proved a rare moment of competence for the Porto goalkeeper. Colombia international Jackson Martinez, who scored Porto's third goal in the first leg, controls and shields the ball from Rafinha .
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss . They apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and  subsequent doctor's appointments.
Following a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings, WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
Palermo's Paulo Dybala has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs in Europe . 'I love Italy.
In a letter to the Daily Mail, 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. But they say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. But the heads expressed alarm at comments by Ed Miliband that Labour would reimpose ‘a proper local authority framework for all schools’. The letter was signed by: .
The coyote was captured (pictured) more than an hour later when it was shot with a dart laced with Ketaset . Predatory animal: After it was eventually captured, officers placed the urban animal in a containment box and reportedly took it to an Animal Care & Control facility in East Harlem, Upper Manhattan, for evaluation . Another sighting: It is the second time that a coyote has been sighted in New York in only two weeks. On March 30, another coyote spent an hour on top of the LIC bar (pictured) in Long Island City, Queens . It is believed that increasing competition for food is  forcing coyotes to leave their dens and search for new territories to scavenge.
(CNN)A French-language global television network regained control of one of its 11 channels Thursday after a cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts. But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
Comedian Tamale Rocks (left) discovered the two-way mirror in Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes when she was performing there. He added that anyone who didn't like it could 'stay home'. Police are investigating the incident.
The mum, from Warriewood, in northern Sydney, originally set up an Instagram account for Millie-Belle when she was two months old so that their family in WA and Queensland could see her grow. Smiler: Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers . Millie-Belle’s mum styles her outfits and then simply snaps the photos with her iPhone and shares them on Instagram, often with a caption explaining what the 14-month-old tot has been up to. Ms Fox wrote: ‘She's just like her mummy... And on the right, Millie-Belle is ready to shop with her Louis Vuitton purse .
In the letter, she calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls. Malala .
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. Barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune, the National Trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled — by purchasing them. Beginning in 1965, the Trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast.
The young Lyon star has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs but the frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City and claims he would progress with Arsenal under Arsene Wenger.
Bill Dudley is still 'lovin' it' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in Mold, Flintshire, north Wales. Wife Margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald. Bill's special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
Olivia Palermo, who found fame on reality TV show The City, has teamed up with luxury British brand Aspinal of London to design a tote . Olivia's £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf, complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware - and even comes with a built-in phone charger . Millie Mackintosh and Mollie King are fans of Aspinal - Mollie even has a satchel (pictured right) named after her .
Their relationship, he once said, was 'made in heaven'. A death notice in a national newspaper read: 'Bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul, the Afghan capital. One U.S. military officer said the militants currently have limited capability but are trying to recruit disillusioned Taliban in several areas around the country's east and south. It is often said that rivalry between the nascent ISIS presence and the Taliban, who remain the big guns in Afghanistan, is fierce enough to mean the ISIS fighters could be killed for brandishing the flag.
Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for Hull when the Tigers travel to Swansea on Saturday. Physically he's immense, he's terrific, but he has been out for four months with a horrible injury. Manager Steve Bruce is pleased to have Diame back as Hull enter the 'tricky bit of the season' Owner Assem Allam has again applied to the Football Associations that the team's name become Hull Tigers .
Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall,  spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .
Some of the women appear to struggle with the the cumbersome weapons. The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . Charlie Winter, a researcher at counter-terrorism think-tank the Quilliam Foundation, identified the location of the video, believed to have been filmed at the St Simeon's Church, around 60 km from the Syrian city of Aleppo.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home, and is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28. Carole Etienne, the Caen prosecutor, said: 'He admitted there was an argument, and to putting the body in the well. 'He has not yet explained the circumstances of the death,' said Ms Etienne.
Yaya Toure was accused by Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick which killed off Manchester City's hopes of salvaging something from Selhurst Park. 'The rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it's poor from Yaya Toure.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia while his friend Fredrik Schenholm photographed his exploits. Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar Hübinette flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .
Hearts captain Danny Wilson (right) is a summer transfer target for Celtic and could be signed for £400,000 . Celtic will face a challenge to keep hold of the services of highly-rated Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk . John Denayer is expected to return to Manchester City after an impressive loan spell in Scotland .
San Antonio guard Tony Parker lays up as the Spurs overcame the Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday . Spurs win leaves the NBA's Southwest Division split by half a game as they trail Memphis and Houston .
Since 2002, Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli. The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand. Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. He was jailed for 38 years for the shooting of Inan Eren, the murder of his cousin and crime boss Zafer Eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver .
"My personal speech has led to grave social consequences, and I feel remorseful for that. Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China, even today.
The 21-year-old all-rounder, who has yet to make his first-team debut for the Red Rose, plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings. Livingstone's efforts helped Nantwich to compile 579 for seven from their 45 overs.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet. He looks at his mum with tears brimming in his eyes, before bursting into tears.
The law, signed by Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback on Tuesday, bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" and defines as "knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus." Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
Ennis-Hill will be making her first appearance since giving birth to son Reggie last summer. Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford are set to compete at the Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium .
The Spanish tactician, who teamed his tight, grey suit with a navy pullover, black tie and crisp white shirt, joked after the clash: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match.' Dermot O'Leary. Olly Murs. Fashion blogger Simon Glazin isn't convinced by the current trend. You find bigger men stuffing themselves into these skinny suits, and the results are disastrous.
Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched Toner, one of Villa’s most promising young players who captains their Under-21 team aged just 18. Kevin Toner, seen here in action against Liverpool in an FA Youth Cup tie, is being tracked by several clubs .
Sherwood celebrates after Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . 'I think The FA Cup final is a one-off day.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment, called AZDO5030, restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease. Researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in Alzheimer's patients.
Measuring 17 miles (27km) long, iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015, Nasa said. Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels . Scientists are hoping to combine images such as this with noises recorded from icebergs to detect the different ways that glaciers lose ice into the oceans.
The Baltimore Police Department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007 - amid claims it is ordered to withhold such evidence from prosecutors, a court heard. A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, the crime drama based in the same city, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket - but only if he feels he can make a difference. Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket .
(CNN)The boy who asked a church to help him find a forever parent finally has one. Going rented a larger house, and Only moved into the home after his new mom passed the home study. His official adoption date is April 22.
(CNN)The Hillary Clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich" by Peter Schweizer, coming out May 5. It's not that the alleged conflicts aren't potentially serious; as I recently noted in these pages, they are. That doesn't leave much room for outrage. A more serious problem developed internally, with staff members fighting over the direction and management of the charities.
Silence: Representative Darrell Issa (left) asked the State Department about the use of personal email for official business in December 2012, but didn't receive any answer until Clinton (right) had left the department . Shadow: Clinton is likely to want to play down this latest revelation as she begins campaigning in Iowa .
Would you eat this? Love me, Hate me, Break Me -  the Marmite Easter Egg, £5 . The 'Chotch egg is a  free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk, wrapped in British outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent Valrhona dark chocolate .
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world. Park Hyatt New York . Nicholas Oakwell designed the vintage-inspired couture uniforms for the central London Rosewood Hotel. Fong's sophisticated look was inspired by the Asian artwork in the hotel's common spaces .
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour . Today, the High Court ruled that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay Ms Adams in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury .
Allen admits, at times, the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big but has impressed recently . Allen is keen to make history with Wales and finish the work started by former manager, the late Gary Speed .
Many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in an nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel. Old and new: Go Set a Watchman is a sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird - though Lee actually wrote it before the best-selling novel which secured her reputation .
The plunge means Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in Sunday's London Marathon.
West Ham remain in top 10 despite their late slip-up . Stoke boss Mark Hughes felt his side had done more than enough to end a run of three straight defeats.
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself . Currently, the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way, diagonally and sideways.
Karabatic, a multiple world and Olympic gold medalist, and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team. Karabatic, who was briefly detained when the case emerged, now plays for Barcelona in the Spanish league.
The Belgian starlet rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies.
Modern family: Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau's 17-year-old daughter, Audrey (right), was born while her mother was out on probation. Her 16-year-old sister, Georgia (left), was born behind bars . 'They seemed to already know ... because they grew up with it. The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13. After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together. But weeks after he release, she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter. She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later .
He takes over from interim coach Peter Knaebel who replaced sacked Joe Zinnbauer in March and will now return to his post as sports director. Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach on a 15-month contract .
In the statement, Yoko said: 'I'm very saddened by Cynthia's death. She was a great person and a wonderful mother to Julian. John Lennon and Cynthia met at college and married just as Lennon's career with The Beatles propelled him to fame. The couple (pictured together left and right in 1964) divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship with Yoko Ono .
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories. Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked .
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewing’s sarcoma, aged just five, and her parents were informed she only had three months to live. However, she tragically died  during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada, six days after giving birth on March 10. Anne-Louise (right) was with her husband Ryan (left) when she collapsed in the waiting area of a Canadian hospital .
Gaza police have seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled, who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value. It is now being held at Khan Yunis public library .
The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual, just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation.
Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the Bahrain Grand Prix . Jenson Button is training for the London Marathon and went for a run with his wife  in Hyde Park on Tuesday .
Whiz kid: Meet Harold Ekeh, the Long Island senior who has been accepted to every Ivy League college . Star: The high school senior moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents Roseline (pictured) and Paul Ekeh. Ultimately, he plans to be a neurosurgeon to study Alzheimer's, a disease his grandmother suffers from. Right now, Harold is leaning towards Yale.
In her most extraordinary offer yet the nationalist leader called on the Labour leader to help her ‘lock’ David Cameron out of Downing Street. Miss Sturgeon’s latest offer came amid continued fallout from claims she told a French diplomat she wanted David Cameron to remain as Prime Minister.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull to forge a return to the front of the grid. Daniel Ricciardo in action during practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . Daniil Kvyat Red Bull - Renault 1:38.737 . Daniil Kvyat was forced to pull off track 19 minutes from the end of FP2 after his brakes caught fire .
This image shows the wing of a sunset moth . The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II. This camera is fitted to the top of the microscope.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. However, Rihanna doesn't draw the line at just guns and in 2013, she was spotted carrying two clutches embroidered with cannabis leaves.
That was the sentiment of many "Vampire Diaries" fans on Tuesday after star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the CW show at the end of this season. Nothing will be the same again," Twitter user iDamonAndElena posted.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts but stressed they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future. Roberto Martinez insists 37-year-old defender Sylvain Distin still has time to prove he deserves a new deal . Martinez said they have established a list of transfer targets for the summer and, while he would not confirm publicly, Aston Villa's on-loan Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley, out of contract at the end of the season, is believed to be one of them.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League despite defeat by Crystal Palace . The champions face Manchester United on Sunday, having won the last four derbies . Falcao has struggled to cement a starting place since arriving at Old Trafford on an expensive loan deal .
But beyond this, some experts such as psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski suggest, the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect. Kruglanski, distinguished professor of psychology at the University of Maryland, says the frequent, high profile reports of ISIS beheadings could result in psychologically "priming" people to be more inclined to emulate them, or threaten to, during moments of conflict or extreme stress.
Among the state of California's approximately 162,000 inmates, the most dangerous serve their time in Level IV maximum-security facilities where it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated. Now, all four  reside in a Sensitive Needs Housing Unit . Historically, members of these two rival gangs would have killed each other on sight . Some racial segregation is still self-imposed by the inmates, and they are routinely stripped and undergo full-body cavity searches for weapons and narcotics.
Jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues. Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. Angelina Jolie pictured at the United Nations on Friday. Following her UN speech, Jolie spoke on stage during the Women In The World Summit held in New York on Friday.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest CV blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes . Unsurprisingly, brevity is valued, with a massive 46 per cent of the polled senior executives finding long waffling CVs irritating, with only 26 per cent disliking short resumes.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho limps off against Stoke City after 59 minutes to be replaced by Carlton Cole . Sakho in action for West Ham during their 1-1 draw against Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday .
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes (stock image shown). Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes .
A pet goldfish . At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise . Wild Dunes Resort offers a 'best man for hire' service .
Hannover fired coach Tayfun Korkut on Monday after a run of 13 games without a win left the club close to the Bundesliga's relegation zone. Michael Frontzek will take over at Hannover and has five games left this season to avoid relegation .
'Manslaughter': Nicolas Diaz (Ieft), 81, allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend, Kevin Rivera, (right), after the couple started arguing following their daughter's first birthday party on Sunday . Scene: Diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter, Amber Diaz, and 21-year-old Mr Rivera got into a dispute at their home in this apartment bock at 1225 Broadway (pictured) in Bushwick in Brooklyn, New York . He has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon in relation to the killing.
Laura Mary Sumner, pictured, has been ordered to leave Russia within ten days after being branded a 'spy' A pro-Kremlin website claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia by British historian, Professor Sarah Badcock. Ms Sumner, left, was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her PhD under Professor Sarah Badcock of Nottingham University, right, who is acknowledged as one of Britain's leading Russian experts .
Harvey Weinstein's wife of eight years is furious and humiliated by the allegations that he groped a 22-year-old Italian model, according to a new report. The source told the Daily News that Chapman, who has two children with Weinstein, wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible. But a spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together. 'He didn't deny doing what she said he did to her. Battilana has claimed Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
Adult jail: Jamie Silvonek, the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a prosecutor said . Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison said that she completely 'accepts' that she will one day be replaced on the BBC show. In 2011 Ellie was asked by producers to be 'less present' a comment she believes was directed at her blonde hair. In 2009 Miriam O'Reilly successfully sued the BBC for age discrimination after being dropped by the show in a revamp .
The women of Japan swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear, unblemished skin. Mahonia, which is also known as Oregon Mountain Grape, is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds, setting a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. Lu Lu has been bestowed the name 'The Enduring Brother' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines .
Killer cop Michael Slager is not eligible for South Carolina's death penalty even if he is convicted of murder, according to local prosecutors. It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit. Charleston County's chief prosecutor Scarlett Wilson made the point Monday, after media reporting on the shooting widely pointed out that South Carolina law does include the death penalty. Slager, who was being held in Charleston County jail, could .
Rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from Africa  around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight, these first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour. Genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. Dr Mathieson and his colleagues also found that when the first farmers from the Near East arrived in Europe, they carried with them genes for light skin.
Scottish Premiership outfit Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games . Dundee Utd goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak looks back at his goal after Mark Stewart opened the scoring .
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs - meaning that our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. The research, by Canadian and Australian scientists, found that people in the US had far smaller collection of bacteria - called the ‘microbiome’ - than people from Papua New Guinea.
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later, said Katie Ingram of Orange County Animal Care.
Freddie Gray, 27, was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore, Maryland, by four officers for an undisclosed violation . Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later . Thirty minutes after he was put in restraints, an ambulance was called to the police station to take Gray to the hospital. The alleged violation that led to Gray's arrest has not been disclosed. Justice League NYC organized a rally Saturday night at the Western District station where Gray was taken . 'He lapsed into a coma, died, was resuscitated, stayed in a coma and on Monday, underwent extensive surgery at Shock Trauma to save his life. She promised a thorough investigation and 'real answers' for the community.
The rogue trader facing charges he manipulated the share market and helped trigger a trillion dollar Wall Street crash will remain in jail for the weekend after failing to pay his £5million bail.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways and he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job .
According to a Wall Street Journal report Thursday, Chinese nuclear experts have told the United States that Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. Washington and Seoul have tended to have a policy that leans toward downplaying North Korean threats, at least when there isn't a full-fledged crisis going on.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype, shown . Running out of battery on your phone whilst out (31 per cent) 8.
The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.
When Burger met King, it was love . "The Vampire Diaries" crisis .
A 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous NSA whistle-blower now exiled in Russia was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park in the pre-dawn hours Monday. We’re wondering if on the long arc of time Snowden will be considered a hero, too.’ It took the anonymous artists six months  to sculpt, mold and cast Snowden's likeness worth $30,000 out of a high-quality plaster-like material called hydrocal, and then have it shipped to New York. The block letters spelling Snowdon’s name below a brass eagle were also removed. The installation of the sculpture came hours after HBO aired John Oliver's interview with Edward Snowden on the comedian’s show Last Week Tonight.
David Zaslav (above) was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday . This thanks to shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo (left) and his running of networks like Oprah Winfrey's OWN (right) Discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week . This amount is far, far greater than the $93million CBS chairman Sumner Redstone (left) made in 2013 and the $67m Les Moonves (right) made .
Martin Springall (pictured with his daughter, who he wished not to be named) said he had 'no idea' what the item could be . A trick of the light or paranormal forces at play? 'I really don't like dwelling on stuff like this, to be honest - it freaks me out.' 'I'm about as skeptical as they come when it comes to the paranormal, so your guess is as good as mine.'
Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the US . Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants. In a speech last year in Kentucky, Clinton claimed Hanna 'immigrated with her family as a young girl to Scranton [Pennnsylvania] and went to work, very young, in a silk mill.'
Getting ready: The CCTV towers will  will monitor the border between Poland and Kaliningrad, where Moscow recently announced they are set to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles .
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught, which was blamed on the banned Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four, despite an up-and-down season . RESULTS . PERFORMANCES . RELATIONSHIP WITH PLAYERS . Sir Alex Ferguson was a regular presence in the stands at Old Trafford during Moyes's rule .
Scottish golfer Carly Booth took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body, as she posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers. Carly Booth poses with her golf club as she takes part in the Golf Punk magazine photo shoot in Mauritius .
She captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team in Ohio and raised $1.5million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer. And one of the millions Lauren Hill touched was LeBron James, who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via Twitter on Friday, just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor. In the letter, the basketball star, dubbed King James, praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership', 'courage' and 'strength' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG). Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten.
People carrier: Two adults and four children were pictured riding on the same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman, Argentina . The family's actions were condemned on social media sites after pictures of the incident appeared online in Argentina.
In an exclusive interview with Daily Mail Australia, UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way', calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. Motivated mumpreneur: British children's cook book author Annabel Karmel, has over 40 books to her name . Karmel crusade: Karmel is out to revolutionise healthy meals for kids with the launch of a new frozen food range .
Ten years ago, bartender Liz Clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. The 34-year-old left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. And for the last decade Liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat, travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
(CNN)Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery, the coalition said Sunday.
Palmer, 52, has delighted Northern Rail passengers with his self-penned poems since Christmas last year . Graham said: 'I'm taking the mickey out of myself a little bit and it's all done tongue in cheek, but at least it's getting the message across.
Jobless: Miss Broom has not worked since 2001 when she was 19 years old after she was declared unfit to work after suffering from depression and back problems associated with her size . Miss Broom receives monthly benefits including £460 disability living allowance and joint £200 housing benefit with fiancé Jordan Burford, 39, who also gets £134 income support a month. The 33-year-old admits she will struggle to pay back the full amount and says she'd prefer to go halves.
Yesterday Mr Erlam, 64, a retired film maker, said:‎ 'Since last week, many people have asked me to stand. Andy Erlam (centre) was one of four petitioners including Angela Moffat (left) and Azmal Hussein (right) who accused Rahman of electoral fraud.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women. Diane Morris (right) claims her and Mike Holpin's sex life is 'great' and has brushed off claims he still uses dating website Plenty of Fish despite their engagement . She said: 'Mike and I have a great sex life. I trust Mike completely and I know his womanising days are over.
Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face, say local police. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
Mr Farage was taken aback, and attacked a 'total lack of comprehension' from those watching and protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'. His outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching.
Qatar's grip on London’s real estate tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority share in the company behind the iconic Claridge’s hotel. The hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country, whose investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings including The Shard, Harrods and One Canada Tower - the centrepiece of the Canary Wharf financial district. Qatar’s royal family, which owns more of London than the Crown Estate, is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Ben Stokes was involved in a war of words with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second Test. Ben Stokes is spoken to by umpire Steve Davis after a heated exchange with Samuels, who is 94 not out . Samuels was put on his back by Stuart Broad, who bowled too short on day one but got value for this bouncer .
Tina Campbell paid £100 for hair extensions - and was left with a hole in her head . A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils . 'Then, the night before my birthday, the lumps burst and thick red, lumpy liquid seeped out that burned as it touched the raw skin. Despite her grim experience, Miss Campbell said the experience has not put her off.
Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday and said he would ‘absolutely’ shake Levy’s hand. Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club .
The modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock, which he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea. The time was measured using a radio-controlled clock, which received the national time signal, and the BT speaking clock. The clock has since been certified by the Guinness World Records.
She was not a student at Valdosta State, according to the school. Police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration, and they issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus. Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University, Georgia, and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators last week. She was later demoted, and ultimately left the Air Force.
The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. The British rider finished less than a quarter of a second down.
Neymar chases for the ball during the win against Paris Saint Germain in the Champions League quarter-final . Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo (left) and Lionel Messi in his skillset .
But no, she was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen, the day after her first birthday. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. One photograph encapsulated the terror: a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee Almon. Remembering: Aren and her family throw a party for Baylee on her birthday every year . To the Almon-Kok family, she is very much still with them. 'She just dealt with it the best way she can. It’s everybody’s baby.'
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun, shown in this still image . In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form, shown here .
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat. Taking aim at Hillary Clinton, Cruz said in a Wednesday evening Facebook, 'Having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for President of the United States.' 'It is my strong belief that not only should they definitely give back the money and cease accepting foreign donations, but should also make every effort to find missing documents that would shed light if in fact they are innocent,' he said.. Two GOP presidential hopefuls - Ted Cruz, left, and Ben Carson, right - want the Clinton Foundation to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago . 'It's the Clinton way: raking in millions from foreign governments behind closed doors while making promises about transparency that they never intended to keep,' Fiorina wrote on Facebook.
John Caudwell, the founder of Phones4U, bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million in order to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex. The new apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats, rivalling properties such as One Hyde Park for the title of the world's most desirable living space. Overhaul: The vista will be almost unrecognisable when the complex is built - but it has to get planning permission first .
Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscope into the woman's lung, which showed the earring was covered in mucus (pictured) She took a deep inspiration, but immediately felt a painful scratch in her throat. She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by ambulance to the A&E department of St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney, the report said.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital Riyadh. Shotgun wedding: The groom's brother was caught on camera as he lost control of a Kalashnikov while firing a celebratory round into the air .
Bristol City striker Aaron Wilbraham celebrates his 63rd minute goal against Preston at Deepdale . That was until Jermaine Beckford popped up, five yards out, to send Deepdale delirious just before the hour mark. But they only managed to hold the lead for four minutes, Aden Flint intelligently flicking a header towards the middle of the six-yard box for Wilbraham to power home in front of the travelling band from the West Country, his 20th of the season.
Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a 'triumphalist' way – to avoid upsetting the French. But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'.
Menacing: Alongside the 4ft missile were the head and shoulders of a dummy wearing a balaclava . Prank: Police and an Army bomb disposal team responded to the call and later said the missile 'was found to be purely ornamental' Realistic fake: The 4ft-long model weapon was mounted on the roof on the barge as it sailed down the Thames in Berkshire .
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to Newbury’s opening ended with two near-misses. The Queen's Ring of Truth (left) pictured making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes .
Casualties: The Pentagon announced Tuesday plans to exhume the bodies of some 400 sailors and Marines who were killed on the USS Oklahoma on December 7, 1941, in the Japanese assault on Pearl Harbor. Overall, more than 2,000 Americans died in the surprise attack on December 7, 1941 which sparked the entrance of the U.S. into World War II .
Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence. A woman named Michelle, right, told police that the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle .
Here, Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference. Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win . Championship . If Rotherham win, Millwall will be relegated if they lose. League One . Already-promoted Burton (home to Northampton) will be champions if they win and Shrewsbury (away to Cheltenham) fail to win.
In fact, the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best, but also at its most hectic. "It was tough, very intense at times, sometimes emotional and confrontational."
A 15-year-old boy has been cautioned after posting a racist tweet aimed at Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck. The teenager took to social media after Welbeck scored the winner to knock his former club Manchester United out of the FA Cup on March 9.
The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state. Only God can judge me," Dahou said, "People talked but I said I decided to be a man so I can take care of my small daughter."
Half of hospitals in England are allowing patients to jump NHS queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves, new figures reveal (file picture) Half of hospitals are letting patients jump NHS queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves, an investigation has revealed. Campaigners accused hospitals of profiting from elderly patients.
Frances -- the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain and an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" -- was "a 15-year-old Goth kid, so stoked," she recalls with a laugh during a recent interview for the cover story in our new issue. Rolling Stone: A guide to Cobain's cinematic legacy . The timing is .
Authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin, of Atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed, according to WMUR. His health status has not been immediately disclosed.
The song can’t be identified and doesn’t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale, raising hopes that it could be coming from a completely new species. Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux's beaked whales or Cuvier's beaked whales, because the signal doesn’t match their songs.
Many Clouds, winner of Saturday's Grand National, is shown off during a parade in Lambourn on Sunday . Fans line the streets to pay their well-wishes to the Grand National winning horse . Has AP McCoy finally found his nemesis in Oliver Sherwood?
Championship player of the year Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the honour . Dele Alli, the Football League's Young Player of the Year, finished second behind Joe Garner in League One . Shrewsbury Town had three inclusions in the League Two list behind winner Danny Mayor, of Bury .
She was escorted out of the racecourse, in Melbourne's south-east, when she became 'irate' after a young volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many Easter eggs. She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to 'f*** off' The woman kept denying she was smuggling eggs into additional plastic bags she had brought in . The egg hunt looks to raise money for Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation, which helps bring awareness of tissue and organ donation to the forefront . He said Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation tried to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
That's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney, with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. VOLUMINOUS SILHOUETTES . Maticevski, Romance Was Born, Ellery and Michael Lo Sordo all presented billowing, voluminous gowns.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel, and was the nation's deadliest since the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1998.
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal two days ago surged past 3,000 on Monday, a government official said. The number of people confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218, said Nepalese Ministry of Home Affairs spokesman Laxmi Dhakal. India has reported 56 deaths, and China another 20. People are squeezed in.
Candle entrepreneur Jo Malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the Tories' as the 'only people' who can keep the economy secure . A change to a Labour government the letter warns 'would be far too risky and would undo all the good work of the last 5 years'.
The father branded a 'pikey' during a neighbourhood row over Christmas lights will defiantly switch them on tonight. He says his nearest neighbours support him in his idea to raise awareness of charities. He said he planned to take them down next month, but now will keep them up 'out of principle'
But 17-year-old Siobhan O'Dell hit back after being sent a rejection letter from Duke University, by sending the admissions office a message of her own, rejecting their rejection. Miss O'Dell's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her Tumblr account, and will even feature in Duke's college newspaper .
Dirk Kuyt (left) is returning to Feyenoord, nine years after leaving the Dutch Eredivsie club for Liverpool . He made 104 appearances for the Netherlands and scored 24 goals.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. Baby name showdown: Nicholas and Kseniya Soukeras can't agree over whether to name their child Spyridon or Michael, which Nicholas says his wife will shorten to Mischa . While they wait to find out, Nicholas is hoping to get 100,000 signatures supporting his choice — the magic number that his wife agreed would be enough for him to get his way.
A jury in Placerville, California, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie'.
The swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away.
Authorities in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo.
The group of Chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign outside the Emirates . The four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north London . Their hard work lasted just 10 minutes before being taken down by Emirates Stadium staff .
Property developers are expected to pay millions for this house which was made available last week after police evicted a 65-year-old hoarder and removed her mother's five-year-old mummified corpse . The remains which were removed from the house on April 4 are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, a hoarder. She is now being mentally assessed. Authorities said the home was covered in debris, including dog feces and bottles of urine .
Both skipper Kellock and Hall - who have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club - are to retire come the end of May and each have a maximum of six outings left of their distinguished professional careers. Glasgow Warriors veteran Al Kellock will start at lock against Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night .
But last week it was on the issue of quotas, or more specifically FA chairman Greg Dyke’s idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger shows his frustrations during a Premier League match in March 2011 .
Thelma and Louise of Wellness: Shannah Kennedy (left) and Lyndall Mitchell (right) are taking their Masterclass of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia .
Police were making their final security checks outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington today, as the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child approaches. Nearly there: The Duchess of Cambridge, pictured last month, is due to give birth on the 25th April . Today, Kensington Palace announced that her husband Prince William had completed his Air Ambulance training early, freeing him up to be with his wife and avoiding a two-hour hospital dash from Norfolk.
The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled. The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution. He passed a drug test and was discharged, Alaska Airlines said.
The broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. I suspect Gabby Logan isn't asked about being married or being a mother,' she said.
It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children in April, 1955 that caused polio cases in the United States to drop by almost 90% over the course of two years. Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups . Centre-back - Kolo Toure (Liverpool) Another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract. Unwanted by Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley . Manchester United and City are said to be interested in Burnley's dangerous striker Danny Ings .
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday - and was not selected.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, Smita Haval Khamitkar, and their sons Arnav Khamitkar, 10 and Arush Khamitkar, 6, in separate rooms at their Tulsa home, police said. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. They are still searching for a motive .
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments (pictured) to understand how farming spread. They found that the pathways of the spread of farming over 3,000 years, are less clear than previously thought.
(CNN)Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. The Saudis have thus far ignored the Iranian proposal. Riyadh has tried hard to muster a military coalition that is willing to dispatch ground troops but its effort has so far been nothing short of a fiasco.
The Delphi drivebegan  March 22 near San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge, with plans to wind up in New York City just before the annual auto show opens there on April 3.
A mother-of-two who lost her eye to skin cancer is warning people against the dangers of wearing cheap sunglasses. Debbie’s problems first began when she was 24 and had a cancerous mole removed from her neck. She was given the all-clear and put it behind her.
The 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night and take his total tally to 102 goals in less than three years in the French capital. To put his remarkable goalscoring record at PSG into perspective, he now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books. The longest spell he has ever spent at one club is three seasons so on that basis a move away from PSG could be on the horizon. But would he choose the Premier League for a last hurrah?
Fiore were stunned in the 90th minute when Verona substitute Mounir Obbadi scored from close range after Alessandro Diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side. Whistles greeted the end of the match and coach Vincenzo Montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for failing to turn their domination into goals.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling  plastic water bottles and abuse at them. 'Police will be taking legal action against them while inquiries to identify others involved are continuing,' a police statement said. Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack .
Reduced the rubble: The former Bab al-Aziziya palace, which boasted a zoo, fairground and pool, now lies in a derelict state . 'People were afraid even to look at the walls, for fear of being arrested,' he said. Now: The palace has lain in ruin for almost four years, after it was hastily bulldozed by rebels once they took control of it in 2011 .
A pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion . 'We were told she would have six weeks to live — she fought to have the baby. That's the decision she made — she gave up her life.' She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis by suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure. Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths, as 83 percent of pregnant leukaemia sufferers go into remission with treatment.
Leigh Griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against Dundee United on Sunday . I’m sure he is now being guided by the Celtic management team.’ It has taken time, work and effort to get to a point where Griffiths can now boast 14 goals in his last 17 games. Boldly, Neil Lennon took a gamble on signing him for £900,000 in January 2014. Griffiths was Wolves leading goalscorer in January of last year, scoring 13 goals in all .
The Nigerian city is among African metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent. More from Africa View .
Aggressive: The soldiers of the Army of Islam perform a series of military drills (pictured) in what the group describes as the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the start of the Syrian revolution . Joining forces: Jaysh Al-Islam was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime .
A Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
Leicester Tigers centre Tuilagi has been out of action since his picked up a groin injury in October .
Messi (left) is slightly doubtful after suffering a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month . The forward didn't feature in either of Argentina's recent friendlies against El Salvador or Ecuador .
On Tuesday, the trial's sentencing phase will begin, determining whether he will receive the death penalty. We have a notion of "Boston Strong" coming from the attacks and the city's response. That is only partially true. Could the bombing have been avoided?
Palaeontologists say the four feet (1.2 metres) tall bird is  the most complete skeletons of a 'terror bird' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds - to be discovered. The fossilised skeleton (above) was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina .
Carwyn Scott-Howell was described as a ‘daring, outgoing and determined’ youngster whose ‘handsome smile lit up any room’. The schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. His mother stopped to help her daughter and continued to the bottom of the piste.
The FBI announced that Patel (left) faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $20,000 reward for information about Patel's whereabouts. A taxi driver told investigators that she picked up Patel on April 12 across from the Dunkin’ Donuts and drove him to a Best Western in Newark, New Jersey, approximately 185 miles away, according to WTOP. Patel was last seen on surveillance footage at a Best Western in Newark, New Jersey, near the Newark Liberty International Airport on April 13. According to authorities, Patel is considered to be dangerous.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland.
A young Irish rugby star escaped serious injury when his home was targeted by a gunman who fired multiple bullets through his windows. Investigators' markings showed at least 12 bullets hit one window of the house . Mr McBurney, who lives at the home on a quiet residental street in County Antrim with his brother Shane, 20, is deemed a bright prospect for Irish rugby and played in Ireland U20's game vs France U20's (pictured above) One neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, described the incident as 'very worrying'.
(CNN)Suspected Boko Haram militants this week attacked civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month, killing at least 16 villagers, a military spokesman told CNN Saturday. The attackers came Thursday "in the hundreds ... torched Dia village in the Far North Region," he said.
The film shows a stony-faced Bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting, while lecturing people on 'responsible' gun ownership.
The green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year’s tournament. I left myself too much work to do.’ Ian Poulter was dressed all in purple on Sunday for his final round at Augusta . Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final round at Augusta on Sunday .
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird, according to the Salt Lake Tribune. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person. Schanze is known in Utah for his shrill, hyperactive TV commercials for his Totally Awesome Computers retail chain .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. The last time United and City met in a late kick-off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011.
On Test Match Special, Graeme Swann revealed the exact moment Cook’s form with the bat took a turn for the worse. As a result, this is only the third Test it has hosted, and on Tuesday Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada.
This is a welcome step -- an estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year, and some 8% are among injection drug users. Syringe exchange programs not only save lives, but also save millions of dollars in HIV treatment costs.
I have voted for all of them.' Emil Efremov said: 'These photos show Kazakh women are as beautiful as any others.
Morgan Geyser, along with her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014. In need of treatment: Morgan Geyser, 12, has been remanded on $500,000 for attempted murder charges. Her lawyer's motion to have the bail reduced so that she could move to a mental hospital was denied Friday . Emergency responders said it was a miracle she survived . Decision: Circuit Judge Michael Bohren ruled Friday that Geyser is a flight risk and should remain in jail .
Elaborate plot: Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana (left), has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23 (right) Kidnapped: Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity (pictured), and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy . Killed: Police say Fleming, 23, was lured from her home by Jones and brought Serenity with her . Investigation: According to reports, a woman called Fleming's mother before she disappeared saying she was with DCS and wanted information .
Manchester United duo Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria celebrated their 3-1 triumph over Aston Villa by flying out to Lisbon on Easter Sunday. United defender Rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside fellow Argentina international Di Maria and their families while sitting on a private plane. Rojo and Di Maria are not back in action until next Sunday when Manchester United host local rivals Manchester City.
The Eiffel Tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures. The nationwide strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.
Kevin Pietersen will step up his attempts to earn an England recall when he starts batting on Monday . Coach Peter Moores was less ambiguous. Asked at Gatwick about the situation, Moores said: 'From my point of view, Kevin isn't on the radar.'
Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal steps up to score from the spot against Monaco in Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg . The Chile international lets out a roar after giving his side the lead from the spot as goalkeeper Subasic looks on at the Juventus Stadium . Ricardo Carvalho keeps his eye on the ball but trips Alvaro Morata to give away a penalty - initial contact was seemingly outside of the area .
Intrepid Travel, who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year, have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11. And those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip. Jordan Torrilla, Nepal expert with luxury holiday company Kuoni has warned tourists what they should expect if they honour their trips to the Asian country. And the Foreign & Commonwealth Office (FCO) told MailOnline Travel that tourists should be aware that Nepal is always considered a country of 'high-risk' of earthquake, and that their main focus is on helping Britons caught up in the disaster. A statement on the FCO website reads: 'The British Embassy would seek to help British nationals to leave as soon as possible following a major natural disaster.
Manchester City players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season. Manuel Pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules .
Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. But for years the case was locked in the courts because the Port of Seattle claimed it wasn't liable for what happened as Afoa worked for a private firm.
Zabaleta admits confidence is low with Sunday's derby loss at Manchester United having continued a dismal run which has seen City capitulate in the Barclays Premier League title race. Manuel Pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at Old Trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a Champions League place. Aguero scored twice, but he had very little to cheer about as Manchester City left the Eitihad empty handed .
Again, like Rory, the driver also happens to be the best club in her bag. The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy . Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Kentucky judge Olu Stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple's victim impact statements . At the sentencing for Gregory Wallace, Stevens accused the Grays of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter's mind . 'Had the perpetrator been white, I doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations,' wrote Stevens afterwards on Facebook . Friends and family of the Grays say they are outraged by his comments and are calling for him to be removed. She is in constant fear of black men.
Anthony Watson carries during an impressive Bath performance, but the English side came up short . Attention will now quickly return to the Premiership, with Bath having four games left - against Newcastle, London Irish, Harlequins and Gloucester - in the quest for a top-four finish.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier . The Thrilla in Manila . Just as they are saying about Mayweather v Pacquiao, the perceived wisdom was that Ali-Frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s.
A host of failings left gangs  free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children  in the town between 1997 and 2013, an inquiry by the National Crime Agency (NCA) concluded. The NCA review examined three current South Yorkshire Police investigations into child sex exploitation. In light of its findings, the NCA will now also expand their investigation to include three further police operations, with the aim of bringing more offenders to justice.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on their failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs. The most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place while Chevrolet and Mazda were joint fourth.
Gareth Bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of Real Madrid’s league game on Saturday and will almost certainly miss the second leg of the Champions League against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the Italian coast guard, which said it received on Monday -- alone -- SOS calls from 20 boats in distress.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. Shady Yassin, Fohounhedo's attorney, said the woman made the pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they 'went back to his place'. 'Whatever happened there did not arise to anything criminal,' he said. Fohounhedo was released from Cook County Jail on Monday night.
She was last seen wearing a blue jeans, black jumper and black shoes. Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning, and were concerned for Ms Gordon-Smith because of her age .
Although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, this is the first time they have been seen around Britain. The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
American icon: Kanye West covers Paper magazine's April issue - less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the glossy .
(CNN)Job one for newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of Freddie Gray, 25. But as events in Baltimore demonstrate, too many local departments aren't getting the message.
Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes) 68 . The record states that Hamilton won, Rosberg was second and Ferrari’s Sebastian Vettel third. Hamilton stands on top of his Mercedes and salutes the crowd after claiming the fourth victory of his career in China . Hamilton points to his team after extending his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship after three rounds . Kimi Raikkonen (Finland) Ferrari 00:03.835 . Felipe Massa (Brazil) Williams-Mercedes 00:08.544 . Valtteri Bottas (Finland) Williams-Mercedes 00:09.885 . Jenson Button, who finished 13th, was involved in a collision with Pastor Maldonado towards the end of the race .
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods (above) play in the second round of the Masters . Vonn (above) looked stressed at times though Woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69 . If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods . Spieth, 21, broke the 36 hole record on Friday and is 14-under-par for the tournament, 12 strokes ahead of Woods .
CNN's African Voices caught up with the sister act -- known collectively as Faarrow (combining the translation of their names into English -- Iman means "Faith" and Siham means "Arrow") to talk about music, aspirations and Somalia. CNN: You are working on your debut album now -- how's that been? It's a fusion of everything.
Mr Valls's comments follow the arrest of 24-year-old student Sid Ahmed Ghlam (pictured) who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons, including Kalashnikov assault rifles . 'We have never had to face this kind of terrorism in our history.'
Head coach Tony Pulis insists West Brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in. They also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games, along with a trip to Newcastle. West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams .
Russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens. However, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature. The Alien that terrified people in the 1979 sci-fi film, was inspired by a crinoid.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal, who they play at the weekend, and Brazil international Oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons. Chelsea travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face their nearest rivals Arsenal, and a win can take them 13 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma, while Bogard has pleaded not guilty.
But a new Instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff, often topless, men cuddling their adorable pet pups. The account was started by writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages . The account belongs to Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound, who also created the Rich Dogs Of Instagram account.
The Burnley winger has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen. Between them, the Burnley squad have run an incredible 2,172.3 miles this campaign. Only Eriksen, Stoke City's Steven NZonzi, Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Aaron Cresswell of West Ham feature from clubs  in the top half of the Premier League.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. Here, in an extract from her new book - The De-Stress Effect: Rebalance Your Body’s Systems for Vibrant Health and Happiness - she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients... CRACKS AT THE SIDE OF THE MOUTH . WHITE SPOTS ON NAILS .
Mr Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax. Labour claims its tax break – which would last three years – would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, who purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people, had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it later emerged. The discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records . All 150 people on board were killed on impact .
Paul Clement (right) is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren at Derby County should he leave . Sportsmail understands Clement is aware of Derby's interest; and the Championship club will make formal contact with Real once McClaren's future is settled.
Troubling questions: Lord Janner controversially escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations because the Crown Prosecution Service said Alzheimer’s has left him unfit to face trial . Lord Macdonald QC, Director of Public Prosecutions from 2003 to 2008, said the decision not to prosecute Janner in 2007 was made by local CPS lawyers, and new evidence was not passed to him . Probes: Greville Janner, left in 1974, served as an MP for decades and was investigated in 1991, 2002 and 2007 .
He was near a bank in Jalalabad early Saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring another 125. Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Tomas Berdych set up a hotly-anticipated rematch with Andy Murray with a straight-sets win against Juan Monaco in the Miami Open quarter-finals on Wednesday. Berdych approaches the net to play the volley as the Czech sets up a rematch with Andy Murray .
At an extraordinary pre-trial hearing, the Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January while apparently trying to protect a group of girls. The trial, due to take place in June, was originally set for Bristol Crown Court, 30 miles from Gloucester.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland, where cannabis is decriminalised, have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. The pair also came to stark conclusions when looking at stats for maths students. The economists say there is little evidence of how the drug, linked to psychosis, affects wider society .
They divorced and Esparza went on to become a psychology professor in France and the mother of a little girl . His wife Diane has taken a plea deal and was expected to testify against Van. Esparza, 40, is now the mother of a little girl.
George Osborne's economic record will come under fresh scrutiny with data expected to show growth slowed at the start of 2015. Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9 per cent in the same period in 2014.
Compare that with the battery life of a modern iPhone or Samsung Galaxy. Nigel Linge, professor of telecommunications at Salford University, says the problem isn’t the batteries, which have improved immeasurably over the past couple of decades. Turning off Bluetooth — the wireless system used by phones to connect to printers, laptops and other computers — will save your battery from running down.
Sterling, who is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield, has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack', and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe. Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies .
But he was accused of ‘total hypocrisy’ on the issue after it emerged 68 of his MPs – including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls – had employed staff on that basis in the past two years. As the revelations emerged, party chiefs engineered a letter, signed by 100 workers and employers from ‘all walks of life’, that was also designed as a riposte to a letter signed by dozens of business leaders who backed the Tories this week. Other signatories included 21-year-old Manchester University students John-Jo Pierce and Rory Somerville. Black tie: Rory Somerville, aged 19, pictured at a university ball . Mr Somerville, who is in his final year studying economics, is registered to vote at his mother's house, in an affluent area of Belfast.
But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job ‘in all circumstances’. His comments came as Business Secretary Vince Cable said he hoped to be made Chancellor if the Lib Dems form another coalition with the Conservatives.
This idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of Western Sahara, a long-disputed region of northwestern Africa. Simon Brann Thorpe's "Toy Soldiers" book is available for pre-order through Dewi Lewis Publishing.
Latika Bourke had a blissfully happy childhood  running around care-fee with her seven siblings in their backyard in regional Australia. Latika Bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire which she found life-changing . India has become Latika's second home and she has visited every year since her first visit in 2012 . Now 31 years old and working as a journalist, she hopes to live in India one day and write about many of the country's wonderful stories.
'It's ironic that I am being accused of a conflict of interest by these doctors, when, as you are about to see, some of them have their own conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also,' he said on Thursday's show. A report followed revealing how some of the 10 doctors 'have big ties to big industry.' The organization has previously received grants from Monsanto, who manufactures GMO seeds. He told NBC News that the Dr. Oz Show is actually 'not a medical show,' but that he had decided to no longer use 'inflammatory' words like 'miracle'.
This will prove yet another bitter pill for Saracens to swallow. Clermont centre Wesley Fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from Marcelo Bosch . Charlie Hodgson missed two critical long-range penalties on Saturday but the veteran fly half has been magnificent this season and the second-half appearance of Owen Farrell from the bench saw the England No 10 make his first appearance since rupturing knee ligaments in January.
The Chelsea captain scored his side's second goal in their 3-1 win away at Leicester on Wednesday night - as the Blues close in on their fourth Premier League title. Terry's strike at the King Power Stadium was his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season . West Ham legend Julian Dicks (right) scored 10 Premier League goals for the club during the 1995-96 season .
London Welsh forward Chris Hala'ufia  tackles a streaker during Saturday's Aviva Premiership match . Hala'ufia halted  Laurence Pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf . After studying replays on the big screen, referee Tim Wigglesworth showed Hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove Pearce's head into the ground.
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: 'A 33-year-old man and a 31-year-old woman who were arrested on suspicion of shoplifting were advised on April 10 that they would face no further action.' Sportsmail understands officers accepted Dossena's claims that he had simply forgotten to pay for a couple of items.
April Fools: An April Fools Day prank went horribly wrong when a joke involving fireworks led to an apartment fire (photographed) near Grand Valley State University in Michigan . Fireworks: Fire officials said one of the apartment building's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire . No one was hurt, Fox reports, and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside, yesterday evening. All hell broke loose. A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
Charged: This picture shows Zachary Davis in 2012 when he was arrested aged 15 for the murder of his mother and attempted murder of his brother . Zachary Davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh. He told the court he awoke to the sound of the smoke alarm and ran to his mother's room but found it was locked.
Lewis Hamilton, pictured at a Hugo Boss promotional event, says his Mercedes contract has not been sorted . The British world champion admits issues with paperwork has been 'a pain in the backside' According to Hamilton it now means 'it is unlikely' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Following continuous problems with crowd trouble, the Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events. Stavros Kontonis, Deputy Minister for Education, Culture and Religious Affairs, criticised FIFA and UEFA in a strongly worded media statement, accusing both governing bodies of showing little interest in helping solve the issues of violence which have caused matches in Greece to be suspended three times just this season.
Now it has emerged Ed Miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders’ clash – including one reminding him to be a ‘happy warrior’. Well, it should, because he said it five years ago.’ The Labour leader urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. ‘Me Vs DC: Decency, Principle, Values’ Crucial buzzwords.
She had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990. Besides bigamy allegations, there were mutual allegations of battery, accusations by Lolita Grayson of financial abandonment by the congressman and a trial delay caused by Lolita Grayson's leaking breast implants.
Louis van Gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on Sunday night as he was snapped with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen in a restaurant. Duggan later deleted the post. Ander Herrera (left) and Juan Mata hit the town to celebrate the win against their great rivals City .
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night . He then called police, and they picked up the boy (above). Truong's sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping . Nguyen later turned herself into police and was questioned for several hours. Detectives have yet to reveal a motive for the crime.
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses. While she hasn't finished the documentary yet, Milliken tells Daily Mail Online her research so far has indicated Yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site - a claim that company has vigorously denied. A racket?
The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years. She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. The tribunal has confirmed the new complaints and will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty.
Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and coated the mountains in snow - a welcome respite but one that will do little to ease the historic drought, forecasters say.
Raheem Sterling (right) was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers (left) hasn't disciplined Sterling (pictured) or Ibe for the incident .
Hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from Patient Style and the Henry Ford Innovation Institute. What patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals proper access during exams, meaning it must open and close easily.
More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday . Thousands of animals are feared to have been wiped out by the blaze after yesterday's strong winds of up to 45mph, coupled with bone dry ground thanks to a lack of rain, whipped the flamed across across 70 hectres of heathland . Eighty firefighters spent hours tackling the blaze. Dorset Police have confirmed they are treating the fire as suspicious and investigations are ongoing but no arrests have been made yet .
LEAGUE ONE . Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry . Shrewsbury will be up if they win at home to York, Bury lose and Southend fail to win at Exeter.
A new study has revealed that a third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to wash their own car (file pic) The survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV, found that 31 per cent of men have never washed their own car, with only 12 per cent of those that do saying they do it regularly.
Spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers. From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. Seemingly earning himself a reputation as the most popular artist on vinyl, Gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format, with Oasis’s 1995 offering (What’s the Story) Morning Glory?. Perhaps proof that good music is timeless, classic releases by Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd and David Bowie have all also landed among the current top tens.
Healthy living: Curtis Stone and his actress wife Lindsay Price have two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months . ‘I don't want him to have all the nitrates and c*** that's in a hot dog. Stone's new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life contains photos of him cooking and gardening with wife Lindsay throughout the book .
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his 'millennium camera' The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment . Above, he explains his project at Amherst College .
The department store, which stocks top end  Australian labels including Alex Perry, Toni Maticevski, Lisa Ho as well as international labels  Balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen, will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store. Shoppers heaven: Myer has mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes, accessories and clothes .
Recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year, the video, created by YouTube channel Cut, sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on, according to officials in the city of 100,000 people. Burrus said Sheppard notified pilots of the closure.
Michael Rapiejko (above) was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . This as Rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect (above) in his police vehicle . Rapiejko, a Cross Fit devotee, calls himself Robocop.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire that will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season. Bell signed his first contract with Warwickshire in 1999 after progressing through the youth ranks from the Under-11 team. He has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches.
The worry for Virgil van Dijk is obvious. The Celtic defender made it into two squads last year. Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer,  who made his debut for Belgium against Israel .
(CNN)Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie Downey was there to promote. The actor has agreed to an interview as part of his job.
Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church and addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon. Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Crystal Palace midfielder Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during his side's 2-1 over Manchester City. A steward at  Selhurst Park picks up the MAOAM after the sweet was aimed at Puncheon .
Peter Moore (above), from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, received a letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week telling him he had died . The 47-year-old pottery factory worker, from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, yesterday demanded an apology from the Government.
Back to school: Eagle-eyed viewers spotted Charlie Stayt's embarrassing spelling error during a live broadcast . The presenter left out the letter 'c' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning .
New York  (CNN)New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said. The NYPD bomb squad on Friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty, a law enforcement official said. Approximately 3.5 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year.
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson revealed why he rates Cristiano Ronaldo above Lionel Messi while speaking to John Parrott over a frame of snooker. The 73-year-old revealed how he 'battered' Paul Ince at snooker before his former player blamed his wife .
The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday and the focus will be on Rory McIlroy as the Northern Irishman bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam. Group 16, 10:41am: Phil Mickelson, Rory McIlroy, Ryan Moore . Group 32, 1:48pm: Tiger Woods, Jamie Donaldson, Jimmy Walker .
The Bavarians, chasing three titles this season, are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba among others for the quarter-final, first leg in Portugal. Bayern Munich striker Thomas Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles . Bayern beat Dortmund in the Bundesliga before edging past Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on penalties and looked unaffected by the absences. April 15 Porto (A) Champions League Quarter-final, first leg .
The 15-year-old girl, named locally as Leah Price from the Nottingham area, was airlifted to hospital last night from the Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey, North Yorkshire. Her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services . The force confirmed this morning that the girl was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary with head injuries and police say she is in a critical but stable condition.
The health watchdog that damned the NHS's first privately run hospital ignored a spot check by its own inspectors that found huge improvements in standards. But today the watchdog will upgrade this to 'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died after he and a colleague got into difficulties battling a fire started at Paul's Hair World in Manchester's Northern Quarter on July 13, 2013 . After more than a year of legal wrangling, with scientists initially stating that the fire could not have been started accidentally, further investigation led to the conclusion a discarded cigarette could have been the cause.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door . Mr Wittstock was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival, reported 9news. He also posted several pictures of himself in February in the air with his new paramotor. The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over Mr Wittstock's accident, with some unsure whether the footage they had seen on the news was his glider.
With four rounds of matches remaining, just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey, meaning, theoretically, that any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions. The top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League, while the team in third make the CAF Confederation Cup, Africa's equivalent of the Europa League.
Labour candidate Tulip Siddiq (left) was last night accused of failing to tell voters that she met Vladimir Putin (right) in Moscow two years ago .
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government, according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney. McVeigh was executed by injection in 2001 at age 33. Co-conspirator Terry Nichols was convicted separately and sentenced to life in prison.
Beijing (CNN)China's state prosecutors on Friday formally charged the country's former security czar with accepting bribes, making him the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. Zhou Yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, the highest prosecution authority in China, said.
The appropriately named Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work. When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose, only moving from the affected area when Mr Doggett gives them a special signal.
The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign, and this will mark the star's first brand collaboration. And the international campaign launched with a TV advertising campaign, featuring the singer's latest single, Mirror Man.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed 50 years ago . But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S .
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal. His case is estimated to have cost British taxpayers a six-figure sum, including the cost of police time, legal fees racked up by challenging his claims in the courts and the costs of keeping him in prison.
Red carpet winners: The stylists behind Aussie stars' including Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie have all made the top 10 in Hollywood Reporter's Power Stylists lists . 6.ELIZABETH STEWART . CRISTINA EHRLICH . JEANANN WILLIAMS .
Former primary school teacher Mary Cowan, 92, has generously stated in her will that £700,000 of her £2million fortune should be left to charity groups . Blind Veterans UK . The Salvation Army . Alzheimer Scotland .
But who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in Georgia over the next four days? Here, Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS.
These amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier. Mr Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes . The incredible lights are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below .
The England cricket team's involvement with  Allen Stanford  has been defended by  Sir Curtly Ambrose . He did a lot of good. Director of cricket hopeful Michael Vaughan is staying at England's luxury Sugar Ridge Hotel in Antigua . Stuart Lancaster seems unperturbed by criticism that he's been talking the talk, not walking the walk . The Grand National peak viewing figure of 8.8million proved Channel 4 got their coverage right . Graeme Swann (left) and Kevin Pietersen (centre) worked  together for Test Match Special after their feud .
Domenico Rancadore, who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. He was convicted for his role as a 'man of honour', taking bribes from builders in Palermo. Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Clearly baffled and obviously just the tiniest bit irked, Alan Stubbs simply didn’t know what to make of Peter Houston. Back-track or snap right back at him? But I will take his comments on board. ‘On Saturday, I felt momentum building.
The naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in India after becoming victims of a suspected honour killing. Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk, while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Reality star 'Mama' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children, reports TMZ.
The spacious five bedroom home, based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years, offers 3,054 sq. Homes along Ennismore Gardens have a long history, built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of Kingston House, a Palladian mansion dating back to the 18th Century, belonging to Elizabeth Chudleigh, Duchess of Kingston. The flat is now available to rent through Tunstall Property at £10,500 a week - or £546,000 a year.
Now American 28-year-old Scott Keyes has revealed his savvy secrets so you too can explore the world without falling into the ticket traps. The Think Progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights, and spoke to MailOnline Travel about his top tips. The writer makes a point of putting all everyday spending on credit cards in order to hit these spending thresholds. Enjoying the view!
Despite his infidelity, Haley and Kev Mulholland still share a house in Bristol, though Mr Mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa. The mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband, she does not want any other woman to have him either.
Environmental mission: Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated, private 104-acre Belizean island, in 2005 for $1.75 million, and now plans to build a luxury eco-resort there. 'It will change the world': The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area. It is set to open in 2018 . The Times reports that the plan is to build 68 resort villas and 48 private house.
GE spokeswoman Kim Freeman said there are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day. GE makes a range of appliances at the facility, including washing machines, dryers, dish washers, refrigerators and water heaters. Residents around the facility were told to stay in a room with the fewest possible windows and shut off ventilation from outside . Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer gave a press conference Friday morning where officials said that hydrochloric acid particles were detected in the smoke near the building, but not in the downwind plume . The building reportedly collapsed at 8.30am.
Risqué business: Ceara Lynch, 28, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online; her first pair sold for $70 . 'I make most of my money from videos,' she says, adding that custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site. 'I do enjoy my work, I think it’s really fun and I get a kick out of it ...
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan, where it draws vast and fascinated crowds. The animal is captured by fishermen during the annual dolphin hunt in the town of Taiji in January last year . Researchers at the museum, who claim they are keeping the dolphin in good health for research purposes, published a study about the animal in March .
However, one Florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door. They say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back. Bull sharks, along with great whites and tiger sharks, are generally considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world, and among the most likely to attack humans.
Julen Lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten Champions League campaign for Porto this season . Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final . Lopetegui gives instructions to Brazilian right back Danilo at the Dragao Stadium last week .
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England by the bitter memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career. Jimmy Anderson takes part in an England practice session on Saturday ahead of his 100th Test on Monday .
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious. Impact: She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head . Response: Following a 22-minute delay in the game, the woman was taken to hospital on a stretcher.
Picture perfect: 18-year-old Syracuse painting student LaNia Roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally . The artist: LaNia specializes in self-portraits, which she began painting in high school . Earlier this month, LaNia gave a moving motivational speech titled 'Love Yourself Unconditionally', during which the Louisville native LaNia recounted her journey to self-acceptance and eagerly shared the lessons she has learned.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device. 'We look at things like the accounts and conversations that are popular among people you follow, tweets from people you're closely tied to, topics and events that are trending in your area or within your network, and people that are popular or trending among people you follow,' Luk said.
Paul Gambaccini blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . The Chart Show has become an extension of its presenter's personality rather than an objective programme.'
Zara Phillips has had to pull out of the Kentucky three-day event after High Kingdom suffered an injury . PHillips, The Queen's granddaughter, was due to make her Kentucky debut, but will now miss out .
That's the trending question on social media, thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
Ronny Deila will take his Celtic side to Hampden Park for the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday . The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with . At the heart of the problem is the growing fury of fans at being messed around with late changes to kick-off dates and times to facilitate broadcasters offering Scottish football a tiny fraction of the billions paid to English clubs.
Not only did P!nk's response rally her fans, but they also started sharing their own photos of themselves post-pregnancy and embracing what P!nk tells her daughter is her "squishiness."
Super-fight: The 38-year-old boxer (pictured) is expected to earn around £120million for his upcoming bout against Manny Pacquiao . Rapper Yo Gotti's song blares over the footage of Mayweather's opulent life and essentially lists his many expensive possessions which include: 'Big crib, ten cars, twenty acres.' The video then cuts to rows of luxurious Rolex watches adorned with jewels and Mayweather standing proudly in front of his Las Vegas mansion.
A Perth couple who have been trying for over seven years to have a child may finally get that chance thanks to a crowdsourced egg donor. Perth couple Sharon (left) and Nick Chalwell (right) turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor . Waiting lists are long and women can sit on them for years to no avail.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. No boys in my yard: Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .
Britain's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new Conservative peer, who will appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election. Dr Altmann will oversee the Government’s pension reforms, which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than being forced into buying often poor-value annuities.
The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal. Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam .
KERO-TV reports 23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face.
A motorist in China who was driving to visit his mother saw an injured woman lying by the side of a motorway but decided stopping to help would be too much inconvenience. Mr Zhang told local media that he didn't want to stop for the elderly victim because of the trouble it might cause him.
Yet the Duchess of Cambridge has been dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood. The author said Kate (pictured right) hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of Princess Diana (left) Miss Atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers.
Daley Blind played his part in Manchester United's 4-2 derby win over City on Sunday . We have to watch for our own games, we have to look at ourselves. Blind has urged Manchester United to focus on their next Premier League match against Chelsea .
Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide, ranking seventh with $1.152 billion. The film will almost certainly race past Iron Man 3 and Frozen to join the top five all-time at the worldwide box office before the month is out.
(CNN)Indiana Gov. Pence issued an order in March for Scott County, which then had 79 confirmed cases of HIV since mid-December. Most notably, a temporary needle exchange program that began April 4.
That is when the friend clocked the man, leaving him out cold on the side of the highway. Tommy Solis (above) was driving by and filmed the incident, eventually getting out of his car to try and stop the fighting . The man refused to stop and got in the face of Solis' friend (left), who clocked him and left him passed out cold on the side of the road (right) He added in an interview with NBC 11; 'He said, "Nice shot," which was hilarious, hilarious.
David Villa posted this snap of his Instagram of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York .
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer. She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft. interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota . Smith (above) will undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy after the NFL draft .
West Ham . Striker Andy Carroll (knee) remains sidelined, along with Canada defender Doneil Henry (hamstring). Stoke defender Marc Wilson is available for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to West Ham despite a broken hand. Striker Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention.
Every adult in Britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in the Green manifesto – but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement.
The supermarket beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to achieve the title of Britain's Best Breakfast. It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards (MIDAS) for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction. Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants, pubs and hotels nationwide to name Morrisons the winner .
25 per cent of Gen Y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases, well above other age groups. 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending, versus 14 per cent of men .
Wolfsburg, second in the Bundesliga, spurned a host of chances with Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle wasteful. The Wolfsburg players celebrate in the dressing room after reaching the German Cup semi finals .
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school and called 'Fatty Bum Bum' (left). She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six (right). Miss Harris says her 'dream body' is actually a nightmare as she cannot eat and vomits daily .
Commuters are now able to make phone calls and send texts on the Tube following the launch of new technology enabling phone calls via an internet connection.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Officials determined at least four drank milkshakes that contained Blue Bell ice cream. Three of the patients later died. The disease primarily affects pregnant women, newborns, older adults and people with weakened immune systems.
According to her sister, Gillian Owens, the politician was prone to hacking the hair of from dolls as a child. #dollgate.' Nicola was into sitting reading. She was a very strong-minded wee girl.' Laying a wreath a Scottish memorial site instead she later attended an SNP women's rally in Glasgow City Centre.
Al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture -- the "King of Clubs" in a deck of playing cards used by American troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials. The U.S. military is aware of the media reports but doesn't have further information to evaluate them, said Col. Patrick Ryder, spokesman for U.S. Central Command.
Pietro Boselli, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, says that he originally tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the University College London (UCL) where he taught for fear they might 'look down on him'. Pietro says he trains once or twice a day to keep fit and is proud to show of his amazing body .
Scott Wood, an attorney who represents Bates, said the shooting was an "excusable homicide." Daniel Smolen, an attorney representing the Harris family, said Bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time. This is simply evil," Andre Harris told reporters Monday. "Well, we've come to expose it.
The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, an organization that works to build interfaith understanding and support for Israel, has brought 600 Jews to Israel since December, Margolin among them.
While Richie Benaud rose from the suburbs to captain Australia, he will be remembered forever for his mastery of commentating. The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the Voice of Cricket.' 84-year-old cricket commentator Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . 'Top shot that.'
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th. Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market, with Neil Taylor and Bakary Sako two players on Pulis' shopping list, and discussions with Peace will follow confirmed survival.
History buffs around the world will now be able to access a rarely-seen Napoleonic fort for the first time. Currently, the fort on St Catherine's Island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide .
Philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting  which, thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features, can be moved wherever you want in your home. The bowl-shaped lamp uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see .
Mr Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent, according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI . The Greens have pushed Clegg's Liberal Democrats into a humiliating fifth place, down one point to seven.
It's good to be Taylor Swift — and for 21-year-old Elizabeth Scarborough, it's good to look like Taylor Swift, too, particularly as the University of South Carolina student has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer. Flattering immitation: Elizabeth started to learn to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star .
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road. A track has already been constructed in Northampton to test the capsules with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences.
While checking out headliners such as AC/DC, Jack White, Florence and the Machine and Madonna, who bizarrely made out with rapper Drake on Sunday, Coachella visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to Travel money specialist No.1 Currency. Exit festival in the surrounds of the Petrovaradin Fortress in the city of Novi Sad, Serbia, is the best value .
In Aintree's crowded unsaddling area, the former England captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number '3', with his wife, Zara Phillips, scampering in hot pursuit. Former England rugby captain Mike Tindall and wife Zara Philipps at Aintree ahead of the Grand National . Tindall celebrates after watching his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the National .
Fashion conscious Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, the court heard. Farier admitted stealing of £15,336 from her employer between October 2012 and February 2013 and converting criminal property between January 2013 and February 2014. Judge John Burgess said Farier had told the probation service that she thought 'it was too easy'.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting a youngster at the UK Islamic Mission Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. It's alleged was allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in his studies, including not reciting the Koran correctly during religious lessons at the mosque in Sparkbrook .
Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium in a U21 Premier League clash. Abou Diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade but played last week in a friendly .
Trimuph: Dawn Williamson (centre), 39, was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on TV today by therapists Nik and Eva Speakman in an astonishing ten minutes . Lifelong phobia: Dawn had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched B-movie Venom when she was seven years old . Therapy: When presented with a tray of plastic snakes (pictured) she shook with fear and broke down in tears . Irrational?
William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change. Mr McGrady said that their 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle. Good even accuses the cop of bullying her on the way to the station and says he accused her of having a controlled substance, which turned out be be Advil.
As a sequel of sorts to the Diane Sawyer 20/20 special, TV viewers will be able to follow Bruce Jenner's journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27. Brandon and his brothers: 'They urged Bruce not to do other interviews, and finish the process in private,' it was noted .
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas. After the terrifying hold-up, the pirates pushed the sailboat to the shoreline of a remote beach in Jeanette Kawas National Park, cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded.
Macau has 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, The Venetian . we headed over to the Macau Tower, which has the world’s highest bungee jump. The island of Coloane, meanwhile, has green hills, small villages and a peaceful coastline.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges, but there have already been some notable legal battles in the run-up to the actual trial.
Reaching out: Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan last month, which has spread to classrooms across the nation via Twitter . Hoping to learn more about her students' personal struggles, Schwartz asked them to answer the qestion 'I wish my teacher knew...' on a piece of paper and turn it in to her anonymously or share it with the class. Busy parents: Schwartz shared many of these notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson themselves and posting their own results online .
Private Islands and castles . Getmyboat.com is the Airbnb of the yacht world. It can be yours for £125 ($187) per person per day. Rent a Aston Martin DB9 from £423 a day, a Jaguar F-Type S 5.0 V8 for £295 or a Porsche Boxster S for as little as £175 a day.
More than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at New York City's Library Hotel . Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . Rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science, with rooms themed on topics such as astronomy, dinosaurs and botany .
Ellen White spins on the edge of the box and fires the free kick into the corner against her former club . However, White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0, before Arsenal hit back to equalise late on and rescue a point.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon. The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran, with talks between top U.S. and Iranian diplomats at a United Nations conference in New York and an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical American lawmakers and constituencies in Washington. Republican presidential candidates are lining up to oppose any deal with a government the U.S. considers the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism and to show their support for Israel. But even as the legislation moves forward, House Speaker John Boehner privately acknowledged to a gathering of the Republican Jewish Coalition over the weekend that his party doesn't command enough votes to override a presidential veto of any resolution disapproving of an Iran deal, BloombergView reported.
At a size 34B, Annabel Cole (pictured without the bra)  has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery, so she decided to put 'the boob-job bra' through its paces .
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign . on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal. Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida. The implication is that Fiorina is that woman.
Back to work: The Large Hadron Collider is operating again after two years being upgraded . The re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks thanks to a short circuit in the system, but this morning it started operating again at last. As well as dark matter, the team is hoping to discover more Higgs bosons and other 'exotic particles' which have never been detected before.
Harry Dowd (third from right) celebrates after Manchester City win the FA Cup at Wembley in 1969 . Dowd was a talented goalkeeper who continued working as a plumber throughout his professional career .
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. Royal baby? The betting public believe the latest addition to the royal family will arrive on Wednesday - the couple's fourth wedding anniversary - or Thursday next week with odds of 4/1.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict. Flemmi testified at Bulger's murder trial in 2013 that he delivered Davis to Bulger to be killed.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot  as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am, said Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn. Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles III in connection to the killing 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles. Brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van, authorities said. Brown Jr, a father of four, was struck in the head by a bullet and died at the scene near a park on Milwaukee's near northwest side before officers arrived.
They focused on the derby clash, which ended 0-0 thanks to an inspiring display from Atletico keeper Jan Oblak. Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico, while Barcelona prepare for their European tie with PSG . The Italian papers focus on Juventus' important victory over Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final . Over in Italy, Wednesday's newspapers are screaming the name of Arturo Vidal, who scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage over opponents Monaco.
The Sleep Health Foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. According to Chair Professor David Hillman, those misplaced hours of sleep must be paid back in order to be functional for the entire week. If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in .
And like Cheryl and Ashley their romance has been dogged with cheating allegations, almost from the start. Zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions, the first was by Courtney Webb (left), the most recent was Swedish model Martina Olsson . For Cheryl, who is now re-married, the cheating rumours eventually became too much and she ended her marriage to Ashley in 2010.
A man vying to become the next Kentucky governor has legally changed his name to Gatewood Galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes. The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave.'
Valencia had fired into the air, and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer's unusual tactic. Valencia took the gun and ammo and fled into a nearby business park where he encountered an officer in a slow-moving patrol car. Marana police on Thursday said the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered.
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. Florian Seidel, a Kensai-based photographer, visited the site in 2014 to capture the park's ongoing dereliction .
Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals as the San Antonio Spurs rolled past Golden State 107-92 on Sunday, ending the Warriors' 12-game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight. Paul George (right) returned from injury for Indiana as they beat Miami 112-89 to revive their play-off hopes .
Madrid-based papers Marca (left) and AS are looking ahead to the Champions League quarter-final first leg . Sergio Ramos (centre) scored an injury-time equaliser for Real as they beat Atletico 4-1 aet in the Champions League final last season at Benfica's Stadium of Light in Lisbon . However, Atletico are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term and dumped Real out of the Copa del Rey .
Jeff Williams (centre) has agreed a deal to with Aviva Premiership side Bath at the end of the season . Williams is an England Sevens international and has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit .
On the market for an enormous $15 million, this property is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront. It was designed by architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014 . The property boasts six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house .
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal . The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them . As for Intel's reported purchase of Altera, that still has yet to happen.
Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch on May 11 . Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title when they face their nearest challengers on May 11 .
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20. Stephen Colbert will take over the "Late Show" on September 8.
And Finn kept his job as bishop, even after his 2012 conviction. "There's a recognition of that ... from Pope Francis." Anne Doyle, from the watchdog group that documents the Catholic church's abuse crisis, called Finn's removal "a good step but just the beginning."
A 16-year-old filmed throwing a kitten against a door and flushing it in the toilet has been banned from keeping animals for ten years after it had to be put down because of the abuse it suffered. He claimed he was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - and was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred. Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater. 'He states the cat was locked in the bathroom 24/7 and rarely got fed.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. 'Instead of deterring Mr. Muller from future dangerous acts of road rage, the police ensured that he can continue to use his car as a weapon with impunity,' said Corrales’ lawyer Leo Glickman.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice, but is now the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice. In some areas of China, the hiring of professional mourners, known as "kusangren" is commonplace. The Ministry's report said that stripteases undermined "the cultural value of the entertainment business," and asserted that "such acts were uncivilized."
Before reporting for duty, the 30-year-old prince visited the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, the capital, paying his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier.
The British taekwondo star has been granted citizenship by Moldova and plans to fight for them in Rio 2016 . However, the British Olympic Association could yet block the move and Sportsmail understands it is still in talks over the matter.
The 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside. He was already on the run for the murders of David Short, 46, and son Mark, 23, when he killed the two policewomen after luring them to a house with a fake 999 call before shooting them 32 times on the doorstep and then throwing a grenade at them. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone (left) and Nicola Hughes (right) in 2012 .
There was shouting and cursing. That was true in Miami in 1980 after the acquittal of the police officers.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan (pictured together left) picked up a rare purple Beanie Baby for £10 at a car boot sale in Bude, Cornwall - and later found out it was worth £62,500 . The range was created in December 1997 - the year the princess died - to raise money for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust.
An alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as Oprah Winfrey, executives from her TV network, former Obama aide Reggie Love and Madonna's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs, clothes, free food and jewelry worth $2.4million. Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love - the college basketball star who went on to be the President's personal assistant. Angel Agarrat, left, is also named in a Florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people . When he got the items, he reportedly sold them to another jeweler and fled.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. Mr Carr, pictured, is just hours away from completing his trip in a record time beating the previous holder . Mr Carr, pictured, is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in Rochdale, Manchester. Rescue: Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and although it wasn't a police matter, he wanted to help the terrified family and used a pillowcase to capture it . Escape: The officer believes the snake may be a family pet that has escaped or been discarded and could have got into the house through an open door or window in the recent warm weather .
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days. The Child Marriage Restraint Act, passed in India during British rule in 1929, specified that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18 . I hope they do because I really can't understand what is stopping them. I have held talks with both Nonito Donaire, the Filipino sensation, and Kiko Martinez. Anthony Joshua marches on. I am looking to get him out again on May 9 in Birmingham and should have more information on that soon.
The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world, chubby-cheeked, curious, mischievous, and playful, all captured in his up-close-and-personal signature style. The technique was pioneered in the late '60s by Harvey Barnett, who at 18 became determined to teach infants to swim after the drowning of a neighbor's child. Diver: Casteel shot photos of more than 750 babies across ten states including this 11-month old named Colton .
Barry Bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
Today's Survation poll found that more than a third of English voters would not regard a Miliband administration propped up by the SNP as 'legitimate'. But he warned: 'There are 11 days left to save the economy, to save jobs, effectively to save Britain.'
Jeremy Peace, the West Bromwich Albion chairman, will only sell the club to a buyer who will invest money on and off the pitch. Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by July, and Pulis would want immediate talks with any new chairman over his position.
A Huddersfield Town fan will no longer be a mascot for Reading in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal . 'Following Ryan’s interview in the local media, and with agreement from his family, it was decided to move his prize over to an England mascot place later this year,' an FA spokesman is quoted as saying in getreading.
Drugs charges: Liam Linford Oliver-Christie (pictured outside Isleworth Crown Court today) was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in West Kensington, west London, in September 2013 . When officers burst into his home - on a road with an average property value of nearly £600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his raised ground floor flat.
(CNN)If there's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around China for 460 days, it's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip. Arriving in the southern city of Shenzhen, in southern Guandong province, Wang locked up his trusty mountain bike, loaded with panniers, to check out electronics markets in the city's Huaqiangbei area.
Cook and Trott (2009-15) — 10 . Remarkably, their opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years — since March 2013 when Cook and Nick Compton scored an impressive 231 against New Zealand in Dunedin. West indies bowler Shannon Gabriel kept England's batsmen on their toes with speeds reaching 94.3mph .
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo for Barcelona after recovering from a foot injury . Celta Vigo forward Nolito has declared that Messi should head to the beach rather than playing his team .
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election. The election came just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials, employees and police . The town that drew only 12.3 percent of registered voters last April had 29.4 percent turnout Tuesday, according to the St. Louis County Board of Elections.
Just two weeks before the bout, tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale, with the two camps and the MGM Grand locked in a stand-off over allotments. When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: 'Police arrested a 33-year-old male and a 31-year-old woman on April 7 on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods. Dossena signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient back in November . Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods in Knightsbridge on Tuesday .
Taya Kyle told ABC's Robin Roberts she gathered her son, Colton and daughter, McKenna and prepared to tell them. The jury decided he was guilty of murder and knew what he was doing . Taya has also written a new book, 'American Wife: A Memoir of Love, War, Faith and Renewal' which will go into detail about her marriage and the aftermath of Chris's death. American Sniper: Eddie Ray Routh shot Chris Kyle dead in February of 2013.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insists his side must splash the cash in the summer . Man City are currently fourth in the Premier League . It is important to have big names.' Given the general disappointments of last summer's principle signings - Fernando, Bacary Sagna and Eliaquim Mangala - Pellegrini's words could be perceived as a plea for more cash.
Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Richards' name. Four wickets in the game would take Anderson past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets .
A filthy pub where 24 customers were struck down with food poisoning was found with mouse droppings on the floor and rotting meat in the kitchen. Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton last year after two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday. A dirty bucket at The Sutton Arms, in  Elton, which has admitted a string of food hygiene offences .
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, who was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire after suffering an epileptic fit . Another friend pays tribute to the A-level student.
The claims of referee Steven McLean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball by Inverness player Josh Meekings which denied Celtic a penalty, a red card, possibly even a crack at the Treble, struck many at Parkhead as dubious. Celtic centre back Virgil van Dijk leaves field following his side's 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final . A greater lapse on a wider scale than the red card he received from Slovakian official Ivan Kruzliak in the last 32 of the Champions League in February; a decision he described at the time as the worst he had experienced.
Missing: Pekingese dogs Marley and Mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their home in Doncaster, South Yorkshire . The theft has been reported to the police and the pairs owners are offering a £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return .
The BT Sport Industry Awards  take place in Battersea on Thursday, with AP McCoy, England midfielder Jack Wilshere and Southampton duo Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.
Fired: Stephen Hogger, pictured, was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures . Quiet: The 14th century Suffolk church will now be without a choir for the first time in 200 years .
One in five Chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption, a charity claims.
Emergency exit: Barrientos used the emergency exit at this Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying a fare for her trip just hours after leaving the court . Barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set. One of the men 38-year-old Lianna Barrientos wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force. She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. Her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010 . The Department of Homeland Security was 'involved' in Barrientos' case, the Bronx district attorney's office revealed to the Times.
The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell, sources said. He is hoping to be transferred from the Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside, the Daily Star Sunday reported.
The mailman who landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws has returned home. House arrest: Doug Hughes, 61, is home in Ruskin, Florida, for his house arrest as he awaits his court date . Earlier this week, following the stunt on Wednesday, Mrs Hughes defended her husband as a 'patriot'. However, Mr Hughes, who is charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft, was asked by the Associated Press if he defined himself as a patriot: he said, 'no I'm a mailman.'
Labour's plans to change rules allowing wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills is causing London property deals to fall through and homeowners to sell up, estate agents have claimed. Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas.
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . April 9 - Northern Ireland 1-8 Norway . Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . 'Due to an incorrect application of the game's laws by the match referee, UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty.
Manchester United had four different scorers On Sunday. Juan Mata celebrates after scoring against Manchester City, and he is part of Louis van Gaal's 'fab four' Ashley Young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of Van Gaal's plans . James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend . QPR were unlucky to lose against Chelsea but I’ve got a feeling one of the promoted teams will survive . LENNON LOOKING HAPPY AGAIN . Francis Coquelin and Harry Kane have been the two breakthrough players of the year and in positions where their clubs needed reinforcements. Plenty of footballers fancy themselves as golfers but these guys show just how dedicated you must be to be the best.
Graziano Pelle celebrates after giving Italy the lead against England at Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . Pelle has not scored in the Premier League for Southampton since December .
The sheriff who had former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said Tuesday that he's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
The struggling Barclays Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up — goalkeeper Joe Hart has often been the only one this season — and Liverpool’s Henderson and Arsenal’s Wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets. Manchester City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled forward Raheem Sterling .
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. The victim also revealed that she has not even told her family back in Ireland about her ordeal and made the 16 hour journey to New York to give evidence on her own, apparently lying to explain why she was in the US. Lee, 38, who is married, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted. The victim said: 'I tried to bite him but I couldn't. He told me to shut the f*** up. He pulled up my dress and pulled down my underwear.
The Milan Derby used to be Italian football’s biggest attraction. Inter Milan pose for a team photo ahead of their Champions League quarter-final against AC Milan in 2005 . While the rivalry remains as strong from those clashes a decade ago, the current crop of talent at both clubs does not. Kaka, a former world player of the year, celebrates after scoring against rivals Inter 10 years ago .
(CNN)"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star and former child actress Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal . The Prince is in Australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans . I know you’re young, but selfies are bad. Harry is in the last few weeks of his service before leaving the Army in June. Prince Harry signs the visitors' book at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra .
Portland Timbers' Dairon Asprilla celebrates with teammate Alvas Powell after scoring against New York City . New England extended its undefeated streak to five games.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen. The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Maickel Melamed, 39, crossed the Boston Marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . Melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning . Melamed walked the race with Vamos, a volunteer team from Caracas, as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am Tuesday morning.
The quaint capital city put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . Wellington’s iconic and bohemian Cuba Street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities .
That painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza. But unaware that Banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds, Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just £100. But having been told of its true value, Mr Dardouna is now demanding the decorated door is returned.
She might be celebrating her 75th birthday today, but an overjoyed Queen Margrethe of Denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace. The Danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. The moment came on the second day of Margrethe's birthday celebrations which began last night with a gala dinner at the Christiansborg Palace and continued with a procession this morning.
Pippa Middleton looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London on Thursday . Pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer .
Lose and Liverpool will be nine points behind Arsene Wenger’s side. He will want to continue that run on Saturday. Germany World Cup-winner Per Mertesacker (right) is expected line-up in defence for Arsenal . These are the midfield marathon men and whoever wins this battle in the engine room should end up on the winning side.
Sam Allardyce has revealed the reason behind his furious rant at fourth official Robert Madley towards the end of West Ham’s defeat at Manchester City on Sunday. The Hammers boss also screams at the linesman during the 2-0 loss to Manchester City . Allardyce was aggrieved because a foul by Eliaquim Mangala on Stewart Downing (not pictured) was missed .
The officer who shot Scott, Michael Slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force. Mario Givens, the man who accused Slager of excessive force in 2013, told the AP that Slager woke him before dawn by loudly banging on his front door, and saying 'Come outside or I'll tase you!'
The social media reaction? Many folks seemed to be more intrigued by Jenner's announcement that he's Republican than him coming out as a woman.
A breakthrough has been made in the development of clean hydrogen power, scientists claim. But the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water, meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels. Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. The team are in discussions with a number of energy companies about utilising this technology on a large scale and hope the breakthrough marks the start of contributing to providing the world with more sustainable fuels.
Her refusal to shake hands with Romanian opponent Alexandra Dulgheru turned out to be the precursor of a dreadful few days for the world no 7. Bouchard reached last year’s Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova .
Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season as goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed a 2-0 win over Hearts and allowed them to collect a valuable three points in the push for second place in the Championship.
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree . The 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and personal details about himself . The hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo. The director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter, who has Down syndrome.
(CNN)Bobbi Kristina Brown, the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston, has "global and irreversible brain damage," according to her grandmother. "We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time."
Jamie Carragher jetted out to Spain to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s . The tournament is now in its 15th year and both Philippe Coutinho and Lucas played in the tournament in the past as well as other big names, including Lionel Messi, Cesc Fabregas, Neymar, Geard Pique, Oscar and Juan Mata.
They have long claimed to be the only genuine political party – fighting the manipulated PR of the main Westminster parties. But Ukip’s reputation for telling it straight was left in tatters this morning after the party’s deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph to make him look more educated – in front of a photoshopped library clutching a picture book. The books behind Mr Nuttall were clearly photoshopped, appearing in mirror image next to each other .
There were scenes of jubilation in the Dutch city of Dordrecht today, as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome King Willem-Alexander and his glamorous wife Maxima today. The visit, which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal, was part of Willem-Alexander's 48th birthday celebrations. Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital Amsterdam or in one of the country's major cities.
A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers . Once finished it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi and installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in Glendale, California.
In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy allegedly had sex with a 17-year-old student at his house before school. According to WTSP, Blankenship was detained at her home in Tampa, Florida, on Friday night.
One source at a leading software company told The Mail on Sunday: 'De Grey has tapped a rich vein in Silicon Valley. De Grey was raised in Chelsea by his artist mother Cordelia, who left him £11 million when she died in 2011 – £9 million of which he has invested in his company. 'Ageing is a disease that can and should be cured,' he says.
But who else makes the top 10? Ospina has the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances . The Arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league since displacing Wojciech Szczesny . Gerard Pique made 12 Premier League appearances for Manchester United, winning 10 of them .
A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side, who appeared to be hanging on after their Good Friday exertions. Fetuli Talanoa (left) celebrates scoring against St Helens as Hull recorded a shock victory .
Brave Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia - which means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. Finley defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now enjoys walking the two miles to school .
In return, they can ask for $20 million per film. Sandra Bullock . Leonardo DiCaprio . Matt Damon . Robert Downey Jr. Angelina Jolie . Denzel Washington .
The La Liga title race is back on after Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla, letting Real Madrid in and just two points off in second. As the Champions League race hots up, rivals Lazio and Roma are locked in a battle for automatic qualification and both play on Sunday, with just one point separating the pair.
Rousey told retired wrestling legend Roddy Piper's Piper Pit podcast that 'there's nothing like' WWE but she is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia. Rousey was a hot with fans at Wrestlemania 31 but her focus for now is on her fight against Bethe Correia . UFC women's bantamweight champion Rousey appeared with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock .
The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea and his current deal runs out in 2016.
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year, and have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State .
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona.
Islamic State fighters ambushed an Iraqi army convoy of Humvees with a bulldozer packed with explosives, killing a commander and three of his soldiers, military officials have confirmed. A suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire, killing the Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, the commander of the Iraqi first division, a member of the division and an intelligence officer said.
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea after being ruled out for the season. Hughes has been given licence to spend this summer with players including Moses, Manchester United forward Javier Hernandez and Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole on his wishlist.
(CNN)Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning, but everyone on board was safely evacuated. Hillary Scott, co-lead singer for the band, posted a photo of the charred bus on Instagram and noted that she, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City . For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . Then they managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
Dortmund XI vs Bayern Munich: Weidenfeller; Sokratis, Subotic, Hummels, Schmelzer; Gundogan, Bender; Błaszczykowski, Reus, Kampl; Aubameyang . Bayern Munich XI vs Dortmund: Neuer; Dante, Boateng, Benatia; Rafinha, Alonso, Bernat, Lahm, Schweinsteiger, Muller; Lewandowski .
He is Jack Black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him. The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Cruelty really provides us a lens into the worst of the worst of the worst. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was the lesser of two evils, the defense will insist over and over. But they must be unanimous for death; a lopsided but divided jury would result in a life sentence.
While the BBC claimed the plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence', Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. A judge has ruled the controversial number plate that led to Jeremy Clarkson and his Top Gear colleagues being thrown out of Argentina was a deliberate reference to the 1982 Falklands War .
Third-placed Manchester United have have the highest wage bill at £215.8m, based on last season's figures . QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers (pictured left as a young schoolgirl and right aged 15) after she disappeared from her family home in Blackpool, Lancashire, in August 2007 . Paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home and, despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from TV chat show host Jeremy Kyle, no trace of her has ever been found. Dewhurst, of Blackpool, denies sexual penetration of a corpse and assisting an offender in disposing of a body.
A new vaccine to stimulate the body's immune system could offer a cure for HIV. Researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick', allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal. If true, the woman - held in detention pending a decision on any charges - faces up to seven years in jail.
The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. They were rushed to St Vincent's Hospital. On Friday afternoon, about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end. Police say they discovered cocaine, marijuana and MDMA before the boat left the wharf .
(CNN)For five decades, Bikram Choudhury built an empire. He said he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie. He cries as he describes how his wife has responded to the allegations against him.
Jeremy Clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked from the BBC, saying the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded. He also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job when he spotted an opening for the charity auction.
Too young: Blake Cronkhite, 5 (left), and Jayden Secrest, 3 (right), drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into large pond in Northern California . Crash: The boys were riding this kid-size 50cc ATV, with Blake at the wheel and Jayden on the back . Watery grave: the 5-year-old lost control of the vehicle and the ATV plunged into this large pond .
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, engineers build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts. And pilots fly with the Typhoon Striker helmet. It also lets pilots 'see' enemy aircraft through the body of the plane.
With millions of video views on the internet Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the Shimada Cigarette Shop from afar. One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views. Shiba can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter .
Common dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south, leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north. Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in  Premier League history . Mourinho (left) beats Rafa Benitez in the clean sheets record and average of goals conceded . From his 133 games at Manchester City, Roberto Mancini edged out Sir Alex Ferguson by 0.1 per cent.
Ronny Deila was angry at the referee's decision to now send off Josh Meekings and award his side a penalty . Craig Gordon (left) was rightly sent off by the referee for fouling Marley Watkins when he went through .
Paris Saint-Germain birthday boy Zoumana Camara poses with a cake at their training ground on Friday . But the French defender soon had the cake all over his face thanks to jokers David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi . Lavezzi was also involved in the prank ahead of PSG's trip to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday .
Police are hunting two schoolboys who doused a fellow 12-year-old pupil in highly flammable WD40 in an underpass before threatening to set him alight . The victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.
Across the globe, more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. It showed two fifths of them are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV, and feel that TV junk food adverts make it difficult to help their children eat a healthy diet. Take Coca-Cola's sponsorship of the London Eye.
(CNN)Pope Francis risked Turkish anger on Sunday by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire. This consternation over the use of the word 'genocide' occurs regularly.
Villa’s mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats and Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis. Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa’s stars ‘icing on the cake players’ ahead of their match with QPR .
The 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow for £780,700 after she split from her former husband Michael in December 2011. On the market: Michelle Mone has put her luxury Glasgow townhouse up for sale so she can buy her husband out of their 'dream' mansion . It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with a marble fireplace and a living flame fire. It is being marketed by estate agents Corum for offers over £875,000, which means the Ultimo founder will profit from at least £100,00 if it sells. Mone, who also owns a £2million flat in Mayfair, London, said she would change her old mansion to rid it of 'bad memories' when she revealed her property plans last week.
His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. It means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump, and he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself. Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance, but he appears to have overdone it against the West Indies .
B.B. is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey, the Beale Street Blues Boy. Last year, the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in Chicago, forcing him to cancel the remainder of his tour.
She helped to transform U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' who shops at retail outlets, does 'mom dancing' and even has a Twitter account. Ms Schake, 45, who has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years, has been brought on to Mrs Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image. She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to  announce her run for White House this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer, more accessible one, according to the New York Times.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals.
New campaign: Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group imploring them to stop the use of angora wool . Refusal: The Just Group, who own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur . In concert: The Irish-born musician has also banned the sale of meat products at the Opera House for the duration of his residency for the Vivid festival in May .
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 as the Golden State Warriors held off the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory. The East-leading Atlanta Hawks, meanwhile, stumbled on the road, losing to Detroit 105-95.
Toto Wolff (left) says Nico Rosberg (right) and Lewis Hamilton will have to deal with some 'unpopular calls' Rosberg then turned on Hamilton during the post-race press conference, accusing the world champion of being selfish. Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel have proved surprise tough competition in the race for the Championship .
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler. Obama today said he can 'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "Daddy, I'm having trouble breathing." Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter - who at the age of 16 now lives a full and an active life, inhaler free - but other children aren't so fortunate. They they find themselves in and out the emergency room several times a year.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. We must change the dismal status quo.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex, as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap. 'I fell and smashed my face on the pallet, and I was in the hole with blood all over me and I couldn't move.'
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
Yesterday,  the son of the Sultan of Brunei, one of the world's richest men wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. Prince Abdul Malik and  Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah married in an opulent ceremony yesterday . Prince William and Kate Middleton, April 2011 . Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes, November, 2006 .
Shattering its windscreen, this is the incredible moment a bus ploughed into a passenger plane at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. The damage on the vehicle is clear, although it is unknown if the engine of the Boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured.
Four Queens Park Rangers supporters have been jailed for football-related disorder following an incident with Burnley fans last year. The foursome identified as Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday, after being charged in July last year, due to their involvement in an act of violent disorder outside a west London pub. The foursome attacked the Plough and Harrow pub as the shouting soon turned into violence in west London .
A 12-year-old boy who fell out of a five-storey window miraculously survived after landing on a car parked beneath the building. The boy’s father said: “I don’t know how he fell out of the window but he said that he was sleepwalking.” The Public Security Bureau is further investigating the incident. He said that he bought the car just six months ago.
Douglas Murphy was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. A cut so small it was barely visible became infected, triggering the flesh-eating infection, necrotizing faciitis . Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg, when they noticed antibiotics given to the father-of-two had begun to work.
Cressida, an accomplished dancer, shows off her moves as she pulls some poses in the romantic shoot . Proving she's a woman of many talents, later this year, Cressida will make her film debut in Harvey Weinstein's Tulip Fever alongside Cara Delevingne and Dame Judi Dench .
Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at St Mirren . Griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match .
Taylor scores with a superb free-kick against Sunderland to win the game 1-0 at the Stadium of Light . Taylor's injury record at Newcastle has severely limited his first-team appearances over the past few years . Taylor is one of the most popular players at Newcastle for his consistent and hard working performances . Taylor adds: 'I'll always be a Newcastle fan. Taylor is out of contract at the end of the season and admits he does not know what the future has in store .
The 47-year-old announced on Wednesday he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven successful years at the Bundesliga club. Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there . Klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe, including City and Real Madrid .
He said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s . Tory MP Andrew Bridgen has branded Blair a 'megalomaniac' for his Newsweek remarks .
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday . While celebrating their win over UCLA, they smashed and broke the trophy .
A teen's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal . Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me.'
Jordan Spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in South Carolina . Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under after the first round at Hilton Head.
How would the management have reacted if some devout Catholics had decided to stage a holy communion at half-time?
Cairney jokes, hoping that there will not be a repeat when they host Liverpool on Wednesday in their FA Cup quarter-final replay. Tom Cairney, who will face Sterling on Wednesday night, has sympathy for the young winger .
Thursday's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal government.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London have found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. This skull found at Gough's Cave in Somerset had been carefully shaped into a bowl around 14,700 years ago . Human skulls found in the cave had also been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls. The researchers believe cannibalism may have been part of the customs of disposing of the dead.
The former premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government, which is dogged by allegations of endemic corruption. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition that he is being deployed to encourage Western investment to the country to massively increase gold, copper and coal mining, despite acute environmental worries. Activists from ecological pressure groups including Save Noyon Uul have protested to the government that plans for a foreign mining company to exploit gold reserves 'will destroy the historical monuments of the Mongols and their ancestors. It has up to 200 burial mounds .
My husband and I see the TV star lazing with his little boy by one of the five swimming pools in the Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal, soaking up the sun. The high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
(CNN)Americans on the United States' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the Justice Department this week. "Unfortunately, we've found that the government's new redress process falls far short of constitutional requirements because it denies our clients meaningful notice, evidence, and a hearing.
The Spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City with a game in hand. Cesar Azpilicueta (centre) is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title . 'There are individual battles in the game that you have to win.
The 4WD, containing four children and an adult, crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west, just before 4pm. The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital. 'Police do not believe anyone is still in the lake,' a statement from Victoria police said. Victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined .
But David Cameron and wife Samantha have made a colourful visit to a Sikh temple as part of a general election tour. It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK - The Festival of Life in London .
Big Brother is watching: A speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in Birmingham, West Midlands . One of their engineers will now be visiting the site and the camera could be removed completely.
Roach's star fighter will be hoping a change of scenery won't affect his preparations against Mayweather - who has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club in Las Vegas, which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist Church. Manny Pacquiao gestures to fans gathered after arriving at the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas on Monday . The Wild Card Gym is located on the unassuming road of Vine Street in Los Angeles .
Showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage, the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow. But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
A massive fire consumed a building that was once home to a Michigan strip club on Wednesday afternoon. The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm, MLive reported. An investigation into what was behind the blaze continues .
Australian woman Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month in Mexico . Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before Ms Sarmonikas died on his operating table . Andrea Sarmonikas said that the clinic's report revealed inconsistencies . 'The autopsy showed Eva went into cardiac arrest following surgery. The doctor who performed the procedure, Dr Ramirez, made headlines in 2012 after he used a photo of the famously curvaceous reality star Kim Kardashian on a billboard to advertise his services. A Facebook tribute page has been set up for Evita to share advice and support and to help fundraise to bring her body home to Australia .
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive. His mother Amanda was later told an infection she had, called bacterial vaginosis, was to blame. The condition can also cause miscarriage .
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge . Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Edinson Cavani's agent has talked up a potential switch to Manchester United this summer after admitting a move to England is a possibility. United are thought to be interested in Cavani to replace Robin van Persie, with Juventus and Inter Milan eyeing the ageing forward.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty, Fox News reported.
Jane Bacon, 51, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights to Sharm El Sheikh after she tried to delay her 'final holiday' when doctors said she needed chemotherapy . EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges .
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis, 31, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was walking on Central Avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am, police said. Police said Mitchell ran several red lights before driving into Mr Davis, and his co-worker, Brian Lee LaFrance, 28, with his rented 2015 Dodge Charger. Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding, leaving the scene of a crash involving a death, DUI serious bodily injury and trying to escape from police headquarters, according to the Tampa Bay Times. The couple met four years ago and married in 2013.
British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from Moscow despite heightened tensions with Vladimir Putin . Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise, which was hailed by the Government as one of the largest land, air, and sea training exercises run in Europe. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the exercise, involving 58 warships and submarines, 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ‘powerful’ Nato was.
But Mr Tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid, saying Greece is a 'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'. It was expected Mr Tsipras (left) would ask Mr Putin (right) for a hand-out .
But Judy Murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ‘can’t wait to be a granny’. Mrs Murray, 55, who has carved out her own star status after appearing on Strictly Come Dancing last year, also said she would be a ‘very active granny’ and in the same way she coached her sons, she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman, 24, after getting off a bus close to his home in Croydon, south London, in April last year. The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack, which was only stopped when police dragged him off. Our lives have been turned upside down. Norman, of Croydon, south London, is now being detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act.
Choudhury, who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105F, has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries. Denial: Bikram Choudhury, who has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women, has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations . When asked how his wife of more than 30 years, fellow yoga instructor Rajashree Choudhury, had responded to the accusations, Choudhury became emotional. 'My wife never look at me anymore,' he said.
Carrying the couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in the face at close range, according to police. Now, Harrell, who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter's mattress, has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court. The suspect, who had  'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman, remains in custody in lieu of $200,000 bail. If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison.
Alfred Hitchcock (pictured) was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London . They were a Catholic family, Irish originally, and the boy who would become ‘one of the most distinguished directors in the world’ was educated by the Jesuits.
Though the Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, it wasn't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. A plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday . Pilots reported the lighting but continued on with the eight-hour flight to Denver. The plane landed safely and no one was injured .
And the top four tiers of the game will mark their passing this weekend. The Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping for some time. Xavier Denamur has claimed that almost three quarters of all meals served in French bistros, brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved . claimed the figures were as high as seven in ten dishes served in cafes, brasseries and bistros were made in a factory and re-heated.
Mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his Instagram account . And in July 2014, Mings bought new replica shirts for two supporters after his squad number changed from 15 to 3 after they had already purchased them.
Cheeky: Models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by Marriam Seddiq during the St George New Generation show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Leather and straps: A model at the Raffles International Showcase wore a dress by Any Step constructed of leather straps and buckles .
Hearts have confirmed that captain Danny Wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the former Rangers player .
Vlad Tarasov couldn't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District . The one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow . Junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs, parking cones, broken bottles and even a dead seagull .
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. When officials told Majnaric the birds had to go, he spent more than $40,000 fighting the city in court.
But despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane. The situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut  lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. It landed at Buffalo Niagara International Airport in Buffalo at about 11:40 a.m. SkyWest Inc., which is based in St. George, Utah, said the jet landed safely and a passenger received medical attention before being released. An additional 15 adults and two children were evaluated upon landing, but none required treatment outside the airport, airport spokesman C. Douglas Hartmayer said.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if Crystal Palace were offered £40-60million . Every player has a price, of course. Pardew insists several of his players, including Jason Puncheon (left) and Joel Ward, are undervalued .
Blaine Boudreaux has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions that took place within three hours in Houston. His mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Rodriguez said the officer who stopped Boudreaux after the first accident involving the mother and toddler should have detained him instead of letting the man go. Boudreaux’s arraignment was attended by several members of Joshua Medrano's family who sobbed in court and showed Boudreaux the middle finger. One woman cried out 'I hope you die!'
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona. They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead, Franklin said.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been 'scarred psychologically' by the sexual assault but freed Josh Sweet after serving just two months on remand . The decision's been slammed by a Victim Support charity worker, who said that 'victims deserve justice', after the 24-year-old teacher was left traumatised by the ordeal.
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing Manchester City as they prepare to visit the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. And after a recent run of form that has seen the Barclays Premier League champions lose six of their last eight games, Hammers defender Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini’s side.
By Monday night, the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50% contained, the fire department said.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province. The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal Zeyat, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul.
Crematory manager Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes, said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures. Jason McDonald walked the thin slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . This time it didn't seem to bother them at all.'
(Thames & Hudson £19.95) Back in 1961 three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon. Nonetheless, for naturalists as driven as Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce, a paradise is exactly what the Amazon was.
Koby, who is now 11, suffered a series of cardiac arrests, where the heart suddenly stops pumping blood around the body, and was treated in intensive care . Koby had a device fitted to his heart which will shock it back into beating if it ever stops again. Koby knows he is lucky to be alive, but his dream of being a professional footballer has been taken from him.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing. Knight's lawyer Matt Fletcher said the chains and the wheelchair were part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client . Cle 'Bone' Sloan was hurt and Terry Carter died in the alleged hit-and-run in January.
Maribor 0-7 Chelsea . Shakhtar drew level when Blues defender Andreas Christensen (centre) scored an own goal in the first-half . Leading scorer Solanke put Chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header . A second for Shakhtar, through substitute Viktor Kovalenko in stoppage time, came too late to change the outcome.
Britain was sixth from last in a list of the world's most religious countries with only 30 per cent of people practising a faith (file image) In contrast, 94 per cent of people in Thailand deem themselves religious, with Armenia, Bangladesh, Georgia and Morocco completing the top five on 93 per cent each. Those under 34 tend to be more religious than other age groups, the survey by market researcher Win/Gallup International Association found.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour. Stunning: Graeme Whipps captured this image of the Lyrid meteor shower in the skies above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday .
‘There is no singing and dancing today. We have done OK. I still think that we’ll need to be better and we can be better,’ said McCall.
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back. Police said his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club (pictured), just two miles from his home .
She said: ‘There’s not many women that can relate to women. Ms Danczuk was asked if she would go into mainstream politics and replied: ‘Yeah, I would. Mrs Danczuk said having therapy and ‘dealing with it’ had transformed her life. Selfies are a reflection of saying “this is me, take me as I am”.
It's one of an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around Texas in the 1800s, knitting together German, Czech, Polish and other immigrant communities. About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels. Sparks' group and others are working to preserve the state's remaining dance halls, in part by creating an inventory so that the most distinctive ones become candidates for the National Register of Historic Places. From about 1870 into the 1920s, European immigrants in Texas built hundreds of these halls. They largely served as meeting places for agricultural groups, rifle clubs and mutual benefit societies.
(Palatino £9.99) Journalists tend to be a fund of good stories and Robin Esser, who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years, is no exception.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham, Civic Centre pictured, will become the first in the UK to introduce the plans which will allow them to match dog mess to owners and issue fines . 'In the US, we have experienced reductions in dog fouling by as much as 90 per cent after introducing the programme.
Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals . The large feline drinks with great enthusiasm before seamlessly moving onto another bottle . With time he became my good friend.’ The Polish volunteer spoke highly of the Jaguar and said that 'with time he became my good friend' The volunteer stands in the enclosure with the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures .
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, has been accused by his former employer of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Reid. Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
What we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of Nico Rosberg as a racing driver. Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August .
Called Riff, it lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the Universal Cup.
The 1986 World Cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in Bogota to support the peace process in Colombia. Argentina legend Diego Maradona kicks out at a steward after the charity match in Bogota .
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner . 'Insects have been hailed as a solution to our meat problem; full of protein, low in fat and packed full of nutrients they are already part of the staple diet in parts of Africa and Asia.'
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach, at the tip of the state's North West Cape, after Tropical Cyclone Olwyn tore through the area last month. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The frightened youngster was confronted by homeless Isa Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, a court heard. Debbie Jones, prosecuting, said she had already been convicted of similar offences twice this year.
Vincent Kompany (centre) says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager . I have put my sweat and blood into Manchester City. Sir Alex Ferguson attempted to bring 17-year-old Kompany to Old Trafford but the move didn't materialise .
Found: A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house, pictured, at Muskingum University last Wednesday. It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born . The body was inside a plastic bag in the garbage can, according to reports.
(CNN)Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old. Little things like using a fork, going out at night, tucking into bed without anyone checking on you; they're all strange for someone like Hinton who spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row. Hinton had to get used to much worse. What got him through all those tough times, he said, was his sense of humor.
he said. Spoke out: John Travolta on Monday broke his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief . 'I've been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years...that I really don't have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary) so decidedly negative.' As well as the claims about Travolta, former senior members of the faith told documentary makers about the various forms of punishment meted out by leaders.
It’s 11 years since Arsenal won the title. 15 wins in 17 games since their loss New Year’s Day. The only two defeats in this current run were the two key games all Arsenal fans desperately wanted to win – at Tottenham and at home to Monaco in the Champions League: the two games with more pressure on them than any others on this run.
Farther north, in the rural Illinois hamlet of Fairdale, one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs. But in nearby Kirkland, debris was so thick on the roads, responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries, fire officials said.
Incoming: The Centre Pompidou Malaga, a pop-up version of the Parisian institution, has opened to visitors . By 2016, a Museum of Fine Arts and Archaeology will complete the set.
Pictured riding around on their mother's backs, or cuddling up in their arms, the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure, including Ernie, 32, who is father to them both. Baby steps: Two three-month-old Western Lowland Gorillas have been pictured for the first time at the Bronx Zoo since they were born less than 48 hours apart back in January .
Rather, they convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all 30 counts he faced -- including using weapons of mass destruction, bombing a place of public use, conspiracy and aiding and abetting. Talking to the jury on Tuesday, O'Toole predicted that the sentencing phase will last four weeks before cautioning that forecasting a specific timetable is less reliable than guessing the weather.
Couple: Ivan Carlos, 22 (left), Brenda Avilez, 18 (right), and her unborn child were killed after a man crashed an SUV into the home where they slept early Wednesday . Avilez was due to give birth to her daughter in the first week of may, the family said.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea . They are also looking to sell Spain international Asier Illaramendi with Real Sociedad, Liverpool and Arsenal all interested in a cut-price £18million deal. Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea later on Wednesday of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan. Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack for the summer. Stoke are discussing a summer deal for Barcelona B forward Mohamed el Ouriachi.
Despite being accompanied by Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier, the cameras were firmly trained on the singer.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week. But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. Sheriff's deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother's waiting arms.
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack in Rensselaer County on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City. Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals.
Young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday when he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. Angela Buckler, 34, said the female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse, despite leaving Harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth. 'The cyclist did not stop at the scene and officers would like to contact them.'
Peggy was sent to her recently after her previous owner reported a series of terrifying nightmares. 'No matter where she moved the doll to in her home, the nightmares persisted. 'I think she Googled "haunted dolls" and came upon our website. Four different psychic mediums have ‘read’ Peggy, all invariably picking up that she is restless, frustrated and was persecuted in life. 'A lot of people, including two mediums, have said they feel she has links to the Holocaust and was possibly Jewish,' said Mrs Harris.
Playing Call Of Duty with others has become such a financial success that she has been able to give up her job working in hospitality. Followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations . Subscribers can also talk to Bonnie through team speak or snap chat while they play. Currently she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch and her channel has had almost one million views, with more than 8,000 followers on Instagram too.
Jonathan W. Krueger (above), the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday . Another man who was with Krueger told officers a minivan pulled up and confronted them.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year in an email to business colleagues, which has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial against him. US prosecutors allege Sarao, circled, helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street on May 6, 2010 .
The officer has been named by the New York Daily News as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's joint terrorism task force. Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. Detective Cherry is now under investigation by the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert who believes that natural alternatives are the way forward, especially in the midst of gimmicky expensive products. This formula is kept simple by calling for ingredients that can be found in most grocery stores.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday at the The Humane Society of Harrison County's The Pet Place in Marshall. Hill said all five of the puppies are healthy and were not injured.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Roseanne Barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. In an interview with The Daily Beast, Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma and told the website, "My vision is closing in now."
Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday. The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future, Wu's lawyer Liang Xiaojun told CNN. They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted, and police can summon them for questioning at any time, Liang added.
Joni Mitchell (above) has suffered from Morgellons disease throughout her life, and has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers (above) grow . Some individuals have said that taking antibiotics cured them of Morgellons, though some experts could bring that back to the idea of mental illness and claim it is simply a placebo effect.
Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues, The New York Daily News reported. If you weren't offended, then let's do it again. Lombardi is suing CBS, Duane Tollison and Albert Colley for violation of labor laws, infliction of emotional distress and discrimination.
The new map allows astronomers to 'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet. The colour-coded terrain models show the impressive height of the Meridiani Planum region at up to 820ft (250 metres) above the surface, seen in red. By around 2018, the team from DLR, wants to represent the whole of Mars as one coherent mosaic.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' and was adamant there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye. WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . He added: 'I was put here to suffer.
We stayed in a village called Yagodina high in the remote Rodopi mountains. We walked up to nine miles every day. At the end of one walk we scrambled down to the Yagodina cave system, its luminescent stalactites and stalagmites dripping eerily as they have done for millions of years.
Young father: Michael Owen was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed along with his friend Kyle Careford in East Sussex . 'You was an amazing dad and was always there for me.
Prince William, dutiful fellow that he is, has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. Feeding the bairn? asks Quentin Letts . The new Parliament will be up and running.
It comes amid the 28-year-old's ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty. Jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison.
He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt . Not only would he the photos, but the names, addresses and social media details of the people in them. Convicted: Kevin Bollaert, 28, was facing 20 years after being found guilty of extortion and identity theft for running a despicable scheme for victims to pay to have their images removed from his revenge porn site . Like their lives are getting ruined,' he said.
Visit: Michael Slager received a visit at Charleston County Jail last Friday from his pregnant wife and mom . No date has yet been set for his first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away. Walter Scott was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen. Family tell says the light was an accessory and both mandatory stop lamps were functioning .
Kevin Blandford's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur . After posting the photos he wrote that he won a free trip to Puerto Rico but his wife was unable to join him . Kevin told MailOnline Travel: 'It kind of happened organically.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, the doctors’ union, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
Blasted: Judge Nicholas Cooke QC (left) blasted his junior colleague Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC (right) for 'taking his eye off the ball' when he sentenced Christopher Starrs in January this year . However, senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ‘unlawful’ - and added Starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on Airbnb, with 40 per cent located in the capital of Havana . For the time being non-US travellers will not be able to book rooms or flats in Cuba through Airbnb .
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown. Little is known about  the origin or history of the ancient Tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century A.D. The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted .
Paul Scholes hopes Ryan Giggs will go on and be one of the best manager's in the world once he has done his apprenticeship under Louis van Gaal . Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp could end up in the Premier League . The former Manchester United midfielder believes that Pep Guardiola will head to Etihad Stadium once his contract at Bayern Munich expires at the end of next season.
Sydney's west was hit by snow-like hail after the storm travelled east from the Blue Mountains . Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day . Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . Streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across Sydney and the Blue Mountains. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due to the weather . State Emergency Services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages .
Public records show Hughes had a son named John Joseph Hughes who died. Shanahan said Hughes mentioned the idea when the two were brainstorming a couple of years ago.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China, following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot. Returned: The money belonged to Ou Chen, who lost the $4,000 as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant.
Liverpool, and now England, have Michael Owen.' 3 - no player had ever won Player of the Month three times in a row... but Kane tied with Dennis Bergkamp and Cristiano Ronaldo after winning it in January and February . Kane went desperately close to a third following five goals in March, only for Arsenal’s Olivier Giroud to deny him. Harry Kane and Vincent Kompany have – coincidentally – played 1,876 minutes each this season, and here's how they compare: . Tackles won: . 25 - Kane . He was 500/1 at the beginning of the season to win the Premier League Golden Boot, and is not just another also-ran. Consider the top 20 most distances covered by players during a Premier League match, and Kane features twice (13.01km vs Everton, and 13.12km vs Swansea City). Kane was closely marked by Italy's Giorgio Chiellini in what was a taster of what's to come from defenders .
Luckily, Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object.
A narrow two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering £750,000. Despite being only a little wider than a rugby player’s shoulders, the estate agency blurb described the property as being 'well proportioned'. The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
The first double hundred of Alex Hales' career helped Nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge. The England international was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps, having been invited to bat first. 'This year I want to make as many big scores as I can in this format because it's still my dream to play Test cricket.'
On its company website, Steelcase said the Brody is designed to be 'good for your body and good for your brain'. 'The Brody WorkLounge creates a shelter from visual distractions, provides privacy and provides an enhanced sense of psychological security.' It's conducive to collaboration' In recent years, many companies have embraced open offices with about 70 per cent of U.S. offices having no or low partitions, according to the International Facility Management Association.
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. Justice: Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody. Gray was detained on April 12 after he ran away from police. Gray's wake was held a day after protests in Baltimore turned violent.
Protests by Japanese-American groups and Star Trek's George Takei have led an East Coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from World War II internment camps.
Genes for Good (pictured) is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users, who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US . Sending a spit sample (illustrated) is voluntary.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time in March 2013. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty.
Kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries . In all, the nurse has donated eggs three times, leading to three successful pregnancies - twin boys, twin girls, and a baby boy . Also, a number of her eggs have been frozen for future use. Controversially, Kelly has told her 11-year-old daughter that she has brothers and sisters.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years. Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul Minnesota, has sought medical help after Twinkle Twinkle Little Star first became stuck in his head last May. Sounds including police sirens are stuck in his head for around a month .
And somehow, many trends these days seem to somehow involve a member of the Kardashian clan. The latest: Lip plumping. It even has a hashtag: #KylieJennerChallenge .
"The Breakfast Club" returns to theaters 30 years later .
The range came to fruition on the back of a survey carried out by the supermarket revealing the average amount spent on a christening is now upwards of £300, with 63 per cent of families concerned about the spiraling costs.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids this season . Redknapp insists the club have not moved forward under their Argentine manager this season .
Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked 'Are you hungry?' The reptile nods her head after hearing her owner Shannen Hussein speaking to her .
Japan's defence minister has been forced to assure MPs that the country has never been invaded by aliens. ET no home: Defence Minister Gen Nakatani responded to questions from an MP about potential alien invasions, and assured parliament that Japan has never been invaded by extra-terrestrials .
Kayla Mooney, who was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School turned herself in to police. Though she appeared in Danbury Superior Court on Monday, her arraignment on charges of second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor was postponed because her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors.
Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. Obama hosted just seven . The State Department pays the entire tab, which averaged about $500,000 each for Obama's seven dinners, said White House spokesman Patrick Ventrell. Ventrell and others said cost was a concern when Obama took office in January 2009 amid the worst economic slide since the 1930s.
Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking John Terry’s hand in light of the racist comments the former England captain directed at former Rs defender Anton Ferdinand four years ago. Ramsey arrives for Friday's pre-match press conference as QPR prepare to host Chelsea at Loftus Road . Rio Ferdinand, brother of Anton, will not be fit for Sunday's match against Chelsea .
The jury that sentenced Aaron Hernandez to life in prison on Wednesday want the world to know that they gave the ex-New England Patriots star a fair trial. On Thursday, the jury and alternate jurors say down with CNN's Anderson Cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months. Guilty: Hernandez was found guilty Wednesday of murdering Odin Lloyd in 2013. On the right, seen in a Patriots uniform before his arrest . Did Mr. Hernandez win?
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours, compared to 4.58million women – who more commonly work part-time to care for children or family. Men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the manual contains now mention of the country's history, instead devoting its chapters to minor – and questionable – details about Kim Jong-un's childhood. South Korea's TV Chosun reported that the text also claimed Kim can draw well and knows how to compose music.
Beginning Friday, blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD). As police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force, IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics," but said the decision to change the uniform for certain ranks within the department is "not related to any specific, individual incident occurring elsewhere in the United States."
Cole's contract expires at the end of the season and it is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer. Cole's contract expires at the end of the season and is unsure if he will be offered a new deal .
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola . The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training as early as November last year . Manchester City long to bring in Guardiola to replace Manuel Pellegrini but they may have to wait for him . Guardiola is now in the strongest position he has ever been at Bayern and he could agree a new deal there .
The robot can lift up to 77 lbs (35kg). It's designed to work alongside humans without the need for safety fences. The robot stops what it's doing if it touches a human. It's designed to be as reliable as other robots on production lines and could be used in warehouses to lift heavy objects, for example.
Jessica Hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm she used acid . The kit cost £25 online and I thought "bargain".' But Jessica applied the acid without diluting it with water or reading the instructions. As a result, it immediately caused her skin to burn and blister. Jess, left, regretted getting her ex-boyfriend's name tattooed on her bikini line, right . She appears on TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters this week where she reveals her regrets over her tattoo. It comes after a new series of television show 'Tattoo Nightmares' will air on the channel.
While the world's most elite surfers have taken to their boards to win the illustrious Margaret River Pro, the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs. The most impressive wipe-out went to Australian surfer Josh Kerr when he plunged head first into the reef . Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
Hong Kong (CNN)Phil Rudd, the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC, has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a New Zealand court. The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in New Zealand.
Now, less than 12 hours after Poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger, disgruntled viewers have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' - and  urge the BBC to hurry up with series two. Not quite true: Poldark will be replaced in the schedules with Sheridan Smith drama, The C-Word .
Nicola Sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of last night’s TV debate according to one snap poll, inflicting a damaging blow to Ed Miliband’s election hopes. ComRes put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister, with Mr Miliband on 28 per cent and Mr Farage just 10 per cent. The Tories rushed out a poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon’s pocket last night – saying the SNP leader had ‘dominated’ him in the debate. Scotland’s steely First Minister left the Labour leader squirming as she attacked him from the Left on tax and spending. Challenging the Labour leader directly, she said: ‘We need to invest and grow our way out of austerity – why did you vote for £30billion of cuts?’ As Mr Cameron looked on smiling, Mr Miliband responded weakly: ‘That wasn’t what the vote was for.’ Mr Clegg ambushed the Prime Minister at the first opportunity after five years of Coalition, saying: ‘I believe you need to make the necessary cuts because you have to.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry  after travelling 200 miles across Britain. It is thought the migrants had climbed into the British-registered truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally. 5 stowaways on board from Afghanistan.
Fearsome: Jesus Salas Aguayo, a former gun for hire and Jarez Cartel boss known for his brutal murders of rivals, was arrested on Friday by Mexican police . Aguayo had been cartel boss for six months before he was captured after taking over from Vicente Carrillo Fuentes, arrested in October last year .
Middlesbrough defender Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club . But six consecutive seasons outside of the Premier League has proved a financial strain. Nunthorpe-born Gibson is a lifelong Boro fan. 'But I'm used to it.
Substitute Eidur Gudjohnsen spared Bolton's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game and denied Blackpool a first away victory in 343 days in a 1-1 draw. Blackpool's Michael Jacobs (left) scores against Bolton Wanderers .
Lewis Hamilton (Britain) Mercedes 93 . Hamilton extended his lead the Formula One world championship with yet another flawless victory in Bahrain . Kimi Raikkonen (Finland) Ferrari +00:03.380 . Nico Rosberg (Germany) Mercedes 00:06.033 . 11. He had beaten Rosberg, a specialist in Bahrain, in qualifying and in the race. The Briton, who now has 36 career wins, celebrates his victory with an air golf swing after leaping out of his Mercedes .
Resplendent in a backless sequinned dress, the 42-year-old's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show. The royal. Defined: Spain's Queen Letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in Madrid . Presenting the prizes: Letizia also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award . Mummy's girl: Ms Hayek brought her seven-year-old daughter Valentina with her to the show .
The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen knew that Army Sgt. Vierkrant claims that during an unguarded question and answer session, Mullen said they could ask him anything. Bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, is suing her former college because she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009 . The 42-year-old woman (left) said she lost 16lb in a month to try out for the dance troupe but was still denied an audition.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed by an armed officer. He was complaining that everyone was picking on him.’ Passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for Manchester without the man on board.
Big Brother star and glamour model Casey Batchelor has unveiled her summer collection with Honeyz.com in full - and models all of the clothes herself, of course . 'I am hoping for my acting to take off and that is what I'm focussing on so who knows; in five years maybe I will be in Hollywood!'.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it’s something that fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues. The all-gender restroom opened as Obama's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination came into effect .
Kim Howe's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former Olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death. : Celebrity website TMZ claims the stepchildren of Kim Howe (right) have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against Bruce Jenner (left) Crash: Mrs Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with realtiy TV star Bruce Jenner . Mrs Howe's husband Robert died in 2003, and it is understood she has no other close living blood relatives.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango. Struck down: 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old Precious Richardson Coleman, who believed Spence was trying to steal her boyfriend, according to family members . Coleman is currently being held on $750,000 bail at Riverside Correctional Facility on attempted murder and related charges.
Four South African men accused of stabbing a Mozambican man to death in an anti-immigrant attack in a Johannesburg township  appeared in court today. The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday (shown). Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth .
The project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme – and doubles the number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000. The properties would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value and reserved purely for first-time buyers under the age of 40. Each starter home will cost no more than £250,000 outside London and £450,000 in the capital.
Death row: Kent Sprouse gunned down Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt, 28, at a gas station outside of Dallas before also shooting dead a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002 . Sprouse was charged but not tried for Moreno's death.
DANNY INGS, BURNLEY . Manchester United, Manchester City and Real Sociedad remain in the frame for Ings. James Milner appears set to depart Manchester City at the end of the season when his contract expires . PETR CECH, CHELSEA . Asier Illarramendi may depart Real Madrid this summer and his profile matches Liverpool's recruitment policy . MEMPHIS DEPAY, PSV EINDHOVEN .
Cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt hanged himself on Sunday at his Miami mansion. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday. Abravanel said Brandt, 65, was  'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. The Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on Monday.
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas. Spotted: Other photographs from Loraine showed landspouts - a term for any tornado not attachde to a thunderstorm - on Wednesday evening .
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer.
Manchester City players were  trained on Wednesday ahead of their match on Sunday at home to West Ham . The 61-year-old's side currently sit fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining - four points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool and with a far greater goal difference too.
Model: Olsi Beheluli, pictured, claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess . A drug dealing model was jailed after he posted a picture of himself surrounded by £240,000 in cash on Twitter. The 24-year-old enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation, police said.
Jerusalem (CNN)The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria, targeting a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border.
The platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly, and at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below. Astonishingly, the two workers who were stuck in the platform only suffered minor injuries. Authorities said they were investigating the incident.
Man of the Match: Patrick Bamford. Boro now have three matches to play as they chase automatic promotion to the Premier League . Middlesbrough . Wolves .
With just under five weeks to go till his meeting with Mayweather, Pacquiao took to his Instagram account to share a video of his morning run with the 32-year-old being joined by his training entourage. Manny Pacquiao is joined by his training entourage as he gets through an early morning jog on Wednesday .
Spain coach Vicente del Bosque fielded an experimental side at the Amsterdam Arena with Iniesta, who started on the bench, entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans. Was it because of his goal against the Netherlands in 2010?
Brendan Rodgers has met with Sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at Liverpool . Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe . They are believed to have been taken last September, and both are seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar.
ABC is  filming a pilot episode of The Muppet Show, in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen. The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites. Details of the new episode were first reported by The Hollywood Reporter.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1) Thibaut Courtois – 5.5 . Eden Hazard – 8.5 . Loic Remy - 7.5 . Jose Mourinho was active throughout the game on the touchline as Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 . Charlie Adam – 6.5 .
Clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics. The emphasis on women -- and the progress of women -- as a possible underlying campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy, which stressed experience and competence over history.
London (CNN)British police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of London's jewelry district said Friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. The British tabloid The Daily Mirror claimed Friday to have obtained closed-circuit TV footage that captured the robbery being carried out. British police told CNN they have not released any video of the heist.
Nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits - just this month, a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning. They are also rich in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin. Walnuts .
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, from Greenport, were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village. Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. The mother had told workers at her farm that she would be 'back on Tuesday' but did not return on March 31st, April 7th or April 14th.
Jack Grealish feels ashamed about inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon and has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake. Sherwood told his young winger, who inspired Villa to FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool on Sunday, that such behaviour could not be tolerated by the club.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears,pictured at the Wimbledon Champions Dinner 2013, are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend . Trees lined the aisle at Prince Williams wedding to Kate Middleton .
Jack Colback (left) says the Newcastle United fans deserve more following another disappointing defeat . ‘But we can’t feel sorry for ourselves. ‘The minimum we could do is be better than the last game and I thought we were. Siem de Jong is in line to feature for the under-21's on Wednesday and his return would be a welcome boost .
The migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri on the island's south coast close to the resort city of Limassol. Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as "melanism" can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers a dark colour.
The airstrip, pictured, is home to four Europfighter Typhoon aircraft tasked with defending the islands . Argentina is considering leasing 12 Suhkoi SU-24 bombers, pictured, from Russia. It also can carry 3,000kg of bombs as well as air-to-air missiles.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches. The 24-year-old has two years left on his contract but harbours ambitions to play in Europe .
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. Carl Bradey (left) suffered horrific burns to his whole body (right) after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month . Bradey has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. He promised before the auction that if the letters were bought by a bidder in the United States, he would fly out to see the signage himself at the winner's home.
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London. While the record temperatures are only going to last two days, the weather is expected to remain warmer than the average April high of 14.2C (57.6F). 'In some places temperatures will be double the average for this time of year tomorrow. 'Wednesday will be 22C to 25C (72F to 77F) or higher in places.
The comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour. Self-employed Gabriel, 28, runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to America. She told Daily Mail Online that she’s ‘very supportive’ of Noah’s newfound fame and has said she couldn’t be ‘prouder’ of her ex. But then it was broken.
Dutch darts duo Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld's current form couldn't be further apart as they head into Premier League Darts' ninth leg in Manchester on Thursday. Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld (centre) pose with compatriots Daley Blind (left) and Robin van Persie (right) at Old Trafford on Wednesday .
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad, while another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. One in five NSW families have admitted to sedating their children before taking them on long car trips . The over the counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies however it contains a sedative called promethazine which is widely known to cause breathing problems in young children.
'If you believe in state sanctioned murder, are against compassion and think you are above making mistakes... please... unfollow us, delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether. Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it. The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue, including those who did not agree .
Tuition, sporting and curricula fees for Scot's College, one of Sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000 . 'NUS really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it,' Ms Steele said. Daily Mail Australia approached the University of Sydney and Scot's College for comment on Monday morning.
Not only the Fight of the Century but the sale of tickets for Floyd Mayweather versus Manny Pacquiao. Those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on Thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between Mayweather Promotions and Pacquiao’s promoter Bob Arum. Tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are on sale on Thursday .
Above, the beautiful Pennsylvania Station before its 1963 destruction . Historic districts such as those in Greenwich Village and Brooklyn Heights make up the majority of the 33,000 properties with landmark status. The exhibition traces the trajectory of the preservation movement in New York City, from the end of the 19th century up to the present day. Both buildings are  protected by the city's Landmarks Law .
The animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in Furen in Japan. The fox takes a tumble and appears to lose the fight for the bone as the two eagles circle him, eager to take back part of the deer carcass .
On first glance they appear to simply be bland, bleach-white seashells, but when viewed under ultraviolet light they are transformed. The scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern Dominican Republic, include 13 entirely new species. UV light allowed scientists to peer back millions of years to reconstruct shell patterns and colours as above .
The roots then became the trunk of the tree, leading to its strange appearance. Remarkable: The web is so flimsy that the entire tree sways in the wind .
A 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan came forward to author John Glatt to say she dated Castro from 2000 to 2003, a three-year period during which Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home. She says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . However, she says he did keep his basement padlocked, which she found peculiar. A few months after breaking up, he kidnapped his third victim Gina DeJuses. The three women found freedom in May 2013, when Berry's 6-year-old daughter by Castro helped the trio to escape the house and alert police.
Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab . This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority . Now comes the real test however, as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position, who just signed a $14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons.
The moment came during an awards ceremony for children's authors in Madrid, where the 42-year-old made a speech before presenting Mr Manas' award. Well done: The 42-year-old presents author Pedro Manas with his prize during the ceremony . A delighted Mr Manas then planted a big kiss on Queen Letizia's cheek . Glamorous: Letizia showed off her slender shape in a midnight blue jumpsuit cinched in with a gold belt .
Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges. Relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a PlayStation 3. 'They were friends.
Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, according to reports. The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. In both 2012 and 2014 Stoll headed to the MGM Grand to celebrate at the end of the hockey season.
Analysts employed at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center who watch graphic videos all day receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience. The analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists . Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
A county in Illinois says former US Rep Aaron Schock, who redecorated his office in the decadent style of television show Downton Abbey,  should pay for the special elections to replace him.
Her Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach. Clinton and her entourage flew on a commercial US Airways Shuttle flight on Tuesday, and the Secret Service took care of the cars at curbside. ARRIVAL: Hillary was flanked by her security after she landed at Washington Reagan National Airport near DC, insisting that she hadn't booked the first class tickets herself – but staring ahead wordlessly when asked about the deadly Benghazi terror attack . During her trip she said of the wealthy: 'The deck is stacked in their favor. My job is to reshuffle the cards.'
Bristol City players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from League One . Tavernier (centre) opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes . Bryan (centre) wheels away after doubling Bristol City's lead with a first-half header . Tavernier netted his second of the evening from close range as the Robins scored their way to promotion .
The London-born beauty is the new face of Maybelline New York, she was British Vogue's February 2015 cover star, and also the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade. She was 18 when she got pregnant, with her  son, Riley, now five.
Initially charged with felony child abuse, Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November in Texas. The Vikings issued a brief statement in which they said they "look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings."
On a mobile site, which was still active, the network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group." But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand, and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
This is the moment a thief casually strolls up to a Range Rover and takes less than 30 seconds to break into the vehicle and drive it away in a car hacking theft.
American television network Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp as the build up to the May 2 bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. 'I have never wanted to win a fight so bad in my life.'
'He didn't deserve to die': Pierre Fulton, who was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light, has broken his silence. He said he does not know why Scott ran . His words on Monday night came as audio surfaced of Officer Slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in South Carolina on April 5. Scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop. Slager can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 .
Firm family bond: Davion, 16, who captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' Davion plays on the Xbox in his bedroom with his  mom Connie sitting behind him together with her daughter Carly, 17, and her adopted son, Taylor, 14 . Going has admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it. And every day things get a little bit better.'
A Liberal Democrat parliamentary candidate is bidding to become Britain's first transgender MP. Zoe O'Connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. Her two lovers, Ms Brown, 41, and Ms Knight, 39, were once a straight married couple – when Ms Brown was a man. We're in a relationship and we're not ashamed of that.'
Identified: Officials at Duke University say they have caught the student culprit responsible for hanging a noose from a tree on campus this week . On Thursday, he praised the reaction of fellow students and administrators at the school. Unknown: The university is not identifying the student in question, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy. Above, a view of the Durham, North Carolina campus .
Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder, according to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's office. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in Gainesville, rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. In March, the FBI gave the informant a burner cellphone with the doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he'd been fatally shot.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia reportedly over  concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. However, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Major moment: Scott Turner Schofield (left, with Thorsten Kaye) has landed a role on the popular soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful . Major figure: Schofield (left, right in high school) is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
Retrospective action, believes the Scottish players’ union, has become too far reaching. ‘Under the rules, they couldn’t charge Gary Deegan because the referee was the wrong side of the incident. Inverness defender Josh Meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the Scottish Cup semi-final . ‘Steven McLean was in the ideal position to see it.
Washington (CNN)Chief Justice John Roberts is back in the spotlight. The U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.
Durham, North Carolina (CNN)President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959. Other guests include Viscount Montgomery (standing, second from left) and 1st Earl Harold Alexander (sitting next to Eisenhower) Lord Alan Brooke wakes up Churchill, who appears slightly sheepish, but no one else seems to have noticed his quick nap . The auction will take place on April 15.
Perfume really can make us more attractive. Lavender, another common ingredient in perfume, has been shown to calm and soothe the mind, while citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for. And sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
But now researchers at the Japan Atomic Energy Agency have been able to create enough to measured the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time. However, scientists have only ever been able to produce minuscule amounts of the substance and it has a half life of 27 seconds. The researchers found this matched a recent prediction of 4.96eV - giving it the lowest ionisation potential of all elements in the f-block.
Mr Cameron also conceded that he understood the ‘frustrations’ of Ukip voters. Mr Farage is on 30 per cent, with Labour in third on 29 per cent. Mr Cameron has previously accused Nigel Farage supporters of being 'fruitcakes and loonies' ‘To keep generating the jobs and the growth our country needs, come back to us, come back home to us,’ he pleaded.
The post claims to reveal the information of  FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors, CNN reports. 'JESUS IS LORD, AND THE PUBLIC IS IN CHARGE, NOT THESE SATANIC NWO STOOGES' NOW is likely an acronym for New World Order, a term used by conspiracy theorists to refer to a totalitarian world government.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30. Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen. Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them that he loves the smell of jet fuel . Off to save the planet: Obama flew nearly 2,000 miles round-trip on Earth Day to the Florida Everglades and back . 'Doesn't jet travel leave a big carbon footprint?'
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. The suspended officers were identified as: . Lt. Brian Rice, 41, with the department since 1997. Sgt. Officers William Porter and Edward Nero and Garrett Miller, who all joined in 2012. Protestors raise their fists and candles in solidarity on the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name .
has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an . order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil . The environmental group said in a statement its team would . occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer, . The six activists planned to camp on the 38,000-tonne Polar Pioneer platform, which they boarded using inflatable boats from the Greenpeace vessel 'Esperanza.' 'We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone. Everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power!'
This tiny Himalayan kingdom, wedged between Tibet and India, is a land of myths and magic - a Shangri-La where, as legend has it, tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests. Houses are decorated with dragons, animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts, and Buddhist monuments, known as stupas, are erected near rivers to defy the evil spirits that lurk beneath the water. Massive dzongs, medieval monastic fortresses, tower over the valleys and shrines containing gilded prayer wheels are dotted across the hillsides.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season and is the Championship's Player of the Year.
Sarah Wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living . Ms Wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the 'new depression'. Beyond Blue report that one in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime, and although depression and anxiety are two different conditions, one can often lead to the other.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin who could leave Loftus Road in the summer . The Toffees were among Premier League clubs who watched Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare on Sunday .
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. The CDC said staff on the Infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak. Symptoms of norovirus include vomiting, diarrhea, fever and body aches. According to the CDC, most people recover within three days.
It was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance. No mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm. Lee retains his WBO belt after Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday . Lee threw more punches (299-267) and connected with greater frequency (113-103).
Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs, including penicillin, worked best in stopping the diseases, the lawsuit says. In 2012, a class-action federal lawsuit was filed against the U.S. government over the Guatemala experiments conducted by the U.S. Public Health Service.
Wayne Rooney was described by Fellaini as the best finisher he has played with at Manchester United . Everton's Phil Jagielka has been lauded by Marouane Fellaini for his ability to execute the toughest tackle .
But she wants it" -- the question unanswered is "What for?" There are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton.
The Togo international posted the video of him dancing in front of the Paris landmark on his Instagram account . Adebayor recently insisted that he was prepared to fight for his place in the Tottenham team .
A man stands on a clump of land that emerged overnight along the coastline of Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, on Hokkaido Island, Japan . The mass, which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level,  measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide, a town official said.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president.' The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. Clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress, businesses and world leaders. Advisers said she planned to talk about ways families can increase take-home pay, the importance of expanding early childhood education and making higher education more affordable. She is expected to reach out to donors in the coming weeks, but does not plan to headline many fundraising events over the next month. Clinton's growing team of staffers began working Friday out of a new campaign headquarters in Brooklyn.
Stephanie Scott’s heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl, giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ‘show their support of our beautiful Steph’ for her funeral tomorrow. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder. Beloved teacher Stephanie Scott's workplace, Leeton High, commended the community for their strength . Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra. Now, it will tragically be the venue for her funeral . On the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley a memorial was held.
Ronald Peijenburg, owner of the De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, has previously used  a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable. The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed by a local TV channel.
(CNN)About a dozen Native American actors have walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie comedy, saying the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women, according to a report.
He allegedly entered the building at 8am and fired one shot . SWAT teams raced to Wayne Community College in Goldsboro just before 9am on Monday after frantic 911 calls of a gunman who had opened fire. The college is one hour away from Raleigh and has 3,900 students currently enrolled.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'.‎ . Mr Farage accused Labour of 'sneering' at people who raised issues about immigration and claimed Ukip has now 'emerged as the party of the working man'. Ukip's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North.
In the last six years, the mother-of-three, who suffers severe liver cirrhosis, has been admitted to hospital 13 times . At the peak of her addiction, Ms Merner was drinking a bottle of vodka a day. She has been warned another drop of alcohol could kill her.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua . James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings . Jermaine Blackwood celebrates his maiden Test match century in his sixth Test match . Joe Root makes the catch to dismiss Sulieman Benn, who was the last wicket to fall in West Indies' innings .
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant Craig Steadman in the first round of the World Championship . Mark Selby v Kurt Maflin .
Edward Moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey, when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office.
According to the People's Daily Online, the girls of the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan. Instructor Tan said the girls, once trained, will be able to use any sharp implement to defend themselves in future including chopsticks .
Currently, Kim is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 following her April 16 incident at the Polo Lounge where she 'caused a disturbance at the hotel restaurant and was taken into custody at the Beverly Hills Police Department.'
The presenters star in the campaign, which celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with Garnier Nutrisse - and, of course, they show off their glossy locks in the shoot. Holly, 34, and 47-year-old Davina can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache .
Striker Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March to earn the award .
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep Flanagan at Liverpool .
Kathy Hughes told ABC News. 'He did it for the country.' Her father, 61-year-old Doug Hughes, landed the aircraft on the West Lawn last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. Speaking to Good Morning America on Monday morning, Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the guarded building. Hughes is on leave from his job and is under house arrest in Ruskin, Florida. He will attend a hearing in Washington D.C. in two weeks to determine whether his case will go to trial.
Steel structures for the new Main Stand at Anfield are now taller than the existing structure . Work on the Main Stand expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
Founder: Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens . Unclaimed territory: Liberland is located on the Croatia-Serbia border, on the banks of the Danube River . With only one citizen currently living in the country and access to the area strictly limited by Croatia and Serbia, there is no way Liberland is able to protect itself from neighbouring states.
Ryan Bertrand took to Instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars - admittedly, however, one of them probably isn't road legal. Bertrand (left) has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton so far this season .
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover . My job is to prepare the team and keep them in the league this year.’ Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th following late defeat by Swansea in their last match before the international break.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago, which caused his stomach to shrink to the size of a tennis ball. The 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes. At one point, I was having between six to eight cans a day. I had to be taken to the plane by a buggy or wheelchair.'
That famous lady, Kim Kardashian, has done it!" This year, it took a reality star, famous for balancing a cocktail on her rump, to catapult it to the top of the news once again, like it was on December 15, 1915, when headlines like "Million Armenians Killed or in Exile," splashed across the New York Times and other international media.
He said many arrive in Britain on a six-month VISA before heading off on a 'European tour' and police are constantly monitoring CCTV to keep tabs on  gangs and their recruits.
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people regardless of the legality. A pizzeria in Walkerton was bombarded with calls after refusing to cater a wedding .
However, Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption. Protest flight: Doug Hughes took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building . It barely cleared a row of trees and a statue of Gen. Ulysses Grant. According to the Tampa Bay Times, 61-year-old Doug Hughes has been planning the stunt for two years saying, 'No sane person would do what I'm doing.'
Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers' top flight status. Ramsey (right) wants QPR to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the Premier League .
England are set to face trial by leg-spin after West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed Devendra Bishoo will play in Tuesday's second Test. West Indies  captain Ramdin prepares for the second Test in the nets .
Police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook who went missing from a campsite in Victoria on Friday. The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Lake Eildon, near where Luke went missing: Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day .
A 'wicked' daughter who stole £20,000 from her dementia-stricken mother and spent it on herself instead of paying care home fees has been spared jail. Border was also made subject of an eight-month home curfew and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
Hannah McWhirter (pictured) engaged in the threesome with a co-worker and her husband but when her boyfriend found out said she was raped . But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped. McWhirter appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
V Stiviano (above) showed off new braces while out to lunch Thursday . This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling .
Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center. Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, who she met only weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish. In this instance Ms Catherall apparently made no response and the phone call was terminated.
Kelly Ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend, cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt, was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday. 'My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. Fredric Brandt. My friend. You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer,' the star wrote. He was a close friend.
Protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes, and say it's clear police used too much force when Gray was in their custody. Some protesters say the officers should be charged with murder for Gray's death.
Passengers on board a Virgin Atlantic flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick who endured a 33-hour delay have described the incident as 'excruciating' and 'an absolute nightmare.' This shot was snapped by passenger Paul Glogiewicz; the passengers were eventually told there was a problem with the plane's rudder . The Virgin Atlantic flight eventually took flight some 33 hours behind schedule after technical problems (file photo) Passengers explained how they had been shipped back and forth to the airport with no solution .
Returning boats to international waters potentially violates Australia's obligation to international maritime law; push-backs to Indonesian waters violates Indonesia's sovereignty and has placed people at great risk. This is a message that both the European Union and Australia should heed. Italy is a good example of the failure of trying to stop asylum seekers with deterrence.
ABC's World News Tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival NBC's Nightly News in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers .
Last October, the camp, which had flouted planning rules, appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the Court of Appeal. They claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans. 'The travellers really have been the neighbours from hell.
Johansen scored Celtic's second goal at St Mirren from the penalty spot on 79 minutes .
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P - and had to urgently 'scribble' over the mistake. He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' instead (right) He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference, the photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love. Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric. The annual competition was held at the Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association's conference.
The part-time judge, Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer. The Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice were quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct following complaints that Cattan gave the appearance of falling asleep.
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called 'Killing Children', with the tag line: 'This is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate.' The 11 stories were given names like 'Massacre' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' Anger: Despite the outrage expressed by parents, the eighth grade boy was allowed to return to school last month, and the District Attorney has confirmed no charges will be laid, saying the stories were 'horror fiction' The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the incident.
A woman who weighs 400lbs has told how men are paying her around $1,500 (£1,000) a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera. Happy to be a 'feedee': Sarah Reign, from New York, supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat . She says: 'I really enjoy eating. 'It's such an ego boost,' she admitted. She has had long-term boyfriends since she started being a part-time squasher.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. The island was deemed safe again around 4:30pm, but tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day.
Charlie Austin has revealed how his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at Queens Park Rangers before realising his mistake - with the duo then becoming good friends. The 25-year-old says QPR can't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up at least four points .
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube with the title ‘Burning people with magnifying glass', has been viewed over a million times.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, police there said in a news release. the woman asked. Search: The Loveland Police Department said 'We do not have a description of the man reported to have committed this act' Loveland police said that Estes Park officers responded and got the woman out, after finding her car keys. Authorities said the woman told them she wasn't hurt.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered'. It follows a conservation 'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. Oldfield, wife of radio host and former One Nation politician David Oldfield, posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online. It cost $10,000.
Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money. Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car, WFSB reported. Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape, authorities said.
Michael Keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" in his third turn hosting "Saturday Night Live" this weekend.
St John paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm on Wednesday, most of them domestics or drunken anti-social behaviour.
Across Lancashire, MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points as Lewis Baker, Will Grigg and Dele Alli were on target in the 3-0 victory over Fleetwood. Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at Rochdale, who have still never beaten the Robins at Spotland.
Britain’s biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses, but after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale. Tesco spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012 .
It was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago, on Thursday, April 12, 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. ROOSEVELT DEAD   With the subhead: Dies at 63 of Hemorrhage in Georgia . He was 63.
A video allegedly showing ISIS militants destroying a historic city in northern Iraq dating back to the 13th century B.C. The seven-minute expertly edited video, purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins, completely obliterating the historic site. Horrified: The attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .
A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man, wielding a meat cleaver. In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor, surrounded by men with guns. The man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed .
Henley and Partners created a Visa Restrictions Index, which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results. 1) Finland . = USA . The score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world, and the number of other countries that their citizens can travel to without having to obtain a visa. Iraq passports, (right), enable citizens to visit 31 countries visa-free .
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650 to replace his current damaged aircraft. Defends private jet appeal: Reverend Creflo Dollar has defended trying to buy a $65million Gulfstream G650 with worshippers' donations by claiming 'the devil is trying to discredit' him . 'The (critics) don't know what we do.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul can understand Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz's frustrations and has vowed there will be 'no surrender' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season . Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo squabble with the McLarens of Fernando Alonso (left) and Jenson Button .
Graeme Finlay leaving Teesside Crown Court today. He is accused of attacking husband and wife Ronald and June Phillips while on board a cruise ship . The couple were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were viciously attacked. There was no disagreement.’ Finlay denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Nasa claims we'll find aliens in the next 10 to 20 years – and now the agency is revving up its efforts to track them down. And it says that amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online. 'Once we get beyond Mars, which formed from the same stuff as Earth, the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low,' he said.
Out of the Chinese swamp, where the Shanghai Circuit was built, and straight into the desert of Bahrain - only in a Formula One World Championship. Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years. It was a dream Ferrari debut for Fernando Alonso who won the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix which used the one-off full endurance version of the Sakhir track.
New life: Mikaela Jane Davidson was welcomed into the world April 4, less than three months after her father, Boston heart surgeon Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead by a deceased patient's son . Vendetta: Accountant Stephen Pasceri (left and right) opened fire on Davidson at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital January 20. The doctor died and Pasceri, a father of four, took his own life after the shooting . She was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting .
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men --  Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev, Akhror Saidakhmetov, and Abror Habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. Those three have pleaded not guilty.
Anthropologists studying the remains of a prehistoric woman nicknamed The Red Lady of El Mirón have found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth. The entrance to the El Mirón Cave (above) is located in the mountainous region of eastern Cantabria in Spain . The Fly agaric (above) is one of the most easily recognised  gill mushrooms which formed the Red Lady's diet .
The Force is back. The cast was appreciative of the welcome. The new "Star Wars" is due out December 18.
But the love between British soldier, Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp's British commander Major Leonard Berney. He played cupid for soldier Norman  and Gena. Major Berney, now 95 and living in retirement, took a personal interest in their unlikely romance, making sure messages to each other reached their destination in the chaos of the post-liberation activity.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash – including where or when it happened – but they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a Russian sub.
Their two children were both thought to have been born at a private hospital in Hong Kong. It is alleged British businessman Nick Cousins, 57, and Filipino Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, never registered the births of Blanca and her 14-year-old sister Carla . Yesterday, some of her friends paid tribute and expressed their shock at her death. Our investigations indicate the girl was unhappy with her life.' 'Our thoughts are with Nick and his family.'
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome, a rare condition which attacks the nervous system. Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
(CNN)April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president.
The broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit.
But it is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins, located in a lake in deepest Siberia, was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago. The fortress is located about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border . The fortress is connected to other land via a small walkway .
As Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites, the anticipation was overwhelming for the family. I get the job!' Ben shouts 'I get it, I get the job!'
In total, Tristan da Cunha is made up of four islands.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads. Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around. They are not allowed to play British Bulldog, they are not allowed to play football.
The Football Association chairman admits his organisation’s response to former West Bromwich Albion striker Jeff Astle’s death aged 59 in 2002, from ‘industrial disease’ linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football, was ‘woefully inadequate’. West Brom paid tribute to  Astle on 'Astle Day', the former Baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due .
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli. It's that Liverpool, through Rodgers, have repeatedly told the press and the fans that there would be no problem and Sterling would sign the new deal. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has always insisted that the Sterling talks would be concluded soon . Liverpool find themselves seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places . He should be grateful to be at such a club.' Sterling should be playing Champions League football - something Liverpool may not offer next season . What's really disappointing is that a young talented player has had to put up with all this criticism. It's classically English I'm afraid. Would it be good advice to turn down that move?
Dino Maglio, who is on trial in Padua, northern Italy, was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday after the girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home. Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill. Maglio was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and €15,000 ($20,000) to her mother, who was travelling with her at the time, the Guardian reports. More than a dozen women have since come forward after finding his profile on the social network and staying at his flat in the picturesque city of Padua in northern Italy .
Austin Carey (bottom) and Jay Rawe (right) were left with broken vertebrae after a base jump off Pennine Bridge in Idaho went wrong and the fall almost killed them, one year on both have returned to the sport . Mr Carey was told he may never walk again after being injured, but he recovered to return to the jump this year .
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test in conditions that suited them. The biggest reason England have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in their attack. The one I would keep an eye on is Mark Wood.
Ivan Rakitic poses alongside his wife Raquel Mauri as the pair enjoy the St George's day celebrations . Rakitic played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona sealed progress to the semi-final of the Champions League with a 5-1 aggregate victory over Paris Saint-Germain thanks to a 2-0 win on Tuesday.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe. The iD network (logo pictured) will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans .
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat after Manchester United's performance in the 1-0 loss at Chelsea. Eden Hazard, pictured with Chelsea team-mate Didier Drogba, scored the only goal of the game .
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday . Manager Brendan Rodgers said that his star striker would be monitored ahead of the semi-final at Wembley .
The militants, who already control large swaths of territory in northern Syria, reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front. If ISIS manage to gain full control of Yarmouk, the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart of the capital as possibly challenge Assad himself.
Identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January. The Morris twins are being investigated for allegedly assaulting Erik Hood at 7:30pm on Saturday, January 24 . Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out'.
Emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of New South Wales as residents in  Victoria and Queensland prepare for a week of colder weather. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
The BBC has been accused of left-wing bias after David Cameron received a hostile reaction while being interviewed on Radio 1, including from host Chris Smith (right) who bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority . Twitter user Calvin Robinson said: 'Wow, that BBC Radio 1 interview of David Cameron is disgusting.
Captured: Clarence David Moore, 66, is seen being wheeled from his home in Frankfort, Kentucky, Monday, after he admitted to being a fugitive who escaped from a North Carolina prison in 1972 . He explained to investigators he has not been able to get medical treatment because he does not have a Social Security card or any other form of identification.
The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. The brawl took place in front of Fat Tuesday, which opened at the food court Friday.
The next morning Miss Garrod, who is originally from Jersey, looked in the mirror and found her eye was swollen. Tests showed she had a corneal abrasion, an ulcer on her eye, caused by bacteria getting under her lens. After she was discharged from hospital she had to learn to use her left eye to take pictures.
Terrified: Emma Jackson, 28, was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour . Aggressive: Mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson . Although ordered to turn his television down, the 28-year-old says Mr Ray's new leaf lasted for just seven days. By now at her wits end, Ms Jackson says every part of her life was suffering.
When Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do, he might have imagined it would involve pranks, costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts. It looked like they had been practising.’ Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds . Unfortunately for the group however, who wore their outfits from 1pm until 7pm, there were repercussions and the men each had sore feet to contend with for the rest of the trip.
The body farm, which would be located in Lithia, is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. Erin Kimmerle, associate professor of anthropology at USF, said that there are more than 500 cold cases in Hillsborough, Pasco and Pinellas counties, and the facility could help change that.
Dash: Prince William faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife's side when she goes into labour . Safety first: Contingency plans have been put in place in case Kate is outside of London when labour starts . Crazy: Preparations for a media pen outside the Lindo Wing ahead of the April 25th birth are underway . Delighted: The couple also revealed their delight at receiving warm wishes from around the world . A spokesman for the couple added yesterday they were touched by the public reaction to the birth of their new baby, who will be fourth in line to the throne.
Sunderland are under pressure to suspend England star Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future, knowing that if they suspend their top scorer he would miss the club’s remaining six games. Adam Johnson leaves Peterlee police station after being charged with three offences of sexual activity .
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor (shown in illustration). A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't .
More to the point, she has also become a much-loved member of the Royal Family, adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen. Close: The Duchess of Cornwall now enjoys a close relationship with the Queen . Enough said.'
Showbiz 411's Roger Friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother. Frank had a vasectomy before that. I don't know whose son Ronan is.' In 2013, Mia Farrow admitted that Frank Sinatra may be the father of her son, instead of Woody Allen.
Fans of the long-running Broadway show need not worry as a new inspired restaurant is opening in Sweden . The musical will include all the ABBA classics from the show, and a couple of ones not featured .
Barca face Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday looking to book a place in the Champions League semi-finals with a 3-1 lead from the first leg in which Suarez struck twice. Suarez (centre) has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona since joining the club this season .
As Gwyneth Paltrow files for divorce from  Chris Martin, the couple whose split made them 'closer than they ever have been' are still confounding their critics by playing nicely. Even if you thought their 'conscious uncoupling' was a load of Goop from Gwyneth, it was a refreshing change from the vicious slanging matches other celebrities engage in after a split.
Clermont are aiming to make amends for last year’s semi-final defeat at the hands of Saracens . Clermont thrashed English champions Northampton in the previous round .
It was surreal, something every kid dreams of doing.’ Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s memorable 3-2 victory over Germany . Saints boss Ronald Koeman, who could take a mean free-kick himself, has given Ward-Prowse some tips . The Southampton youngster battles for the ball against childhood idol and Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard .
Neil Robertson revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game's all-time greats after storming into the second round of the Betfred World Championship. Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked . Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head .
Dusan Bako, who flew into a rage and punched his pregnant girlfriend repeatedly in the stomach, causing her to lose their unborn baby . One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child. Bako was jailed for fours years, eight months at Manchester Crown Court, pictured, after admitting causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium . His team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling FA Cup semi-final. But, as Clarke goes back to the Championship and a home game against Birmingham, he will take strength from this display and use it to inspire his return to the top-flight.
In the video, MacNiven and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan battle friends and in the end escape one very large explosion . The couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television. Awkward: Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April (pictured) and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday .
Kimberly Dianne Richardson, left, was rushed to hospital in Raleigh, North Carolina, but died in the early hours of Sunday. Richardson was six months pregnant and her child - a girl - has safely delivered at a local hospital .
More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday without charges, the state public defender's office said.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. 'Here as tourists, they stepped up,' he added. The Swedish friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway on Wednesday, DNA Info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. We’re no heroes, just tourists,' Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, told the New York Post. The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive, the Post reports.
The wife of legendary cricket commentator, Richie Benaud, has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband. Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. In his recognition, Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling Benaud's death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman.'
The family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the French Alps have paid tribute to their 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff. It is thought Carwyn Scott-Howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine. In a statement released to the Foreign Office, his family described Carwyn as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy' and a 'very competent skier and snowboarder'.
A Perth woman who claimed she cured her cancer using a dietary program where she ate vast amounts of pineapple has pledged to release her medical records after critics questioned claims about her 'magic diet'. She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details . 'All I know is, she's not me, I'm not her. 'I'm not a fraud and I'm not a fake'.
Gary Caldwell has been officially unveiled as the new Wigan Athletic manager at the DW Stadium . Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday following their 2-0 loss to Derby County .
The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species. There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court. He was told he faces jail . Dream home: The award-winning mortgage broker has previously boasted about his £1million hillside home he built in the north Wales countryside (pictured). Now Copeland's double life as a fraudster has emerged .
The Best . Reba McEntire demonstrates how it's done . Taylor Swift's mom makes an appearance .
(CNN)Eternally blooming in Kolkata, India, along the Hooghly River is Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day. Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market for his project "Flower Man," which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services, said Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson. North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on Monday to the custody of Clark County Child Protective Services.
Visit: Michael Slager received a visit at Charleston County Jail on Friday from his pregnant wife and mom . His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. Patrolman Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting Walter Scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. Minutes later he was shot dead .
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open despite the Spaniard's recent struggles. Rafael Nadal is a nine-time champion at Roland Garros and Federer still believes he is the man to beat .
Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million, a fee that City can certain afford. They may look to use other players as bait, but Liverpool are likely to demand a straight cash fee.
Racy: Indianara Carvalho posted the picture of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary on Good Friday . Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, Ms Alende, a Catholic, claimed she had also been asked to do the photoshoot but refused 'out of respect for God and for my family'.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months, while her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher. They content they were unaware of the church's stance against gays when they accepted their jobs.
Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates (picture posed by models) On a date in the 1990s, the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill. They include leaving conversations about the dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook.
The Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data.
They've been one of the biggest highlights of Graceland for 30 years. Memphis City Council agreed yesterday that Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie – named after the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll’s daughter – can be moved from his estate to a site nearby.
Unscrupulous dealers in the UK and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug, which contains a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives, to those desperate to lose weight. The most recent victim of the chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP) is Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, as reported in yesterday’s Mail. She died this month after buying it online to slim down – despite being a normal weight.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation. 'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene. 'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues.'
Murder suspect Robert Durst has sent a bizarre letter, in which he mentions his taste for opera and pro football, to a Los Angeles Times reporter covering his case. Molly Hennessey-Fiske received the letter, which was addressed 'Hiya Holly' from a man purporting to be Robert Durst at a Louisiana state prison . He blamed the lack of football in LA on 'politicos and business leaders' who 'have chosen to fight rather than agree to disagree'. Durst's lawyer Mr DeGuerin told the Los Angeles Times that the handwriting appeared authentic, but  'It certainly doesn’t look like the cadaver letter'.
Piers Morgan called on Arsenal to replace Arsene Wenger (right) with Borussia Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp . 'Klopp would be our Mourinho.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.
PSG star Lucas Moura has lauded Lionel Messi ahead of his side's Champions League encounter . Moura has singled out Messi for special praise ahead of Wednesday night's match at Parc des Princes .
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup. While the sport is in its infancy in the Middle East, the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile, according to Sol Mokdad, the president of UAERL who believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host the World Cup.
Life looks good for Ivan Rakitic and his stunning wife Raquel Mauri as the relax at the beach . Lionel Messi posted a picture on his Instagram account of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son .
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. The water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a West Village convenience store in overhead footage taken at the scene.
Slain: Lee Allan Bonneau was 6 years old when in August 2013 he was attacked by a 10-year-old boy and beaten to death with a rock and a stick . L.T. Because of his young age, 10-year-old L.T. has not been charged with Lee Bonneau's murder. The child had a history of troubling behavior, including a break-in where he killed a pregnant dog and her puppies, which had been cut out of the animal's body. Lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother, Stacey Merk, just two and a half months before his death citing concerns related to his verbal skills and behavioral problems.
Gareth Barry has advised his Everton team-mate Ross Barkley against moving to Manchester City at this young stage of his career. Ross Barkley's rise to stardom has seen him repeatedly linked with Premier League champions Man City .
The US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours. The problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers. Prostate cancer cells. There are currently few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer that has started to spread .
From a man obsessed with looking like Kim Kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face, reality TV’s favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world’s most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong. Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! reality show Botched, which premieres tonight . The doctors will also treat former Baywatch star Nicole Eggert and musician Guillermo Eiland from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, among others, this season.
By then, 147 people were dead and plans were "underway to evacuate students and other affected persons," the Kenya National Disaster Operation Centre tweeted. It's too early to tell what the future now holds for Garissa University College.
There's another one, too: the first secretary of state to become president since James Buchanan. Indeed, given the President's vulnerabilities on foreign policy, she can't afford to be seen as Obama's third term.
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. Steve Esmond (left) and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine (right), and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of St. John. The toxic pesticide that poisoned the family has been found in various locations in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday . Enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by methyl bromide in Puerto Rico.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University. It consists of  a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte. These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch. But the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of lithium-ion technology.
Among the hoard of products – many of which were bought through multi-buy deals – are 20 bottles of mouthwash, 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo, and stacks of dog and cat food, even though Mrs Drew and her husband, 33-year-old plasterer Neil, do not have a pet.
The creative prank was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works . But the stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican Tourism Institute, the presidential palace and the Foreign Ministry. A fake passport control was set up, which even gave out fake stamps for passports . The prank was captured by video but following complaints, the tourism organisers in Ecuador took the video down .
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, at 1.7 per household, followed by laptops (1.3) and tablets (1.2), the YouGov poll of more than 2,000 consumers found. The latest Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report, conducted by PwC, found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion.
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have launched a bid to buy the Championship club. Cellino, who is currently serving a Football League disqualification, said that Leeds' majority shareholder Eleonora Sport was considering the offer.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both. Google vice president Megan Smith left her job to become Obama's chief technology officer . But a Google spokesperson confirmed Thursday on background that company executives has talked with the FTC about unspecified antitrust concerns in the past. Google claimed at the time that it was the result of a computer algorithm, not human intervention. Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton this week hired away a top tech talent from Google for her presidential campaign-in-waiting.
Relegation-threatened Romanian club Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week.
Blaise Matuidi says that PSG are still not ready to win the Champions League and still have work to do . They will probably win the Champions League,' Ibrahimovic admitted.
Carlos Tevez (left) is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season . The Italian side are aiming to beat Monaco on Tuesday in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . They have won the European Cup twice and would dearly love a third. In 2003, Juventus suffered heartbreak in the Champions League final, losing to AC Milan in a penalty shootout .
NYPD officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime (above) and opened fire Wednesday night . No officers were hurt during the incident.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete .
Mr Balls said: ‘The answer… the answer is 42’, before adding: ‘It's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions, so that's the last one I'm going to answer.’ Scroll down for video . During an interview on Good Morning Britain, Labour's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on TV.
With a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort, the Bell 525 Relentless is likely to make some high-flyers seriously happy when it takes to the skies this year. Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
Angelique Kerber of Germany upset three-time defending champion Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 in the second round of the Porsche Grand Prix on Thursday. She will be replaced by Simona Halep of Romania when the rankings are updated on Monday.
The Houston Texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with Reebok .
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front . The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season and United had struggled . Now, manager Louis van Gaal (left) looks set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City on Sunday . Incredibly, given the pattern of this season, they head into Sunday's derby game with Manchester City as slight favourites.
Nothing is sacred in the team. Stokes (left) clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England . He can be feisty and fiery as long as it’s natural but his aggression has to be controlled.
Considering the hoops Lubitz had to jump through to have established himself as a Germanwings co-pilot, it's curious to me how the red flags of his illness were missed. Regardless, the process had to be a stressful experience.
Dozens of protesters were arrested on Thursday at the Mauna Kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction. Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii . Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa, who is native Hawaiian, attended protests and posted pictures of himself thrusting his staff in the direction of current Mauna Kea telescopes .
However, they claimed a 40-13 win over Welsh with tries from Varndell, Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua . Tom Varndell crosses for one of his three tries as Wasps ran out comfortable winners at the Kassam Stadium . Seb Stegmann is tackled by Carlo Festuccia as the exiles put up a fight, but faded away again .
Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in Georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died . Cecily Hamilton, right, and her friend Taylor Swing, left, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below . Two weeks ago White County Commissioners approved a motion to add guardrails, but there is no exact timetable for when the construction will begin.
Ann Price, the popular figure behind the 'Ghetto Burger,' dubbed best burger in America by the Wall Street Journal, has died at the age of 72 . The 'Ghetto Burger' is a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili .
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. But the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth . Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout.
Despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join the Sunni extremist group and starring in their propaganda videos, ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late Iraqi dictator's military. The former Iraqi Army generals' connections with oil smugglers are crucial to ISIS' £2 billion-a-year income . Many of these highly-trained commanders joined the insurgency in the country in the mid-2000s, which was dominated by ISIS who at the time were known by the name Al Qaeda in Iraq.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would 'face hardship' because of Barack Obama's reelection. She then is said to have chased him down with the SUV, driving in circles as he tried to hide behind a light pole, according to the Arizona Republic.
David Cameron has revealed that he and his wife Samantha were 'falling apart' with the pressure of trying to care for their son Ivan after he was born disabled. He died aged six in 2009 .
The two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight . Mayweather is a big fan of the Brad Pitt film . Manny loves his Butterfinger Peanut Butter Cups.
Email DrEllie@mailonsunday.co.uk or write to Health, The Mail on Sunday, 2 Derry Street, London, W8 5TT.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday and were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport, where Kelley was arrested. The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes, Genevieve's former husband and Mary's father. Scott and Mary were taken into custody at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (pictured) on Monday.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. It is so rare only 100 cases have been reported. The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes. Plastic surgeon Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer .
Afobe, who scored 19 goals on loan at MK Dons before joining Wolves from Arsenal in January for £2million, pounced after 50 minutes to cancel out a 21st-minute own goal from Richard Stearman. Wolves striker Benik Afobe volleys home an equaliser for the home side at Molineux to keep them in the Championship play-off hunt .
A Formula One fan was arrested on Friday after he ran across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix. The man scaled the grandstand on the start-finish straight before running across the track during practice . The man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I have got a ticket.'
The first hour-long tour through the NGA's current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', took place on Wednesday night, in a no-frills approach to art led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt. 'Everyone's all in it together, so it's not weird or anything,' said one man who attended the tour. 150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening .
The Britain’s Got Talent judge is presenting a new series on ITV which will highlight the plight of the animals arriving at the RSPCA’s Newbrook Farm Animal Centre in Birmingham.
Together again: Johnny Depp and Amber Heard held hands as they arrived in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time. Putting rumors to rest: The couple, who were both wearing their wedding bands, hadn't been photographed together in more than two months, fueling speculation about the state of their marriage . He returned Down Under Tuesday with his right hand still bandaged with a red bandana. It was entirely dependent on that,' said Michael Singer, a publicist for Jerry Bruckheimer Films as he announced the actor's arrival back in Australia . Rocking and rolling: The Pirates Of The Caribbean star joined Marilyn Manson on  stage at his Brisbane concert last month . 'When the wedding finally happened in February, it had been postponed several times. Trouble in Paradise? Wright shared this snap of the pair on his social media accounts on Friday .
Arsenal players celebrate during the victory over Reading which saw the Gunners reach the FA Cup final . Fabian Delph (centre) is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring against Liverpool at Wembley .
"After developing information that George Davon Kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video of the gang rape, BCSO Investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest," according to a news release. The arrests come after a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club in broad daylight as bystanders watched. CNN is showing part of what was released.
A man has been rescued twice in the same night after falling backwards off a boat dock for a second time when emergency services took their eyes off him. Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again .
The 22-year-old, who was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems, is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move. The  22-year-old has signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio ahead of next season .
The club's vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but he is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract and is yet to sign an extension. Talks over a new deal are well underway and Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week.
The Latin American online fashion retailer signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand .
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen. Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells, her parents told the Mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in her short life. Get your groove on: Audrey's most popular video sees her dancing along to Bruno Mars' hit Uptown Funk (pictured) Shaking her money maker: Audrey's parents are posting videos of Audrey dancing at Zumba class to raise money for the Diamond Blackfan Anemia Foundation; here, Audrey holds a check for $10,000 .
Sheriff Mbye, who died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside a KFC on Friday evening . A second 18-year-old has been arrested today on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death outside a KFC restaurant. It comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder on Friday, with officers being granted more time to question the teenager.
Midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate has warned West Ham must be ready to face a 'wounded animal' at Manchester City on Sunday, but will be ready to inflict more pain on Manuel Pellegrini's men. West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing champions Manchester City on Sunday .
Rob Green trains ahead of QPR's Premier League match against his former club West Ham on Saturday . Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010 . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot .
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville. However, Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
Dnipro midfielder Shakhov slides to his knees in celebration after earning his side a place in the last four . The Dnipro players mob the goalscorer as his effort sends them into the Europa League semi-finals .
Khan feeds a rare white tiger during his time at the American adventure park in California . Earlier this week Khan ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion Chris Algieri on May 30.
Russian Premier League team Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol, the club's fourth racism-related punishment this season. Torpedo are already due to play their next two home games behind closed doors after aiming monkey chants at Zenit St Petersburg during their fixture last month .
Launchbury (left) has been out since October due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck .
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend . A local butcher has poems about the happy couple in the shop window .
Leigh Griffiths (left) fired Celtic into an early lead in their encounter against Inverness . Griffiths (right) celebrates his third minute goal with his Celtic team-mates, but the lead did not last long . ‘Inverness are a good team. ‘They pressed us high and they will try to do that again at Hampden. ‘I think a point was probably fair today.
On the run: Clarence Taylor, 44, remains at large after police in Akron, Ohio ordered his arrest in connected to a bizarre 'faked kidnapping' last fall . Taylor claimed to have been left tied to the tree for several days, despite not showing any signs of dehydration or injuries consistent with being out in the cold and rainy weather for an extended period of time.
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes. British composer Vaughan Williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by George Meredith. It found a wide audience last year when it was played as Hayley, played by Julie Hesmondhalgh, took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering on Coronation Street, following a battle with cancer. 12.
The 24-year-old Liverpool midfielder put pen to paper on Thursday morning on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week that will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020. Jordan Henderson is 'over the moon' after signing a new long-term contract with Liverpool . Henderson is keen to add to his trophy cabinet after winning just one trophy since sealing a move to Liverpool in 2011.
Mary Day, 60, of Swanage in Dorset, used taxpayers' money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa for up to a month each time. But you pleaded guilty to all matters and monies have been repaid.
Leeds United assistant manager Steve Thompson (left) has been suspended by the club . Thompson's suspension has left manager Neil Redfearn considering his future at Elland Road . Leeds sit 13th in the Championship table but were unbeaten in March and take on Blackburn Rovers on Saturday.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash - caused by Lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the French Alps – that they have fled the town and vowed to never return. Kathrin Goldbach, the girlfriend of killer pilot Andreas Lubitz, and her family, including her brother Andreas (pictured left and right), have reportedly fled their home in Montabaur and have no plans to return .
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her four-year-old daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton near Rochdale as her only preference. 'Alice's brothers go to the school.
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday . The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend Wray after his arrest  and then 'voluntarily ceased operations, other than general meetings'. Wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted.
This comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. Detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton  from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested over the incident on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . The robber pulls out what appears to be a fake machine gun from his bag . The staff member handed over a quantity of cash which the robber placed in a bag, along with the fake firearm, and made his exit from the store.
Benik Afobe insists he feels 'unstoppable' as he bids to beat Harry Kane to become the country's top scorer this season. The striker has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Kane.
Despite 'keeping a low profile' Crystal O'Connor and her father Kevin O'Connor went on Fox News on Thursday to discuss their comments and and the backlash they've received. It was revealed on Thursday that the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before. When asked if they'll ever re-open their pizza place Kevin said he initially shut down because he 'couldn't tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders' and said that the phone rang all day and all night. A new Indiana law passed yesterday states that no one has the legal right to 'refuse to offer or provide' goods, services, facilities or employment to anyone in previously protected classes or based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
‘We want to finish the season well. More significant is the development of Hector Bellerin, Francis Coquelin and Nacho Monreal. Spanish defender Hector Bellerin (left) has come on leaps and bounds for the Gunners this season . In the Sky Sports studio, Arsenal legend Thierry Henry questioned the quality of 18-goal striker Olivier Giroud. ‘Wenger has to strengthen,’ said Henry. The Arsenal manager has two more years on what could be his final contract.
He is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to Altrincham-based Mr Kerar - a Section 4A Public Order offence. Successful: Keane, from Hale, Cheshire, enjoyed a trophy-laden career with Manchester United - winning seven league titles.
Robert Charles Bates shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store. Harris, 44, was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when Bates, who was monitoring from afar, ran up 'trying to get the situation under control' and fired one shot.
Luke Shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United giving himself a 'C-' The 19-year-old's campaign has been beset by injuries since joining from Southampton last summer . Van Gaal's men are now looking to record their seventh league win in a row when they travel to table-toppers Chelsea on Saturday evening.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle, Sussex. Pamela Clothier had to retrieve her possessions after she returned from hospital to find her house cleared . The 92-year-old says the worst thing was losing her dog, Mitzy, who was given to a local animal sanctuary .
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball (artist's illustration shown), with no means to escape for 12 months. Inside he’ll have exercise equipment, such as a stationary bike, in addition to supplies for the year such as food and water.
River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao but admit a deal is complicated. The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009 and River Plate are open to Falcao returning.
It's one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the Ministry of Technology in 1967, to promote British industry as a global leader by visiting factories to show films about modernisation. It was owned by the Transport Trust between 1975 and 1990 but after that it sat in a field in Essex for 14 years until it was rescued by a previous owner based in Somerset. In 2005, Ollie Halls and Emma Giffard of the Vintage Mobile Cinema Company bought it for just £1,200 and brought it to Devon, where they carefully restored it with the help of friends. The vehicles originally towed huge exhibition trailers and remarkably the cinema has now been reunited with its trailer - after being separated for 23 years. 'We got a phone call out the blue,' said Ollie.
Moscow (CNN)Never mind. "The decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs." He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit to coincide with Victory Day, marking the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II.
Julian Speroni will be at Crystal Palace for another year at least after triggering a 12-month contract extension . The 35-year-old will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
(CNN)Georgia Southern University was in mourning Thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah. A post commander for the Georgia State Patrol said a tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident on Interstate 16.
Cesc Fabregas arrives late on to convert Eden Hazard's pass and secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road . Didier Drogba, starting in the absence of Diego Costa and Loic Remy, is tackled by Steven Caulker at Loftus Road . Chelsea are masters at this, calling on the pedigree of Hazard, in his 100 appearance in the Premier League, Oscar and the timing of Fabregas to secure this narrow win.
All eyes were on her when she hosted the MTV Movie Awards earlier this month, and Amy Schumer couldn't help but steal some of the spotlight from infamous media-hoggers Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday. The three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City. West was also featured on one-of-five special edition covers for the Thursday April 16 issue, along with Bradley Cooper, journalist Jorge Ramos, Ruth Bader Ginsberg and ballerina Misty Copeland.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring, which belongs to Mr Castillo, while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013, and had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark, who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost. Found: A cousin of Mrs Castillo's (center) messaged Mr Roark to tell him the ring belonged to her relaitve, who had lost it during their honeymoon in February 2013 .
What if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears, and voiced them out loud? 'I hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that,' says one.
QPR's Matt Phillips (left) now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues . Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season, with seven this year . Napoli's Marek Hamsik, Bayer Leverkusen's Gonzalo Castro and Palermo's Franco Vazquez have also made five assists in 2015.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday, and had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane. Taken in: The young man, who has still not been named by police, was charged with assault and public intoxication .
Just sixty four days after the first defence of his IBF belt against Jo Jo Dan, Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on May 30 at the O2 in London. Kell Brook poses outside London's 02 Arena where he will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 . Brook (left) was back in action as he beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield last month .
Michael Shepard, 35, conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter, authorities say. The Tampa Bay Times reports that Shepard, who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998. Dr Karen C. Parker testified on behalf of Shepard at a hearing.
Put your name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it? Then you're not Marleni Olivo, who did exactly that, and in return is getting the new apartment she was asking for, said Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. "Marleni Olivo," Maduro said. But the mango-thrower says she had no evil intent.
Carlo Ancelotti's men meet city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals, in what will be a re-run of last year's final. Fernando Hierro believes that Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season .
Yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families, forced to convert to Islam and repeatedly raped by ISIS fighters, the study from Human Rights Watch says. Of those who managed to escape, many feel suicidal after their traumatic ordeal and need better medical and psychological support, says Human Rights Watch.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR .
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal insists he is not worried about the prospect of his side facing Man City . Van Gaal believes teams that come to Old Trafford looking to scrap for a point are much harder to beat.
The former star of Strictly Come Dancing – who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts – left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix House Hotel, following their wedding at Dunblane Cathedral in the afternoon.
Angels slugger Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged. Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004. Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton. Hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision, according to court records. He will not be disciplined but may not return to the team .
Jeff Schlupp (right) trains with Leicester team-mate Wes Morgan on Thursday but could be rested by the Foxes . West Ham United . Hammers' boss Sam Allardyce believes the game will come too soon for Enner Valencia (toe) but the Ecuadorian is back in training whilst Andy Carroll (knee), James Tomkins (shoulder) and Doneil Henry (hamstring) all miss out. West Ham 2/1 .
This is all the waste she has collected in nearly half a year. Six month's worth of garbage for Shreeves is similar to what the average person generates in half a day. In April of last year, she officially began to live zero waste.
Her outfit made the male leaders’ dark suits seem as old as their arguments.
Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence. To that end, several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal.
Charlie Chaplin, left, married second wife Lita Grey, right, who was nearly 20 years his jounior, in 1924 and the union lasted for just three years . The divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer in Plymouth .
Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives. Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low. When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. But marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent. The survey results were based on landline and cellphone interviews conducted from January 2 to March 31 with a random sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Saturday, Whittington posted bail. WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face.
She's a high school freshman with Down syndrome. Trina Helson, a teacher at Eastern, alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of Trey and Ellie on Twitter that have gone viral.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children due to their personal beliefs may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes, as conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits. However, people who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs are able to apply for an exemption – meaning they can still access the payments without immunising their children.
Mr Farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in Thanet South. A private poll, paid for by a Ukip donor but carried out by experts ComRes put the Conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin. UKIP MEP Diane James (right) has insisted the party would carry on if Nigel Farage failed to become an MP . 'We've got a very, very high-calibre of individuals within Ukip… There are people there waiting.
A radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the Conservatives win the election. Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood. He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad. Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign .
Norway has announced that it will be the the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal. The Norwegian Ministry of Culture estimates that the switch to digital radio could save £17 million a year (NOK 200 million). Growing numbers of car stereos now come with digital radio as standard, leading to a drop in FM listeners .
Beaten FA Cup semi-finalists Reading lost again as they were defeated by Birmingham in a scrappy Sky Bet Championship game at the Madejski Stadium on Wednesday night. Birmingham continued to sit back, inviting the pressure. And the visitors broke the deadlock in the 83rd minute.
Prosecutor Scott Morrison said the British sailors were there after playing in a hockey tournament with Canadian Armed Forces. The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
The 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming and could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty. The fact the football club aren’t doing so sends a very poor message.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna . There is even a heated pool with a retractable roof, under which we spent a memorable afternoon sheltering from a thunderstorm that rolled in from the Pyrenees. A little further afield was the stunning port of Collioure, once a magnet for artists including Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso.
Crystal O'Connor (above), owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . She has closed her store (above), but said she will reopen again and $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days . O'Connor said in a recent interview with Neil Cavuto (above) of the money raised; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him' Meanwhile the NCAA has voiced their concern with Indiana's new law. Also on Saturday, openly gay basketball stars Jason Collins and Derrick Gordon (above) arrived for the NCAA Final Four in Indianapolis .
Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Raheem Sterling will be going nowhere this summer and that he is 'relaxed' about the star's stalled contract talks. The Liverpool manager was reacting after the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club, fuelling speculation that he could leave Anfield this summer. Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold .
(CNN)It is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the Hillary Clinton camp prelaunch: How do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot? Short shrift, it seems to me.)
He tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran. TV presenter Richard Wilkins is rarely overcome with emotion despite working in the industry for almost 30 years but broke down as he retraced his grandfather's footsteps in Gallipoli .
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight, and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result. Defeat: Thomas Buckett, 21, faces a huge legal bill after unsuccessfully suing Staffordshire County Council . Injuries: Mr Buckett had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of a school after breaking in to the tuck shop and stealing food and drink .
Danny Higginbotham (right) gave struggling Sunderland the lead during the game on December 15, 2007 . In his new autobiography Rise Of The Underdog: My Life Inside Football, Higginbotham - who scored in Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Villa that day - describes Keane's attempt to motivate his players. 'Basically you're s***. Higginbotham (right), pictured in action against Manchester City, played under Keane for a season . You're not good enough," he bawls at others.
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster whose followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo, which he says is equivalent to Muslim women being pictured in hijabs. The father-of-one has already been turned down once by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish at the site. A Scientology-back real estate company bought Trout Run for $4.85million in 2013, and has been trying to change its land designation so that it can build a center that uses saunas and vitamin therapy for addicts . doses of the vitamin Niacin. to discount Narconon due to its connection with Scientology.
But this weekend, just a few miles down the road, Iran's leaders were celebrating their war machine as the military held its annual National Army Day parade. But in another apparent softening of rhetoric, a top military official said he hopes that the animosity between Iran and America will fade.
Jury deliberations began Tuesday. The trial has involved a complicated cast of characters, including two sisters who played important roles in the lives of Hernandez and Lloyd . Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez .
Figures released by the Electoral Commission revealed that Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions. Conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign, with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds.
On Monday, shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. Bailey: "I would say that the theater shooting is life-changing, but I don't think it defines me."
Manager Micky Adams has left Tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play. Fans of the League Two side called for Adams to leave the club after their 3-0 loss on Saturday afternoon .
She hailed the new study, describing the findings as 'spectacular'. The latest research, by the Department of Urology at the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan, involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without .
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock (shown). He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
The smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball. Nathaly was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. Nathaly's caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track.
Michelle O'Clee, 39 (pictured), said her bigamist husband's  'extraordinary lies' were like something from a John Grisham thriller. Michelle turned to close friend Myleene Klass (right) for support after discovering the truth behind O'Clee's (left) tangled web of deceit. ‘He was always vague.
David Cameron (pictured) said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain . David Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of the UK's job growth now benefits British citizens . If I am Prime Minister after May 7 I will see through this serious, sustained attempt to control immigration long-term.
Sudden death: Jared Quirk, right with his mother and brother, died on Friday in Athens, Greece, while walking with friends. It was the third day of the trip. School: Pictured is Rockland High School in Rockland, Massachusetts, where all three were students .
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
Each August, junior doctors with two years experience after medical school begin training as either a GP or a hospital doctor. This year, 29 per cent of GP trainee places remain unfilled, at a time when there is already a shortage of doctors. He added junior doctors are opting to become hospital doctors instead of GPs as they fear they will be overburdened by work as a family doctor.
'Of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on Loose Women this afternoon. Earlier today, Jamelia appeared on Good Morning Britain to say that she was sorry for upsetting people. 'I'm so disappointed with Jamelia's comments on Loose Women today. NOT.
(CNN)Recently, Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. Are sterilization plea deals morally right?
The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. The harrowing attack comes just months after Al-Shabaab militants murdered non-Muslim workers in a Kenyan quarry. It has also recruited some Americans, particularly from the Somali-American community in Minnesota.
Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.' In the series Martin Short plays a dermatologist called Dr Grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin – almost a mirror image of Dr Brandt. Brandt was highly regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry, with high-profile stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa.
Suspended: Marilyn Zuniga (left), a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey (right), controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison. Zuniga will remain suspended without pay until the investigation is completed, the superintendent said. His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012 .
More than 300 fishermen emerged from trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents and taken to Indonesia, where they were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay.
Age is nothing but a number: Hillary Clinton who has launched her campaign to be US president (pictured above, speaking at the Women in the World Conference on April 23) will be 69 when she takes office if successful . Doting...but could Hillary's recent status as a grandmother be a powerful tool in her bid to win votes? The hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest used on Hillary's Twitter page has attracted other grandmothers to post their own posts using it . ANNA WINTOUR . DAME JUDI DENCH . NANCY PELOSI . DILMA ROUSSEFF .
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The report states: 'Recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others. Medication containing cannabinoids, from marijuana, is licensed to treat MS - pictured on a brain scan - patients in both the US and UK .
Leeds showed they are in good shape to cope with Kevin Sinfield's retirement as they claimed a 26-12 derby victory over Castleford in front of a sell-out crowd at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle. Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield sat out during the week he announced he was switching codes .
Manchester Airport bosses are investigating after passengers on a Ryanair flight were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked. Passengers from the delayed Ryanair flight from Madrid to Manchester were able to simply walk past empty security cubicles . A Manchester Airport spokesman said it is the responsibility of the airline's handling agent to notify UK Border Force about arrivals from outside of the UK .
Authorities say police officers shot and killed a suburban St. Louis black man after he charged at them with a knife. The mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"'according to police. Dead: Thaddeus McCarroll, pictured in 2012, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife .
Manuel Pellegrini has insisted he is not impressed by United's rise up the table. Pellegrini feels that Juan Mata (left) and Ander Herrera are top players and central to United's run of form . City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and travel to Old Trafford on Sunday .
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. A newly-built mansion that was constructed on the site of a former milking parlour in Mayfair has gone on the market for £25million . It was built in 2011 after developers knocked down the original structure .
Firefighters believe that when Leo was hunting for food he knocked one of the cooker's knobs, turning the rings on. The blaze damaged one third of the ground floor of the property and Leo's family have been left surviving on sandwiches.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says the tattoos, which were done when she was 24, have turned her into a jobless recluse. 'Until they are removed, I won’t be able to find a job and will be stuck on benefits,' says Miss Bennett, who resigned from her last role because she felt 'left out' by colleagues, and is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her to have laser removal. 'I’ve applied for 40 jobs in the last year alone.
John Howard, 66, from Canterbury, Kent, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy. Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court today .
Latoya Tilson, 33, took out a .25-caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in College Park, Georgia, on Saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone, police said. But while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, another hit Tilson's 15-year-old son, Pierre, in the head. Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his  sister, 13, from the other boy. Shooting" The teenager was rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head. And she will likely face a number of upgraded charges.
Those studying at Goldsmiths, University of London, were invited to the students’ union meeting to discuss ‘diversifying the curriculum’. Bahar Mustafa, student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London, sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a 'diversity' meeting .
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting  Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. Jurors could be sent to deliberate as early as next week. Decision: The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict .
In total, 272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months, according to data from the official Health and Social Care Information Centre. But the actual number affected by their mother' s drinking could be far greater, experts have warned. That equates to about 7,500 every year.
Ousman Jatta, 45, married wife Beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the UK with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006. Mr Jatta, who is his wife's carer, had taken her to a care home in February while he returned to Africa for three weeks. Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife, who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband.
Grass' novel characters are the forgotten, the downtrodden and the weird, the Nobel committee said. In his later years, he became known for his continuing critique of human history in the 20th century -- and of current events.
World No 5 Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star Watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game on Monday in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000. Long process: Three years ago, in the spring of 2012, Pickard China, of Antioch, Illinois, was brought in to consult on the project. The Obama state china service was paid for with money from a private fund that is used to buy fine and decorative arts for the White House and is administered by the White House Historical Association.
Stefan Johansen has been in terrific form for Celtic this season and has impressed during his first campaign . Ronny Deila's side went eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table with a 3-0 away win at Dundee United on Sunday, courtesy of a Leigh Griffiths hat-trick.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged on a trip to Japan . The couple met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto . The sprint king previously dated fellow swimmer Stephanie Rice for two years before the couple split prior to the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after Liverpool were dumped out of the FA Cup . Arsene Wenger has spent £183m, comparatively little, but managed to win two trophies over the past two seasons. Analysis by Sportsmail indicates that he has signed 22 players during his tenure, but only seven of those can be considered a success at this current time. VERDICT: HIT .
A 42-year-old high school teacher in Georgia turned herself in to police on Tuesday to face charges of sleeping with three of her male students. Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas. Big stones: Hail the size of baseballs battered Missouri, Kentucky and Kansas earlier Wednesday and threatened to do more damage Wednesday night and into Thursday.
Benzema (right) has scored 20 goals, in all competitions, for Real Madrid this season .
Genetic analysis of the bones (above) of ‘Altamura Man’, found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy, has revealed that they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago . If they manage to sequence the DNA, they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids in general and the early history of the Neanderthal.
John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against Liverpool . Rolando Aarons (left) and Siem de Jong are back in training but won't be available for Monday night .
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. 'My friend did have a staph infection on her face and I was using her brush just before. Ms Gilchrist was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again and would be confined to a wheelchair.
The EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent - but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions. If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed 'sky art'.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo . The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona .
Former world champion Broner is pictured with New York-based 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday that was taken at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn on Saturday night. Danny Garcia won a controversial majority decision over Lamont Peterson before being called out by Broner . Garcia puts Peterson on his back briefly in the 11th round of their Premier Boxing Champions bout .
With the hearing scheduled to be held next Friday, it means Hughes can not be reprieved in time to face the reigning European champions in Toulon this weekend. Wasps are set to appeal the three-match ban handed to No 8 Nathan Hughes for knocking out George North .
It states that booze 'mimics' how a person's body 'demonstrates it is healthy and attractive to attract potential mates' and that facial flushing is perceived by others as 'healthy and attractive'. In a previous study last year, again at the University of Bristol, it was found that 'beer goggles' - in which booze makes others seems more attractive - was a proven phenomena.
Petra Kvitova comfortably beat Caroline Garcia to send the Czech Republic into the Fed Cup final . The Czechs will face Germany or Russia in the final in November with a chance of winning their fourth title in five years.
Societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity, according to new research. The study uncovered a link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy.
Bayern Munich have joined Manchester United and Liverpool in the race to sign Memphis Depay. The 21-year-old Dutch international has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success this season. CLICK HERE to read Sportsmail's full background article on Memphis Depay.
Breaking Bad: Cheryl Heineman (left), 45, a third-grade teacher from Florida, is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover, Jack Lindsey (right) Hauled off to jail: Heineman was arrested Wednesday outside Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee, where she's worked since 2005 . Wife and mother: Heineman is married (pictured here with her husband) and has three sons .
The 21-year-old, who became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the drab goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday, still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party. Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League this season .
Smith declines his choice to review the decision with HotSpot not available in this Test series . Jordan celebrates his first wicket of this match, Devon Smith, as the West Indies went to lunch 36 for two . Kraigg Brathwaite is first to fall as James Anderson bowls the West Indies opener with a massive in-swinger .
The London Mayor, who appeared alongside Mr Miliband on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, launched a furious personal assault on his rival - with their encounter descending into a furious shouting match. Before Mr Johnson could speak, Mr Miliband said: ‘He doesn’t believe it. Come on, Boris, you are better than that.’ But the London Mayor replied: ‘I am not saying that your brother had to present himself at A&E with a dagger in his back.
Harry Kane's prolific form for Tottenham has seen him nominated for PFA Player of the Year . Eden Hazard - Chelsea . Diego Costa - Chelsea . Alexis Sanchez - Arsenal . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool . David de Gea - Manchester United .
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . ‘I'm not interested in what the Premier League thinks of me,’ said Klopp.
A mouse called Ventus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. It costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has promised not leave Southampton this summer for a bigger club . The former Saints boss is unlikely to receive a particularly warm welcome at St Mary's after jumping ship - something Koeman has told fans he would not do this summer. Not with Real Madrid. It is good to stay and to be the manager of Southampton.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died in what Spanish police have described as an 'accidental drowning'. Friends and loved ones have also left emotional tributes to Logan on his Facebook page.
Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh, who fled to join the Islamic State, is still allowed to practice medicine in Australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join the terrorist cult . The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'. It has emerged Dr Kamleh has claimed he had unprotected sex with a Royal Adelaide Hospital patient who was a former sex worker and intravenous drug user after he checked her medical records, according to The Australian.
A woman who allegedly dumped her quadriplegic son in the woods so she could spend the week with her out-of-state boyfriend is now facing an attempted murder charge, police have said. Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals. The son was in stable condition at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia on Monday after being treated for dehydration, malnutrition and abrasions, Walker said.
It was originally rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes (above) in November 1915 . They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died. Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda,  is in charge of selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Hayley Grimes, 42 (pictured with granddaughter Roxanne) found Baby Peter's body in Norfolk in 1988 and was accused of being his mother . 'I think it was because I was so desperate to get it a proper grave. 'The image of that baby has definitely stayed with me all my life and I still feel quite angry about the whole thing. The boy's body was exhumed by officers as part of a case review, with DNA samples leading police to the boy's mother.
(CNN)Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3." The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" in the sequel, which is being directed by Joseph Kosinski.
Seven points split Sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th as the battle for Premier League survival heats up . Aston Villa . On goal difference. QPR . Burnley . Leicester .
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. On April 27, Gupta attended a match on Roosevelt Island, during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall.
Police say an inebriated Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. Police pulled over the car not too far from the gas station.
Some supervisors at the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office were told to forge Reserve Deputy Robert Bates' training records, and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the Tulsa World newspaper reported. But an Arizona official told CNN Bates never trained with the agency. "He met every requirement, and all he did was give of himself."
City boss Manuel Pellegrini has been hampered over the past year by UEFA restricting them to a net transfer spend of £49million in each window and keeping the club’s overall wage bill to its current level of £205million-a-year. Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the financial restrictions imposed by UEFA for a breach of FFP rules will be lifted at the end of this season .
Police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff (picture posed by model) It meant that, while young girls suffered heinous abuse at the hands of sex gangs in Sheffield and Rotherham, top brass could have had a perverse incentive to instruct their staff to look elsewhere.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini witnessed his side limp to a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace . Pellegrini believes that Palace's first goal, scored by stirker Glenn Murray, was clearly offside . Puncheon's goal proved decisive for Palace, who are now up to 11th in the Premier League table . Yaya Toure scored a consolation goal for City as they lost more ground on league leaders Chelsea . ‘It’s a great night for us, fabulous for the club.
The stomach-churning vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors. The one megawatt electric race car is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb (pictured) in Colorado Springs. Peak power 1020 kW / peak torque 2160 Nm .
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area, but parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there. in total there have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 - alarmingly 16 in the past week - compared to 113 last year.
(CNN)Boston native Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed, Deadline reported Wednesday. Wahlberg is also a producer of the film.
Veteran full-back Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months at home to Everton in the early Barclays Premier League kick-off on Saturday afternoon. Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month. Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton's trip to Swansea City with a hamstring injury .
Evolution: The new 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (pictured) is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 . GOOD .
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air. Officers yelled at South to put down the gun when they arrived on scene, but instead he pointed it at them before turning it on himself . The incident, in which shots were fired by both the police and South, occurred outside a middle school at about 8pm on Wednesday .
As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final, earning a six-month ban.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it's bigger than Israel . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . In total, the stations cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. In the video posted on April 20 by California Innocence Project, Hanline is seen on the day of his release on November 24, 2014 as he walks out to a cheering crowd . On Twitter, Carl's Jr announced on Thursday they were giving him a year of free burgers.
When Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend, it was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans. The singers did not refer to themselves as Destiny's Child . Their 2005 Destiny Fulfilled tour grossed approximately $70.8 million in the U.S. alone and according to Billboard it was the highest-grossing tour for either a pop or R&B band since TLC's FanMail Tour.
A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of Qantas pilots. Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant (centre) will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. Qantas Chief Pilot Richard Tobiano said comfort and durability were important to pilots, who spend up to 16 hours in the cockpit at a time.
Specialist clean-up crews are on hand to cleanse these 'lonely death' apartments . In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65. Looser family bonds also play a role in their isolation .
An 18-year-old student who stripped naked and ran through the streets of Byron Bay to win a free kebab has been labelled a 'goose' in court. The prank backfired when he accidentally ran 'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson. Coming second in the survey of Australia’s Most Attractive Employer is national public broadcaster the ABC – confirming a TV career is still high on the list of many people’s dream jobs. In eleventh place was a career with the Australian Federal Police .
Google has already developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online.
Bloody Sunday: Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument. The woman was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face during her arrest Sunday .
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother’s home in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday.
It is the first time that Princess Leonor, 9, and Princess Sofia, 7, have been spotted at a public engagement for several months; they are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
Ronny Deila hailed ultimate impact sub Leigh Griffiths for his hat-trick performance in Celtic’s comeback Premiership win over Kilmarnock. Ronny Deila celebrates after Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock at Parkhead on Wednesday . Wednesday’s win took Celtic eight points clear with six games remaining. Substitute Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after lacklustre first-half .
Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam left Stamford Bridge with mixed feelings after scoring one of the best goals of the Premier League era in the defeat to Chelsea. Courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former Liverpool man the goal of his career. Scottish international Adam shot from inside his own half after seeing keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line .
early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, . is roughly 3.7 million years old. Australopithecus prometheus, lived at roughly the same time as . Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous . fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia. question of how many other species there may have been which .
Adi Viveash's Chelsea U19s side stormed into the UEFA Youth League final following a 4-0 mauling of Roma in the semis. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
The ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ‘shrinkflation’. Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11 grams – the equivalent of two chocolate Fingers – to a weight of 114g. While the popular biscuits carry the Cadbury brand, they are actually made under licence by another manufacturer, Burton’s Biscuit Company, which is responsible for the changes. The price at Sainsbury’s has risen from £1 to £1.50 over the past year, however it has come down from £1 to 80p at Tesco, according to figures from the MySupermarket website.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her . He said that if I help him, he will help me through my application but if I f*** with him...' She then said 'excuse me' to the jury before continuing his sentence adding that he said 'he will f*** with me'.
Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu, currently on loan at Stuttgart, predicts the scores for the weekend's matches .
The Prime Minister, already a father of four, later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies. David Cameron and his wife Samantha relax in Downing Street by watching Channel Four hit Gogglebox, the pair have admitted. Mrs Cameron agreed: 'We are definitely not.' Mr Cameron chipped in: 'That's another story, darling… But anyway.
This is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography. Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail. Defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions.
None of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps in Nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls, a high-ranking Nigerian army official said.
A dancer and photographer has captured her transition back into her childhood home after living more than a decade away on her own through a series of images. In a project about the complexity of family dynamics,  Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation, both metaphoric and literal, as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be while refusing to accept the woman she has become. Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
House prices across the UK will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace, forecasts show. London will fare the worst, with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year, it is claimed. It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital. Economists said that the housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ last year and would assume a much more leisurely pace in 2015.
The word is the Chilean’s future will be decided come May when the dust on a creaking season has settled. Manuel Pellegrini (centre) is a man under-pressure at City and a defeat to their rivals is unthinkable . These two love the Manchester derby. Wayne Rooney (left) and Sergio Aguero are two of the best forwards in the current Premier League .
The Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of the Hatton Garden raiders 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves. Speaking to Radio 4's Today programme this morning, former Flying Squad chief John O'Connor said: 'I've never heard of anything like this.
Putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon. These sessions are live and can go on and on. In 2013, it was a record-setting four hours and 47 minutes.
"This framework would cut off every pathway that Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon." It was tough, very intense at times, sometimes emotional and confrontational. "Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb.
Yet they could achieve European qualification regardless of where they end up in the Premier League by finishing top of the Fair Play table. Allardyce led Bolton Wanderers into UEFA Cup qualification for the first time in the club's history in 2005, and knows first hand how it can attract players in the transfer market.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas - around four miles from where he attended school at McKinney Boyd High - on Thursday. Police, who were on the scene at 7am, have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound. Some friends reported that he had been bullied .
Terri Hernandez (above) is opening up about the bond she shared with Ursula Lloyd during her son's murder trial . Lloyd (above) refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder .
The casting request even gives details of the 33-year-old’s head and wrist circumferences. The hopeful extra must not have tattoos or body piercings and must be prepared to cut her hair into a messy bob, just like Miss Miller’s. Previous adverts for the brand have featured fellow Hollywood actress Keira Knightley and models Claudia Schiffer, Cindy Crawford and Agyness Deyn.
Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard's car had a flat tyre. She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie . It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a 'fixer'.
Fabregas, who left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011, has been enjoying an impressive return to English football in the blue of Chelsea, leaving some Gunners fans questioning why his image still adorns the stadium's Ken Friar Bridge. Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari (left) insists that the flag should be taken down . It's a disgrace. I think Cesc is wrong.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. And contrary to popular opinion, the tattoo enthusiast said the his dramatic face ink has not affected his ability to find work.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa, it was announced on Wednesday. More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since Hall of Famer and two-time NBA champion Hakeem Olajuwon was drafted in 1984.
A woman died instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak Crescent train in Meridian, Mississippi (stock image) The coroner said the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound Amtrak Crescent.
The ten houses in Australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. A recent report, released by SQM Research, found the properties across the country which haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years. Among them includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent, the Property Observer reports. The historic nine-bedroom property has since reduced its asking price to $995,000 .
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river. With several years of fishing and hunting, Ms Gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location.
Charlie Patino, 11, and his family must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham . Like Jack, he is a midfielder. Charlie, pictured with his sister Lily and dog Truffles, would cost £10,000 and is a season ticket holder at Luton . 11-year-old analyses Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona . He trains six hours a week, spending more than 10 hours a week at Luton (pictured Kenilworth Road) The Patino family have already visited the training grounds of Tottenham, Arsenal and Chelsea with their son, listening to the sales pitches and making it clear that they will take their time.
Singe mother-of-five Clare Van Santen, 37, (back of image) is currently battling terminal breast cancer. The Perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child, Elijah, now aged nine . After her initial diagnosis, the Perth woman learned in October 2013 her cancer had spread to her liver, and she also had a small amount in one of her shoulders. She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses .
Mikel Gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper Geronimo Rulli who fails to punch it away . Atletico Madrid celebrate after going two goals ahead after just 10 minutes, killing the match as a contest .
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15, so businesses can plan holiday rotas in advance and allow the travel industry to better prepare for the summer season. In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
He added: 'You never look as ugly as you do in a selfie.' Mr Fremaux, director of Cannes, said he could not ban the pictures, but said celebrities will be discouraged from taking them .
Bold move: Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive . While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified to People on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover. A family source told TMZ: 'They have no idea where Bobby Brown is getting his information that Bobbi Kristina is awake, not do they know why Tina said she's awake and no longer on life support.' 'She has made it out of ICU, opened her eyes, and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard. Bobbi Kristina's mother Whitney was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11, 2012.
Held: Craig Stoner, 24, (left) and Darren Smalley, 35, (right) are being held by military police in Canada . Military police seized bedding, clothing and electronic devices such as mobile phones, laptops and iPads belonging to the men. The day after the alleged attack he said he was at the city's harbour. Military base: An aerial view of the Shearwater military base where four British sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian .
A heartbroken Sydney man has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . l DIDN'T DO IT,' he wrote on his Twitter page. Mr Munday has tweeted 135 love notes dedicated to Melissa.
Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show, but online she is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. All in a day's work: Dermatologist Dr Sandra Lee, who known as Dr Pimple Popper online, shares videos of herself extracting her patients zits on her popular YouTube channel .
Former Chelsea midfielder Essien had a Range Rover Vogue stolen from outside his property in Surrey . Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour on the same day.
Seven years ago, Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.
The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in Las Vegas. It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road, with the MGM Grand and 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign visible in the background.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes. He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. The cows appear to be transfixed as they stand rooted to the spot, as if hypnotised by the music .
The exclusive Golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, Callaway XR 3 Wood, Callaway XR Hybrid and a set of Callaway XR Irons. Golfbidder.
In 2009, Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case after its then-chairman Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash. When the scam made headlines, Satyam, which means "truth" in Sanskrit, was India's fourth-largest software services provider.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page. The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire.
Emmanuel Adebayor (left) could be allowed to leave the club on a free transfer in the summer . Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages .
The cost of beauty: Women often don't realize the dangers of salon treatments before sitting in the styling chair . A-listers like Beyonce, Paris Hilton, and Selena Gomez all sport weaves and extensions, but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person. Good hair day: Jennifer Aniston (left) and Sandra Bullock (right) have the top two favorite celebrity hairstyles .
The far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. 'You cannot mix nations. I don't have black friends. He tells them: 'We look different. 'They have thick lips. We have thin lips.
Smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press. Dustin Smith, a 21-year-old gay man who lives in Bismarck, recognized Boehning as Grindr user Top Man! Boehning claims he was blackmailed by a Capitol employee just before his most recent vote against a gay rights bill.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from kidney failure complications . Kirkland, who founded Kirkland's home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966, donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee. A memorial service is scheduled for Wednesday at Discovery Park, which will be closed to the general public on that day.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and the late Muammar Gaddafi's cousin . The most senior member of the Gaddafi clan has laid the blame of the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the western countries which helped overthrow Colonel Gaddafi. But senior Conservative minister William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator, who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of the would-be migrants.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on Saturday. Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years, according to the Dallas Morning News.
A 57-year-old man in Texas was jailed this weekend after nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn came back to haunt him. Yoes, an electrician at Tarrant County College, was shocked when he received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $1,700 and that there was a warrant out for his arrest. Yoes turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine to secure his release. In an interview with WFAA, Yoes claims he never got any letters from the city for the citations.
Agger is involved in another physical battle during Brondby's goalless draw with FC Copenhagen .
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Under investigation: The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified . There were no injuries reported.
Casually dressed, the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes, cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker. Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . A video then emerged showing him passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide – otherwise known as ‘laughing gas’ or ‘hippy crack’. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities .
'Because I've realised it is possible to be business-like with them. Cable is also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with Labour. But he 'envisages' remaining in a government led by Cameron, not Miliband.
Tragic murder: Keltsie Gerlach was found in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl (right) was sleeping in the next room . The baby was taken by the Division of Child and Family Services. Spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at Elder County Jail.
If Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said. KSNV reports the couple are the parents of the dead child. She had taken the baby to Sunrise Hospital.
The Georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto a chess analysis app, the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said. But after looking into the bathroom stall he visited, they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in November last year over sale of the home in Bayswater, West London. The £1million house in Clarendon Mews, Bayswater, which the group had tried to sell from under owner Georgina Bagnall-Oakley's nose .
Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany this weekend . Schumacher Junior is pictured in the team garage ahead of the first race of the season on Saturday . Seven-time Formula One champion Michael is recovering after suffering a serious head injury in a skiing accident in December 2013.
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory. A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans at the end of the game on April 3 .
The gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
A host of international footballers past and present took to social media on Thursday to celebrate St George's Day. Recently called-up Spurs striker Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie, his face painted with the St George's cross.
AP McCoy celebrates after winning the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday . McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory as he prepares for his final Grand National on Saturday .
Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch . Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry (centre) will not be allowed to appear on Channel 4's racing coverage . Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the women’s Boat Race on BBC.
Instead of the brake, I pressed down on the accelerator.' Instead, they had to be invited by the Italian company to hand over their cash. Only 599 of the Ferrari 599 GTO model were built, which is the manufacturer's fastest ever road car .
Audrey Pekin has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a Christmas holiday to Bali with her family . 'He went from a man to a monster,' Ms Pekin said. Henry Alafu is the man the Pekin family believed attacked their daughter .
Professional model Emily, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid £100 an hour - but it's unlikely you've seen her face . She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
The man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet when he was bitten, according to ABC affiliate WPBF-TVin West Palm Beach. Palm Beach County Fire Rescue Battalion Chief John Vanek told WPBF that the victim was bitten on the head but was conscious when he was flown to the hospital.
A six-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school. According to the girl's mother school officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, and she says she has now had to move the girl to a new school (posed by model) The mother said she has now been forced to move her daughter, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, to another school.
Bath Abbey (pictured) could have the world's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains. Waste water currently filters out to the River Avon but could be put to use under the new scheme . Some 850,000 litres of spring water which usually filters through to the River Avon will be used to heat the Abbey. An illustration of the city from above is shown .
Anti-Semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year, with the highest number of incidents occurring in France, an annual study has revealed. Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014, after 95 a year earlier. In January this year, four hostages were killed in a Paris kosher supermarket in an anti-Semitic attack .
Summer pictured volunteering in South Africa. And while they are heartbroken over their daughter's death, her parents say they take great comfort from the fact that she died doing something she loved.
The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York, according to Les Photographes. Her East Village apartment faced a police station's 'recreation room', where officers, still in uniform, would play table tennis. The scenes in which her metropolis photos are set are found across the world, including Las Vegas, New York, Moscow, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai and Tokyo.
PGA Tour star Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a 'gold digger.' Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
The Queen was today joined by her husband the Duke of Edinburgh as she met the Canadian Highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the First World War.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover. Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.
Keane would probably feel Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself. In truth, the only issue right now is how he is choosing to go about getting what he wants. Just as they should realise that switching to a club like Manchester City might not be the smartest move at this stage of his development.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years.' Former police sergeant William Mudd (above) said he was getting his dogs welfare in one email as they are 'mixed in color, unemployed, lazy, can't speak English, and have no frigging clues who their Daddies are' One email, sent by city clerk Mary Ann Twitty to Captain Henke and former police sergeant William Mudd, and obtained by the Washington Post, shows President Ronald Reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle. Twitty also sent an email that showed a group of tribespeople in costumes dancing with the subject line 'Simply Beautiful,' and wrote; 'Michelle Obama's high school reunion.' A black woman in New Orleans was admitted into the hospital [for] pregnancy termination.
Prime Minister David Cameron, pictured, used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Cornwall . Mr Cameron travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train. Mr Cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children or Mrs Cameron nudging him in the ribs .
Tim Bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with LV= County Championship holders Yorkshire could help him make a case for an England Test recall. The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14 . Bresnan did take a step towards that good start on Wednesday, when he reached 400 first-class wickets during Yorkshire's game against Leeds-Bradford MCCU at Headingley.
(CNN)The last three defendants prosecuted in the hazing death of Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion were convicted Friday of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death, reported CNN affiliate WFTV.
Singer Miley Cyrus this week shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention - and leaving her underarms unshaved . It's rarely considered an attractive feature, but hair on your toes could be a sign that your circulation is in good working order. Leaving underarm hair intact may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partne .
Attempted murder: Porche Wright is accused of setting her seven-year-old daughter on fire . Wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution, disorderly conduct, and domestic violence.
Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., was arrested on Wednesday, according to police. David Messerschmitt (pictured with his wife Kim) was found dead in his DC hotel room in February. A computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the scene . Police sources told NBC Washington that the woman in the video is Gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a 'sexual encounter'. Gallmon's mother spoke to NBC and said that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia. 'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' Tapia said at the sentencing.
Chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . They need look no further than this win against Stoke as the answer presents itself in the form of Loic Remy and, of course, Eden Hazard. Costa looks in pain after pulling up at Stamford Bridge during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City .
The study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired. However, the number of hours they did each day only dropped to 6.1 after their husbands retired.
Villa skipper Delph set up Christian Benteke's equaliser after Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the Reds and then rounded off a superb afternoon by sweeping home nine minutes into the second half to secure a 2-1 victory. Delph's strike means that Tim Sherwood's charges will return to Wembley to face holders Arsenal in next month's showpiece and the former Leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true. Fabian Delph fires past Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet to book Aston Villa's place in the FA Cup final .
According to official sources Thomaz Alckmin, son of Geraldo Alckmin, the city governor, was one of the victims after the aircraft came down in a residential neighborhood, . The crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo at around 5.20pm local time yesterday.
QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident which happened as Chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in Sunday's 1-0 victory. QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
Craig Bryson celebrates after scoring the opening goal as early as the third minute . Tom Ince scored Derby's second goal of the night against his former side at the iPro Stadium . Bent rifles a penalty into the top corner in the second half to add Derby's fourth goal and his second .
Experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers .
The video concludes with the filmmaker continuing to record the birds as they circle the room and bounce off the walls. The video maker states that the scene is awful as a number of birds crash into the walls and end up on the floor .
Earlier this week, Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. After that discovery, police say, a surveillance video led them to an apartment building, where more body parts were discovered in a common area.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. Cleveland fire spokesman Larry Gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a 'freak accident.'
Taylor hasn't featured for the Clarets since August due to a long term achilles injury . Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny (groin) and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny (rib) face fitness tests ahead of Saturday's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley. Midfielders Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention following injury lay-offs, as is France defender Mathieu Debuchy.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey. He was sentenced to eight years' probation on the sexual assault charge in 1999, but that was revoked in 2000.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Arkansas . Clark plans to keep the pinto-sized diamond, which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year.
Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban, and a hearing is scheduled in state court in a month, CNN affiliate WAPT reports.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The CYG-11 seaplane (above) uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide . With a maximum range of 930 miles (1,500 km), the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155 mph (250 km/h).
But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, Miss Grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out 'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark. Viewers took to Twitter to express their amusement at the situation .
Sneak peek: A preview from a Star Wars anthology film, Rogue One was screene . Set between the third and the fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga, the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'Star Wars.' Gareth is due to start work on the spin-off, starring Felicity Jones as a Rebel fighter, this summer for a December 2016 release.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, (left) from the Kosovan capital of Pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on Instagram thanks to his likeness to Zayn Malik (right) Every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times. Apart from his good looks, Flamur is an average 20-something man, but thanks to his physical similarity to Zayn, Flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
Witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants from Libya to Sicily, after which the men were thrown to their deaths. A group of 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate,' Palermo police said in a statement.
And they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even, in the educated guess of one former police official, as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million. Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape. Nabataeans constructed their massive stone buildings mainly from single pieces of sandstone, and carved from the top down . Petra in Jordan was the capital of the Nabatean Kingdom.
In a YouTube video, six dancers are seen performing the provocative and popular move along to music while stood in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days and a third for 15 days. The incident comes just weeks after Russian officials closed down a dance school after footage emerged of teenage students performing hip-thrusting moves on stage.
Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her. It meant that for the next four years, Morrison continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009. Locked up: The case was re-opened in 2011 and Morrison, pictured in court, was sentenced to 24 years . Hot water: Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by the office of Sheriff Joe Arpaio (pictured) over a three-year period ending in 2007 .
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar of Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana have been charged . Alonso and Balthazar are both members of the 12th Missile Squadron at the 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. The other, 2nd Lt Nicole Dalmazzi, was charged in December and court-martialed in January.
Manchester United legends Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes showed off their netball skills when they joined Manchester Thunder netball team to promote the Superleague semi-finals. The Thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo', featuring their own players and coaches alongside England women's footballers and several soap stars.
Anne of Green Gables actor Jonathan Crombie died of a brain hemorrhage, aged 48. '[But] I think his proudest part was when he played the lead in The Drowsy Chaperone on Broadway.
The survey, conducted by eHarmony, found that 54 per cent of women believe they prioritise love (versus 46 per cent of men), yet they actually spend less time actively looking for dates than male counterparts, spending only 38 minutes per week rather over blokes who pitch in a good 71 minutes of effort a week. Ostracised: Single woman Candice Ingram (pictured right) tells Daily Mail Australia that she was not invited to a friend's birthday dinner because she would 'ruin table numbers' Riding solo: 53 per cent of women hate being the only single person at a family gathering . While 60 per cent of men also admit they haven't met the right person yet, 24 per cent think 'all the good ones are taken.'
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood, played by Kevin Spacey, and his wife Claire, played by Robin Wright . The seat of the United States Congress is in the United States Capitol, atop Capitol Hill in Washington . A call-girl.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified to People on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover. 'She's watching me': Bobby Brown shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert on Saturday . A family source told TMZ: 'They have no idea where Bobby Brown is getting his information that Bobbi Kristina is awake, not do they know why Tina said she's awake and no longer on life support.' 'She has made it out of ICU, opened her eyes, and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard. Bobbi Kristina's mother Whitney was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11, 2012.
Heads of state: Nixon is pictured overlooking the Pacific Ocean while entertaining Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev . Exterior: Nixon bought the home for $1.4million in 1969 and moved out in 1980. The house was then bought by political ally Gavin S. Herbert .
FedEx. FedEx has a strong argument for dismissal in this case, but even if not, it won't be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon.
The Oyston family served to form a further wedge between themselves and Blackpool’s fans after a pensioner was forced to pay a staggering £20,000 in damages for allegations made online. Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the Seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Jimmy Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets . Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua . If he keeps doing that and bowling the way he does those wickets are just around the corner.
Påhoj (pictured) was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known .
The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm to her finger on August 4 in 2012, which is deemed as a 'serious injury' under the Domestic Animal Act in Victorian law, and Izzy was seized by the council in June 2013. 'The council is prepared to spend a six figure sum fighting to kill a dog when they might lose in the High Court,' barrister Graeme Mcewen, founder of the Barristers Animal Welfare Panel told Daily Mail Australia. Instead, the council ruled that the dog should be destroyed during a council panel meeting. In a letter to the City of Knox council, the CEO of RSPCA SA Tim Vasudeva, wrote an offer to assess and then possibly rehabilitate and rehome her at no cost to the council instead of seeing her destroyed.
Samantha Cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at The Growing Zone allotment project, a community project for children and adults with special needs . 'The best thing about a campaign is getting out and about - meeting amazing people like June.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010, with this being the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts. Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank .
La Gazzetta dello Sport scored England forward Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against Italy . Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan, as one Italian newspaper suggests the Serie A outfit are preparing an offer.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales and was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later. He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill, who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week, posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group. 'He was so poorly, thin and grumpy, I think he may have died if we hadn't taken pity on him.
The magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on Saturday . Ayotte said she was 'shocked and deeply saddened' by Wihby's arrest. He was one of ten men to be arrested in the last week by Nashua Police on charges of prostitution .
A San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . Mr Stow, pictured, was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to assist his recovery . Both Sanchez and Norwood faced a criminal trial where they were jailed for eight and four years respectively.
A thorough search was carried out and federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives, news agency DPA reported. Germanwings, a budget unit of German airline Lufthansa, has been in the spotlight since one of its planes was deliberately crashed into a mountain in the French Alps last month, killing all 144 people on board.
The terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 bringing parts of central London to a standstill and costing local firms £40million. A safety cordon is in place.'
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. The shocking footage comes after it has emerged that one in 12 truckies are high on illicit substances when they are pulled over by Victorian police and many are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day .
A Saudi general said Saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on March 26. A Saudi source also confirmed to CNN's Nic Robertson that three Saudi soldiers were killed in the shelling.
Eden Hazard has admitted an intense campaign with Chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at the best of his ability after he was substituted just 62 minutes into Belgium's win over Israel on Tuesday. Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired, something the player questioned him on .
Conor McGregor reveals his new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach to his Instagram followers . McGregor is challenging Jose Aldo for his featherweight champion title in Las Vegas on July 11 .
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United as they hunt down the Premier League title. Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City. The Tottenham loanee won a penalty in a man-of-the-match display at Goodison Park. Craig Gardner's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at Crystal Palace on Saturday .
Ten years ago, I signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 Election. But back to ten years ago. The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy . I'm backing the Conservatives for this Election as they've shown a determination to stick to the course even when the tide of opinion was turning against them. He said the current Labour Party, under Ed Miliband, viewed business as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society .
Pictures released by North Korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the  top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base. Upon arriving at the top, Kim Jong-Un greeted Korean People's Army pilots, telling them that the alleged climb had given him mental energy 'more powerful than nuclear weapons.'
The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon, although he will be able to fit dozens of guests. It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen, with a lounge and 'state room' at the back of the plane.
A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. ‘If they kill someone as good as Andrew, what hope is there for me?’ she said.
The 29-year-old American tourist drove into oncoming traffic in Thailand and crashed into 13 vehicles. After police shot out three of the wheels on the car, a crowd formed around the vehicle that included a motorcyclist who was knocked off her bike during the wrecking spree.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. At the time of his death, Benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 Test matches. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral following his death.
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday but has lost his England starting place .
TIm Sherwood could move to get Chris Ramsey on his coaching staff if he leaves QPR in the summer . Sherwood also revealed that he wishes he had striker Darren Bent (centre) at his disposal .
Sanaa, Yemen  (CNN)Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign. The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted, the officials said. But less than 24 hours later, after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade, the airstrikes resumed, security sources in Taiz said.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, East Yorkshire, met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers. However, Hull Crown Court heard that after their meeting she contacted the man – who cannot be named for legal reasons – and threatened to post the footage on Facebook unless he paid her £25.
A body was found today after a major air-sea search mission for a kayaker who went missing. The 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day - but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police.
Tiger Woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta. After finishing his round he revealed that his wrist bone had popped out - so he was forced to put it back in . Despite finishing 13 strokes behind 21-year-old winner Jordan Spieth, this was Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year. Spieth became the youngest winner since Woods when he was given the coveted green jacket on Sunday.
Abandoned for 30 years: The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig in 1984 . The 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of  Metallica, the Dead Kennedy's and R.E.M. Ruled to be unsafe: The venue was closed after the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience during a 1984 gig . Fatal concert: During Motorhead's 1984 gig, the power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later the venue was cosed .
Newcastle United have upset supporters after dumping pictures of Sir Bobby Robson’s title-chasing team in a skip outside St James’ Park. Alan Shearer, Gary Speed and Nolberto Solano are some of the legends who are included in the photos .
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game after arriving late for training . Bendtner responded to the decision to drop him on Instagram on Sunday.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy Milk Whole Nut, Dairy Milk Oreo, Dairy Milk Daim, and Dairy Milk Turkish. The Cadbury team worked alongside food artist Prudence Staite to create the bar in in a bid to get chocolate lovers to try something new.
These drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs. An analysis of hundreds of published studies from the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia found that homeopathic medicine was no more effective than a placebo.
Michel Vorm is set to deputise in place of Hugo Lloris when Tottenham play Burnley on Sunday . Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude despite being behind Lloris in the pecking order .
Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé. The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . This was followed with thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem .
FC PORTO . Porto's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned Bayern in the Champions League . Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a better watch than the game they're commenting on . Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have been at loggerheads this season . ALASTAIR COOK .
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his partner Billi Mucklow  as he steps up his recovery from knee surgery . The former Newcastle and Liverpool forward had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Golden State's Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation to complete a 20-point, fourth-quarter comeback that allowed the Golden State Warriors to beat New Orleans 123-119 in overtime Thursday and take a 3-0 lead in their first-round play-off series.
John Higgins plays a shot during his match against Robert Milkins during the Betfred World Championships . I probably know what it takes to win it but there's more favoured players than me.' Graeme Dott plays a shot during his match against Ricky Walden during the Betfred World Championships .
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager at the end of this season. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton and spoke with Bees owner Matthew Benham.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Geoffrey Lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator Clint Eastwood as his pal Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel, has died. He was 79. Lewis, the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, died Tuesday, family friend Michael Henderson said.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. Prosecutors told the court that 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive-by shooting.
Today, Brad Pitt is known the world over. Part therapist, part acting coach, and very Hollywood, Chubbuck, 62, runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles.
Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves against Accrington Stanley.
CARE COSTS: Mike Holpin says 16 of his children were taken into care. On top of this, he has claimed at least £675,000 in benefits himself. In the Bible, God says go forth and multiply. I’m doing what God wants. But he still wants more children.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage with owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons (centre)
Ahmed al-Karim,  head of the Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible .
A text message intended for a senior aide to George Osborne – but accidentally sent to a newspaper – yesterday divulged plans for a ‘tax free minimum wage’. New plan: The details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear, but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn' t be paying any income tax .
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. Mr Czahor said hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did.
AFDI 1, MTA 0: A federal judge has ordered the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to run on its buses anti-Islam ads featuring the phrase 'Killing Jews is Worship' created by the pro-Israel lobby American Freedom Defense Initiative . Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers and overestimate the potential impact of these fleeting advertisements.'
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates among employers. London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English, maths and science, followed by the North West and East of England.
A 90-year-old man loved by his community has been found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home. They have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest, while neighbors have spoken of him as a 'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model. He was a great example for the kids.'
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018, after Ringling Bros. decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus.
Sunderland Goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon celebrates Jermain Defoe's goal against Newcastle United . He said I had the physical attributes to play there. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby game with Newcastle .
The biggest fight in boxing history has sold out within a minute of going on sale with tickets for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 being snapped up on Thursday evening. After weeks of wrangling and accusations between Mayweather Promotions and Pacquiao’s promoter Bob Arum, a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in May. Priced at $150 (£100), these tickets also went on sale on Thursday. Nine days to go' ahead of the clash .
Vuckic has won over Rangers fans with six goals from 10 games, including this strike against Hearts . Vuckic (centre) is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers, including  Gael Bigirimana (left) and Remie Streete - although he is the only one to have been a success .
The nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon, and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?'. Uploaded to YouTube, the video has been titled: 'How the physics teacher lost his job.' Another hit: The teacher with the axe immediately took a second swing and crushed the cinder block . The new video shows the teacher get up and dust himself off.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over the Explorer of the Seas as it departed the Hampshire dock this afternoon. Making waves: The Royal Caribbean's newest cruise ship, The Anthem of the Seas (middle) - which is now the world's third largest liner and can carry nearly 5,000 passengers - sailed past the newly-refurbished Explorer of the Seas (top) as she made her way out of Southampton Docks earlier today . The ship's, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean, will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will sail around Europe.
The 73-year-old, who had lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16, was famous not just for the trophies won – his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily Britain’s most successful ever manager – but the hours put in.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history. Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling .
Now, seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic, along with a VHS cassette tape of the film signed by actor Dan Truitt , who played Rolff von Trapp, are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
A new study by experts at Consumer Reports in the US has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria . Scientists found traces of E.coli, MRSA, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning . The vast majority of prawns eaten on these shores come from such farms in India, Indonesia and Thailand.
Nedum Onuoha is being targeted by Hull City but is also interesting Everton and West Ham United . QPR have held talks over a move for Catania defender Nicolas Spolli.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati faced two counts of making false . Saeed, who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements during interviews . been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at . anyone and did not know any Islamic State members. Oversharing: In online chats and posts, Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months .
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. Noor Ellis gave one of the men, Martin, a towel and a pillow, and asked his 'help to teach a lesson'. The court heard that Mrs Ellis told her husband's killers 'to be neat' when they murdered him, and called a meeting prior to his murder to ensure the men knew the instructions.
The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free . Despite the cub continuing to back away from the help, Mr Cowell manages to get hold of it and carefully lifts it out of the fence. The fox is released and staggers off home over branches and twigs while wagging its tail in delight .
On April 7, Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage. NJ.com reports that Adams faces federal drug smuggling charges. This is the second time a person flying from Guyana was nabbed at JFK for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs.
Former Premier League referee Halsey (middle) has  called the Football Association's decision 'a joke' ‘I don’t blame Jon Moss. Jon Moss will take charge of FA Cup final at Wembley between Arsenal and Aston Villa .
Japan's Nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off his Russian opponent 6-3 6-4. Eight-time champion Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro, whose first-round contest against Paolo Lorenzi came to a premature end when the Italian retired after three games.
Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time . Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser beyond Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet .
The time of their lives has turned into the holiday from hell for up to 2500 passengers stranded on a cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside Sydney Harbour and riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres. The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast. Eleven metre waves have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride. The Ports Authority warned that passengers were in for some more discomfort, with little chance of the ship being able to dock on Tuesday, with the adverse weather conditions expected to worsen as another storm cell pushes into Sydney.
St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Not a true winner: Her times that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon have now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated . The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says didn't get the recognition that she deserved.
The cocaine was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America . U.S. Navy and Coast Guard and Royal Canadian Navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $848 million in the last six months .
In an audio message released Sunday, al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan, near the Afghan-Pakistan border. Indeed, al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West.
Shot by adoring dad, called Barles Charkley on the site, who is based in Baltimore, Maryland, the video stars his toddler daughter Viktoria, as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Simba the lion's father, Mufasa. It's captioned: 'Viktoria watching Lion King for the first time, and Scar just killed Mufasa!'
An investigator has blamed sexism, including pornography sold at base stores, for the attitudes that led to Army members joining  British bikini models for a photo shoot. One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015, where military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video. Cover up: The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed 'uptight Mormons' for outrage of their time with the models .
Thibaut Courtois has achieved a lot in a relatively short time, but the Chelsea goalkeeper is not resting on his laurels with the Premier League title in his sights. Chelsea sit seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table . 2014-2015 (Chelsea) League Cup .
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer. 'You actually see tumour eradication.' The process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants, researchers said.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service when he was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike. Garrod claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the A470 at Dolgellau but was caught out when bosses checked 999 records .
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. Le Chic comes in at €85 ($62) and comes with all of the above, as well as Champagne, foie gras and macarons. And each one is delivered in a bright yellow Piaggio called Pepe.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, the director of a jail for young gang members in Guatemala City, was killed as he went to work on Friday morning . The director and his companion, social welfare official Abimael Rodas Palacios, were riding in their pickup truck when suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire . Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase . Medina Luna said that Cuyun had made his fellow gang members 'vomit blood' at Las Gaviotas.
Bosses at Queen's Hospital, Burton, Staffordshire, admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement and a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country.
Louis Jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January. Castaway recounts how he survived over a year adrift in Pacific . Son vindicated as father rescued after 12 days at sea . After being spotted by crew aboard a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer and picked up in a smaller rescue boat, he took a drink offered to him and burst into tears, Kyodo reported.
Health authorities are searching hospital patient records to clarify what drugs people may have been given after a man was charged with posing as a nurse for six weeks. A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March.
These heart-stopping pictures show the moment a baby hippo was thrown into the air as it was mauled to death after getting caught up in a fight between two adults. The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa. The hippopotamus died of its injured hours later.
Sunday's London Marathon will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career . Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25 .
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat Boudreau for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin told CNN that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation." Reichelt told "Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he had watched the video and stood by the report, saying Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" that the clip is real. Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a "previous episode of severe depression," the airline said Tuesday.
The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist. The former British No 1 was pictured sitting in an ice bath after a practice session and shared the picture on social media.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon . He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched. Three of the men were released by Victoria Police on Saturday evening.
Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a Ukip stronghold. The Prime Minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless after he defected from the Tories last summer. David Cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick Mr Reckless's 'fat arse' out of the Commons, and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial Kent battleground.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in, in which two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken. Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams has had to pull out of the English National Championships .
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. And, to the uninformed, it is the invisible fatal disease,' he wrote on his website of the upcoming book, which is 'dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are'.
The study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. Even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat. The findings, published in the British Journal of General Practice, show that seeing the same GP was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer.
Accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels. After trekking through the beautiful Spelunca Gorge, I caught a cab to the seaside resort of Porto where a 16th Century Genoese tower stands guard over the harbour.
Arsene Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week. But even though the Frenchman waits until the hours before the game to confirm his team, the overall selection process takes much longer.
Northern Ireland's Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday night . Northern Ireland played at Windsor Park on Sunday evening, beating Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in Group F. The next qualifier for Michael O'Neill's side is against pool leaders Romania on June 13, although club matches are scheduled to be played at Windsor Park before then.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. He claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body, according to the People's Daily Online. Jai added that he will continue using this unorthodox treatment before returning to the hospital to see if his condition has improved.
Frank Jordan told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he had worried about his son, who is an inexperienced sailor, but he held hope because his son had a good boat.
ASTON VILLA . LEICESTER . Sunderland, Burnley and QPR . Burnley, Hull and Sunderland . Sunderland are in danger of being brushed aside in the battle to avoid relegation, and look likely to go down .
: Early tests carried out on cancer cells (like the one pictured) have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent . Advances: People with skin cancer are now being recruited for the first human trial .
Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online, offers the reward for the death or capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester City and is now linked with Delhi Dynamos in India . After the success of the three-month long Hero Indian Super League last year, the I-League is ready to spend big on attracting major names to the competition for the new season.
'Ordinary Yorkshire lads': Hassan Munshi (left) and Talha Asmal (right), both 17 and from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are thought to have fled to war-torn Syria after travelling to Turkey on March 31 . The next-door neighbours are close friends and were seen playing snooker at Dewsbury Snooker Centre about a week ago, acquaintances told the newspaper.
A drug company has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss on the NHS. It has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness, according to the BMJ. The respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis.
Edwin van der Sar (right) is convinced Louis van Gaal (left) will bring the glory days  to Manchester United . Van der Sar admits the title is probably beyond United's grasp but thinks they can win trophies, like he did .
Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg, Queensland, on Thursday . The pair, both from Bundaberg, will appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Friday.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit. A bargain... for a billionaire: Jon Bon Jovi has sold his New York City apartment for $37.5million . The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two  kitchens. There are .
The extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. They comes in both 38mm and 42mm (1.5 and 1.65 inches) sizes, with prices ranging from a 'modest' £2,000 ($3,000) to £120,000 ($177,000) depending on how much you want to add.
Taylor Alesana (above) of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . 'Taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl, and all she wanted was acceptance.' The 16-year-old had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced . She said in one; 'I’ve lost tons of friends, tons. And it’s been hell. I go to school every day, and I get my lunch and I sit down alone' She is the second transgender teen who sought services at the North County LGBTQ Resource Center to die by suicide since March, said Disposti. She told people in one of her final videos; 'My biggest advice to anyone who’s transgender and struggling?
Tragic: Rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in Tenino, Washington, in September last year, by one of her mother's friends . Memorial: The women planted a garden in memory of Rowyn and have also started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief .
The Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as striker Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go. Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.
When Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark, her parents were assured it was nothing to worry about. In the days after her birth, the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her. Now four months old, Jasmine is thriving.
Blown up in Iraq, Hannah Campbell defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb. But behind the joy of celebrating daughter Lexi-River’s first birthday, the former Army corporal has battled new agony after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness since the birth. And as she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with long-term partner and Lexi-River’s father Anthony McMorrow, who proposed to her on Valentine’s Day last year.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric, an aspiring Jedi Knight, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry, as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead Jedis to the 'dark side'. Plea by post: Seven-year-old aspiring Jedi Colin sent a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans the Knights from marrying .
A resourceful firefighter has been filmed rescuing six ducklings trapped in a storm drain - using a duck quacking ringtone to lure them out of their hiding place. Bizarrely it was the station's second duck rescue in a week - as on April 19, firefighters rescued a duck that got stuck in a chimney.
Former Barcelona and Brazil forward Ronaldinho marked a late cameo in Queretaro's surprise 4-0 thumping of Club America with a brace. Ronaldinho (centre) rolled back the years by scoring two goals in quick succession during the Liga MX match .
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered, including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. After Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament. Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding. The violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child . On April 8, as Mr Gordon announced he would stay in parliament, he vowed to take care of his family and right his past wrongs.
Nigel Jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in Alvor, near Portimao in the Algarve, in January, after the body of his wife Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside. But after being shown evidence she was killed, he had now changed his story. At the time he denied causing her death, saying she had killed herself, but now says she died during a burglary .
Tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence at his Michigan home . Wife Lindy told local media that the noose was a tribute to a friend of her husband who had hung himself . Tomanovich also said he has since taken down the nooses and flags, but refused to apologize.
But on Sunday, he is up against the ultimate pragmatist — Mourinho finds any way to win. Wenger can not be underestimated, according to Martin Keown... it's not all about style, he plays to win . Cesc Fabregas has been impressive this season, but he wouldn't necessarily have been as good with Arsenal .
In a book Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so.
Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4, but the New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break. 'He'll be available.
Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February but four points from games against Aston Villa and West Brom, and a narrow defeat to Chelsea, have revived hopes of survival. West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer but the former Tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Eugene failed last November in its bid to host the 2019 event, which was instead awarded to Doha, but a recent presentation to the IAAF persuaded the governing body the city has what it takes to stage a world championships.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
In a move designed to accommodate broadcasters, Rangers will face champions Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3 — 24 hours after Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play. I think every game on the last day of the season should be played at the same time.
The explosion outside the Bauchi Motor Park‎ happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. Although no one has claimed responsibility for the attack, Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets in Gombe and other northern cities, making the group the main suspect.
Cantona, the former Manchester United forward, claimed earlier this month that Pastore is ‘the best player in the world’. I love this kind of player.’ PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight Champions League tie on Tuesday.
An police officer who rammed his police car into a suspect told investigators it was either 'shoot him or run him over.' He then points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Jesus Christ, man down.'
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. Problems: Its staggering $400,000 price tag is millions more than the original budget because of problems in its development . The F-35 Lightning II has what is considered to be 'one of the most complicated weapons systems ever'.
(CNN)Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. The bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon. And it appears to work.
Footage shows exotic pet owner Kayonna Cole holding her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin. Kayonna, who filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles, remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team. Last month Mr Justice Warby made a ruling in the High Court that overturned the gagging order and ordered Rojo to pay Sarah's estimated £25,000 legal costs.
Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. The court heard Cameron described himself at the time as a 'walking time bomb' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed. 'It is the kind of offence which every member of the population dreads because it shows the insecurity and vulnerability of everybody in the community to random crime,' he added.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. He converted to Islam at the age of 17 . A few years later, he moved to Pakistan, where he joined al-Qaida as a propagandist. He was the first American citizen to be charged with treason since the Second World War .
The feeling of fresh air is wonderful.' Released: Cassandra Fortin, 17, (pictured with her mother Jackie) was released from hospital on Monday after she was made to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, which she was diagnosed with last year . But in January a court ruled Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of the teen . 'I stood up and fought for my rights, and I don't regret it,' she said. The teen was reunited with her mother on Easter Sunday for the first time in three months. In March, Cassandra told NBC she had not been allowed to see or speak to her mother since the New Year.
VanZant, at only 21 and with just five fights behind her, has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with Reebok. VanZant works out in the week of her next fight, against Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night .
Vunipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday. Vereniki Goneva (right) has also been cited for striking Saracens' Kelly Brown .
raid in the Philippines in January. The FBI said on Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir, who was believed to be  behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines, was $5million. Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Four-time Olympic champion Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June . In June, Wiggins will hope to race in front of a sell-out crowd at London's Olympic Velodrome .
Benefits cheat Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around. The football coach who claimed thousands in disability benefits looking sprightly as he put together the posts at Blackpool Rangers FC . Drinnan was unavailable for comment.
Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the England set-up took a step closer. The batsman joked with photographers at the KIA Oval for the photo session, with Surrey set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19.
Polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to only 10 per cent of women.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat. The horrific crimes reportedly took place at a house party in the small town of Kumertau in Bashkortostan on Friday night.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits. Tory Chancellor George Osborne has promised to cut £12billion from the welfare bill after the election, but has repeatedly refused to say where the axe will fall. He said he was lifting the lid on the internal coalition discussions because his former government colleagues were 'trying to con the British people by keeping their planned cuts secret until after the election'. Mr Alexander's revelations came as The Times reported growing dissent in Lib Dem ranks over the possibility of entering a second power-sharing deal with the Conservatives if the General Election fails to produce a clear winner. 'The coalition has delivered savings in a fair way, but the Tories now want to balance the books off the backs of ordinary working families and the most vulnerable in society. 'The Liberal Democrats will take a fairer approach, cutting less than the Conservatives and borrowing less than Labour, to deliver a stronger economy and fairer society with opportunity for everyone.' 'The Tories' secret plan has been revealed.
For the Geordie Shore star, who has lost has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year, is looking thinner than ever. But have these girls taken things too far?
A woman who notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour. 'The woman’s actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals and the public expectation is that we take action,' said Superintendent Scott Denny of Port Pirie police. Ms Davis had issues with her size-K breasts in her 20's and is finally ready to embrace them and she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
Martin Skrtel (left) has been linked with a move to Bundesliga side Wolfsburg and Serie A outfit Napoli . The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since arriving at Anfield in 2008 .
Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman charged with bestiality after police found footage on her mobile phone of her allegedly having sex with a dog. Police were carrying out checks on Driscoll's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . Driscoll was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but didn't show up and is now wanted by police on seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog .
The patent (illustrated) was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically .
The Middlesex seamer admitted he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark, vowing to chase an England recall despite missing the West Indies tour.
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said. 'I don't see another coalition government lasting five years,' he said at a briefing by polling experts on the latest election forecasts.
It did the opposite. ‘No,’ the Chancellor snaps. He says that if Labour wins, Britain will become an economic basket case like France did after socialist Francois Hollande won power. Osborne was back on the campaign trail yesterday in his Tatton constituency, combining politics with a family day out.
Britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne, now that's all changing as prosecco sales have overtaken for the first time .
Selfie: Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander (right) snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back . This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around' The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!!
A bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in Australia. This image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by emergency services officer Scott Murray, who dubbed the phenomenon looping lightning'. As a result, this can skew its perspective. Natural lightning is cloud to ground. Lightning is caused by a build up of electrostatic charges. As they develop, air acts as an insulator between the positive and negative charges in the cloud, and between the cloud and the ground.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. Javier Hernandez wheels away after scoring against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final . The forward is not wanted at United, but has attracted interest from a number of clubs home and abroad .
The image was taken as part of Project Mercury, which was the US' first mission to put men in space. Scientists says claims such as this are a case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places .
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers, bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers. He was jailed for eight years in 2013 after being convicted of two counts of conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property. Champagne: But the scammer insists he does not have enough money to pay what he has been ordered to .
(CNN)She could stand on a strand of human hair, with room to spare. The 45-year-old's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret", says Hurwitz -- and created through a process called "two-photon lithography."
CCTV cameras captured the horrifying attack last April in which soldiers Shaun Smith (left, in black jeans) and Jason Collins (right, bending over), kicked and punched two men repeatedly near their barracks . Collins, 22, (right) has been stationed at Buckingham Palace since the attack. Reaching for his neck, Collins tries to grab the man before the pair chase him round a tree and back onto the road . With both Smith and Collins found guilty of two counts each, the soldiers could have faced sentences of ten years.
The ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of England cricket. ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England . England star Jonathan Trott has overcome situational anxieties following work with psychiatrist Steve Peters . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of Jaguar . Legendary jockey AP McCoy is set to retire from racing on Saturday and could now pursue punditry .
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' Thomas has three kids, aged six to 11, who he said that his kids think the sign is 'cute'.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'.
Tension: The young girl, who is though to be a student at Texas A&M University in College Station, had one chance to beat the officers . Caught on camera: A video posted on social media site Vine shows the entire incident .
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home (pictured) as it was engulfed by floodwater . Fire crews fled the riverside home in Chertsey, Surrey (pictured) for their own safety after their specialist gas detectors sounded the alarm for dangerous levels of hydrogen cyanide . The pathologist gave a result of carbon monoxide intoxication.'
The Chelsea manager also described SW19 as 'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura. It is similar to Wimbledon. Andy Murray beat Novak Djokovic (right) in straight sets to win Britian's first men's championship in 77 years .
Hollywood legend: Betty White was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award . Major award: Craig Ferguson was thrilled to accept the award for Outstanding Game Show Host . OUTSTANDING ENTERTAINMENT NEWS   PROGRAM . Entertainment Tonight WINNER .
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe . Writing in his exclusive column for Goal.com, he said: ‘I’m surprised there are no English clubs left in the Champions League. Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final .
Anguish: Ted said that he has battled with severe depression since his wife (Karen, right) passed away and wanted someone to talk to on Saturday night . Love: The Koran's ran The Critter Place out of Weeki Wachee in Florida and only the thought of the 60 animals he and Karen (pictured) cared for stopped Ted from ending his own life on Saturday .
Burger for Blake: Dan Churchill whips up a 'Bro Burger' on Good Morning America, meeting Blake Lively too . Surfing the USA:Churchill makes waves with appearance on Good Morning America for 'Dude Food' cook book .
The woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in Maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk. 'She had said she would have loved to go and visit Jim (her husband), who is in a nursing home, but she knew she wouldn't be able to. NSW Premier Mike Baird is touring the area and says he is shocked at the devastation caused by flooding in the Hunter.
Stephen Curry broke his own NBA three-point record as Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers . Curry (centre) hit eight three-pointers to to eclipse his previous NBA best of 272 made in a single season .
West Bromwich Albion will make a £3million move for Wales international left-back Neil Taylor this summer. Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several Premier League managers over the past few years including Brendan Rodgers at Liverpool and Alan Pardew at Crystal Palace.
The Dutchman explained  he had been imploring the Spanish midfielder to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure. Van Gaal admitted that he was so pleased with Herrera's opening goal, he kissed him at the interval .
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen . The media dubbed the decision to make Philip a knight of the Order of Australia a 'knightmare', and incited public criticism from within Mr Abbott's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition.
Last-ditch effort: Former Virginia first lady (pictured in February) Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams . Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals.
Ed Miliband claimed the Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of the PM's Libya policy . And former defence secretary Liam Fox said: ‘Having tried to weaponise the NHS, Miliband is trying to weaponise drowning migrants.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol . Baldwin Way, an assistant professor of psychology at Ohio State University said people in the study who took the pain reliever didn't appear to know they were reacting differently.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram. It is then followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641. The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap on Wednesday, based on hashtag usage on images shared on Instagram. According to the home-swapping site, nearly 60 million photos are uploaded on Instagram each day. The Big Banana in Coffs Harbour, about 540 km north of Sydney.
Happy days: The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet . Hormonal: PMS is caused by your response to the drop in hormones, which depends on the health of your hormone receptors... A primary cause of unhealthy receptors is chronic inflammation . 'Fortunately, we know what impairs the health of hormone receptors: Chronic inflammation. EAT FEWER INFLAMMATORY FOODS . EAT MORE ANTI-INFLAMMATORY FOODS .
Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews surfaced for the first time after her NHL star boyfriend Jarret Stoll was busted at a pool party at the MGM Grand Hotel, allegedly with cocaine and Molly tucked into his swim trunks. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies', describe paedophiles as 'complex human beings' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. Ms Bennett said: 'Jim is a private individual not involved in party politics.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home. The two students want to return to the college reports The Times Union of Albany, as they were among the 24 sanctioned by the university after its investigation determined members of the underground frat were guilty of drug, alcohol and student group violations, as well as threatening and abusive behavior, endangerment, hazing and disruptive conduct, the newspaper reported.
Like Thursday, England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503). After Ballance and Ian Bell made centuries in the first Test, Joe Root’s 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked. Umpire Steve Davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon with his lbw call on Buttler .
Her family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of  warring parties in Yemen. For Muna, her ordeal ended at Djibouti Port where Christina Higgins, the U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission, was among the embassy staff waiting to meet them.
According to one female businesswoman in Texas, Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she'll start an unnecessary war. But underneath the biochemistry debate is a much scarier consideration: The bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015, a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we have a serious discussion about ending gender bias.
Tests have confirmed the Spain international suffered no fractures after being caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate in Sunday's Barclays Premier League defeat of West Ham. Silva was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital as Manuel Pellegrini has a nervous wait .
Moses Kipsiro, who successfully defended his Commonwealth Games 10,000m title in Glasgow last year, told Sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police. Only on Monday Kipsiro passed details of the death threats – sent anonymously via text messages – to police officers in Kampala, Uganda. ‘I will have to protect my family,’ he said.
Lancashire have signed Australia all-rounder James Faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer. Faulkner will join up with the county side following his Indian Premier League commitments .
Washington (CNN)Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers, even if they have religious objections. Since the Pew poll last fall, Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, signed into law in late March by Republican governor Mike Pence, sparked a nationwide controversy over whether the law allowed wedding-related businesses to refuse service to gay and lesbian couples.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder -- subject of an Interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it in the Southern Ocean several months ago. Hammarstedt said he believed the Thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical evidence of illegal fishing.
The reserve deputy who shot a suspect dead after firing his gun instead of his Taser was investigated in 2009 over his questionable training and erratic behavior in the field. Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2.
As David Cameron tried to answer a question Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. Outspoken: Ms Prosser later told reporters that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question ‘the 1 per cent at the top’ who she claimed were not working in the country's interests .
Workplace issues: Johnson has claimed a supervisor at the Hooters where she worked (pictured) had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . Johnson told the television station she was given reduced shifts, written warnings, and later terminated. Johnson's claims of discrimination are simply without merit,' the company said.
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain . An indirect way of assessing how much testosterone you were exposed to is by looking at your fingers. Is your brain male or female? Documentary premieres on SBS One on Monday at 7.30pm . Why? Is your brain male or female?
He was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport, infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory. But dancing? Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday at Augusta National . The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game .
The England Under-19 defender, valued at £8m by the Championship team, is one of the most wanted young players in the country after his breakthrough season at The Valley. Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season and is wanted by Manchester City and Arsenal .
Called Greenstone, the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF). The app creates a localised network in which each phone becomes a node, and the data is passed between nodes.
Videoed enjoying the sunshine outside, the lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Walking around to the front of the lamb, the duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
After judging the kitchens on The Block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen, property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. Bench space: . Storage space: . Ventilation: . Flow on: .
Nikki Kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor . Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings. She had been taking the contraceptive pill and continued to have periods for the whole nine months – and experienced no morning sickness or cravings whatsoever.
Paddy Power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts -- used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between Liverpool and Newcastle United ahead of their English Premier League match on Monday.
Premier League leaders Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling . However, Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old star is 'going nowhere' this summer .
"I don't feel like I deserve any credit or anything," Warnock said. "I just did what anyone would do, went right back to work."
But it's unclear how Gray, who was arrested on a weapons charge April 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. What we don't know: It's not known whether Gray's criminal past had anything to do with his arrest, or his death.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework, it has been revealed. Ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.
A dominatrix who claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry during his infamous party night in Vegas three years ago says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards. However, Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince's VIP suite and dismissed her story as 'untrue'.
(CNN)ISIS fighters seized several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi in an hours-long assault Friday that included suicide and car bombs, an Iraqi provincial official said. Iraqi and allied forces have made inroads in recent weeks, beating back the group that calls itself the Islamic State, which took over vast swaths of Iraq and neighboring Syria last year.
The world's best road has just been announced. The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded Best Road in the World . UK - A591 from Kendal to Keswick . Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
Devoted wife Wei Guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition. Now she describes everything she sees and encounters to him on their daily walks and and is in charge of everyday tasks like the shopping.
In Essex and Kent, crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response. 'There are now 17,000 fewer officers and 17,000 fewer police staff around - what does the government expect to happen?
'The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle - that’s as about as accurate as they could have predicted. This one formed in the worst possible spot, which was just north of Newcastle. It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live. 'It’s just economics. Weather balloons can now only be used in a limited number of places because of budget cuts, so there’s not as many going up every day which means we don’t get the same data as before from the upper atmosphere.' Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
The federal government has pledged to scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits in an attempt to crackdown on parents who choose not to vaccinate their children. The government has announced they will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their kids . Parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child .
Incredibly, the ball sinks directly into a basketball hoop at the other side of the training pitch . Former Liverpool striker Luis Suarez (left) and Lionel Messi return to training on Thursday .
The world No 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first-round opponent Mark Davis.
"This event, while large and tragic, is not unusual for that region of the world as the whole mountain range stretching from Tibet almost to Caspian Sea is an area of major collision between continental plates," said geological engineer Nicholas Sitar with the University of California, Berkeley's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering.
Michael Owen surprised television viewers and pundits alike by completely dismissing Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Chelsea as a potential Goal of the Season contender. You could kick the ball hard and far... it's just whether you could do it that far.'
Lindsey Walker, from Darlington, spent a holiday from hell at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside . Ms Walker, 23, said: 'The hotel looked lovely online but when we got there we found it was over the biggest nightclub in town and we were in the room above it.
A Darwin woman has become a TV sensation in the Philippines, earning a legion of adoring fans in southeast Asia and an award nomination for her role in the country's answer to US hit series Modern Family. Natalia Moon (pictured) learned Filipino language Tagalog to score a role on sitcom Ismol Family . The risk paid off as the 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT) the only judicial body with the power to investigate the security services, ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications. Mr al-Saadi has fought a legal battle against the British Government claiming it was complicit in kidnapping him and sending him back to his homeland to be tortured by the Gaddafi regime.
Rafa Nadal got his clay court season off to a perfect, confidence-boosting start with a 6-2, 6-1 win over Frenchman Lucas Pouille in the Monte Carlo Masters. It was a businesslike display from the world No 5.
There, the actor flippantly dumped her: 'Nope. Jerry and Rebecca went on to marry in 2007 and have two children together. Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice. Giuliana's new tell-all, Going Off Script, will be available for purchase on April 7.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November and police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife some 20 years earlier. But despite facing murder charges Henthorn has not relinquished the claim his claim to the substantial insurance pay out on his wife's death. Shockingly, not only is he fighting for the pay out to fund his own defense, documents filed in a separate motion in March show that he fought his late wife's family to have funds from Dr Bertolet's estate released into his possession.
Sanjay Gupta, a neurosurgeon and CNN's chief medical correspondent, has scrubbed up at the request of a Nepalese medical team to help with the operation. "I've seen a lot of situations around the world, and this is as bad as I've ever seen it," Gupta says.
Miranda was far from happy with Milorad Mazic's performance during Atletico's Champions League clash . The Brazil defender has said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games .
Much of the evidence in the former New England Patriots' case is circumstantial. Here are some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on Tuesday: . "Basically what happened is Aaron Hernandez lied to his boss. The murder weapon in the case has not been recovered.
Facey, whose former clubs include Hull City and West Bromwich Albion, is accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery. Facey (right) celebrates after scoring for Bolton Wanderers in the Premier League in 2003 . In one text conversation, conducted on messaging service WhatsApp in late 2013, Facey is alleged to have tried to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
The historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building. Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers. Catty: Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules (pictured), who played The Cat in the hit sci-fi series, has blasted developers for demolishing his local pub .
After arriving at the chapel, the royal couple were greeted by other members of the royal family including Princess Beatrice and Sophie, Countess of Wessex . Her Majesty dressed in a bright blue coat dress with matching hat, arrived by car alongside the Duke of Edinburgh at St George's Chapel where she was greeted by the Dean of Windsor, the Right Reverend David Connor.
Renault's Cyril Abiteboul (left) has promised Red Bull that the engine problems will be resolved . Unhappy Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One . Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China .
While Qantas' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February, they are at serious risk of losing their landing spots at Heathrow before next flying season. A Qantas spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame for the late arrivals .
The 26-year-old has two years left on his contract but revealed earlier in the week that he is still undecided over his future. United are reportedly willing to offer Dortmund up to £30million to sign Hummels, who may be tempted to move in search of Champions League football.
On April 16, Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire with a needle still in her arm. Her family has written an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs . He pleaded with other families to 'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions .
Reports emerged  suggesting the Newcastle  owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks . Ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous board .
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. Fox Sports Australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on April 11, before the controversy surrounding Briony Ingerson began. 'Sorry if you're upset by this, no harm was intended, it was an African themed party #NotAtAllRacist,' she wrote. 'She is aware of how offensive and inappropriate her actions were. The matter came to light after Fairfax reported a complaint from LaTrobe University journalism student Ahmed Yussuf, who worked as an intern alongside Ingerson.
He has now left his home in Brighton to travel to the Middle East to bring home his remaining son Amer, who is also in Syria . Mr Deghayes two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year. Mr Deghayes has insisted he has not 'run away' to join the fight and has informed British authorities of his intentions to rescue his last-remaining son. 'I will go and try to bring Amer home.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five, including a eight-minute hat-trick, as Real Madrid beat sorry Granada 9-1. Marcelo links up with Ronaldo as the duo dance after one of the forward's goals in the first half at the Bernabeu . Goal: Ibanez 74 . It did not spark a second half revival. Gareth Bale rounds Granada goalkeeper Oier Olazabal to open the scoring during the La Liga match on Sunday .
Andy Murray reacts as he reaches the Miami Open final with a 6-4, 6-4 win over Tomas Berdych . There is no love lost between Murray and Berdych, especially after this year's Australian Open semi-final . Murray's former coach Dani Valverdu (left) and trainer Jez Green (right) switched camps to join Berdych .
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason, who are all products of Spurs' youth system, have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season. He is happy here and wants to reach the Champions League with Tottenham that is his dream.'
Nearly three months after a U.S. official said up to 25,000 Iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May, a senior official in President Barack Obama's administration said Thursday that Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion. It "might be some time from now. Calling for "patience," an administration official said that winning Mosul is a complex endeavor.
Leanna Norris (pictured during her trial) admitted killing her young daughter . Norris, 25, had drugged two-year-old Loh Grenada (pictured) then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape . Justice Murray sentenced Norris to 37 years in prison after taking into account the child's suffering and her mother's mental illness.
This is according to a British study that has discovered a catastrophic condition called 'marine photic zone euxinia' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans. This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide.
The footage captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. The woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs .
The son of The Apprentice host Mark Bouris has appeared in court charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
An unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at  Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'. Meanwhile, someone else confirmed that another Coachella reveler had taken to Twitter on Sunday to share their disgust after running into the man in the controversial T-shirt.
An enormous diorama which shows the full extent of the Battle of Waterloo has gone on display to mark the 200th anniversary of the conflict. The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events of the battle but also a number of light-hearted vignettes. It is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester, where it will serve as the centrepiece for the commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo. Mr Hayes added: 'The diorama was made in the 1970s by Valhalla Models and acquired by the museum in the 1980s.
At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts, spending it on nights out and items such as shoes. Calder posted regular partying pictures of Facebook not knowing the family of the victims, a couple in their late 80s who have now died, had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash. The police were then called.
Liverpool maintain an interest in the player and were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer. Real Sociedad, Tottenham and Manchester City are all interested in the player, but Sportsmail understands that United have opened dialogue with Burnley to hurry through a move.
Berahino is likely to be away with Gareth Southgate’s England under 21 side in the Czech Republic until late June so Pulis has begun his preparations early. West Bromwich Albion were open to bids of £20million for Berahino in January and the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football.
Wylie Brys (pictured) and his dad, Dallas zookeper Tim Brys, were digging for fossils near a grocery store when Wylie found the dinosaur bones . And now, scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil. It's believed that the bones Wylie found belong to a nodosaur, a a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin .
These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. Professor Allyson Pollock wants to see rugby made safer for children, with an end to scrums and tackles — where nearly all the injuries occur .
The adapted chair by SII Deutschland, beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany. Sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat, the SANTO seat (Special Accommodation Needs for Toddlers and Overweight Passengers) aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
After the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend, Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "most unsettling sculpture" in a letter to The Hollywood Reporter. He said the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue. But the controversy may not be over.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach while out walking during the school break. The Mirror reported the two mothers held the baby and young girls' heads above the rising tide until volunteer lifeboats reached them.
Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona . In a poll carried out by Spanish publication 'Sport', Bellerin carries 12 per cent of the vote, with Glen Johnson also included with a mere two per cent. The young Spaniard has impressed Arsene Wenger with his rapid rise this season, improving defensively .
A sting set up by police between Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and the woman who claims he groped her has revealed he did not deny touching the model, it has been reported. Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, has claimed the 63-year-old Hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. But while Weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations, a recorded conversation between him and Battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel. Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. The jolt was felt widely in the San Fernando Valley and parts of northern Los Angeles County.
That's according to former police officer, Darren Stanton, who has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. 'Statistically it's a myth that a liar can't look you in the eye. Liars often twitch when they are being untruthful,' he says.
Constable's masterpiece Beaching A Boat, Brighton was looted by the Nazis from its Jewish owner during the Second World War . The discovery of the permit in the archives of Budapest’s Museum of Fine Arts is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
That idea, it turns out, was actually under consideration. But NBC-TV4 in Washington reported that 'there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it.' A sitting U.S. congressman suggested in November that the Secret Service would be better able to protect the president and his family if 1600  Pennsylvania Avenue took a more mediaeval approach to security with a moat. Tennessee Democratic Rep. Steve Cohen made the idea part of his brainstorm in a Q-and-A session with then-Acting Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy during a Capitol Hill hearing. a straight-faced Cohen asked.
Britons spend an astonishing £100 million a year on cough syrup – when a glass of honey and lemon could work just as well, according to a new BBC television investigation. The investigation claims branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ‘clever marketing’ to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products .
With reports that Lubitz apparently ignored those warnings, there are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude. But the project was ultimately scrapped. He also worries that the autopilot software could be vulnerable to hackers.
On Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight. Who was Walter Scott?
Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive. 'I don't know that much about her political baggage,' conceded San Mateo, California native Maya Poddar, 19. Dartmouth, the only Ivy League school in an early presidential primary state, is picture-postcard-beautiful but also isolated. Clinton is visiting New Hampshire on Monday and Tuesday for the first time since she launched her presidential campaign online a week ago.
The former home was where evil killer Stuart Hazell, 39, murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft. The property, which is owned by Croydon Council, was demolished to avoid it becoming a sick tourist attraction.
David Seaman says this save against Sheffield United was the best one he ever made during his career . 'Although I didn't know it at the time, it turned out to be my last game for Arsenal.
But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 – which could mean complications for his wife of 29 years, Barbara, and their three adult children. His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that Shelly Sterling couldn't seek them from a third party. Tuesday's ruling comes nearly a year after Stiviano's recording of Donald Sterling making racially offensive remarks bounced him from the NBA and cost him team ownership. Shelly Sterling filed the suit against Stiviano about a month before the recording of Donald Sterling telling Stiviano not to associate with black people created an uproar and led the NBA to ban him for life and fine him $2.5 million.
David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts actors Jared Leto as the Joker, Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. Hollywood Reporter: 'Suicide Squad' is 'Dirty Dozen' with supervillains .
We've seen a few teases so far, but on Friday night, director David Ayer gave us the first full look at Jared Leto as the Joker.
Harry Kane's participation with England at this summer's Under 21 European Championship remains in  doubt after Tottenham confirmed they will travel to Malaysia for a post-season friendly.
'Get well soon': Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week . His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012 .
Mother-of-two Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at the age of 12, and suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Cheryl fought for six years for treatment on the NHS before finally getting approved. Even Conchita Wurst sent me a message saying "I really apologise, you shouldn't be penalised."
Bafetimbi Gomis lifts the ball over Hull goalkeeper Allan McGregor to seal a 3-1 victory for Swansea . Gomis celebrates his second goal of the afternoon to push Hull close towards the relegation zone . McShane got Hull back in the game before David Meyler was sent off and Gomis finished the job in stoppage time.
Thousands of fish, weighing 100 tonnes, have been found dead at a lake in Huizhou City in southern China's Guangdong Province . The farmer stands to lose over 1 million RMB (£110,000) in potential sales, and claimed he would need at least a decade to recover. Bags upon bags of salt are emptied into a bucket ready to be poured into the water in an attempt to restore the chemical imbalance .
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of  stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway. He was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to tightly with both hands when he was hit.
Called the Michigan Micro Mote, to tiny technology is a complete computer system. The Michigan Micro Mote contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually.
But in the days after the 2013 attack, the users of the subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high-profile event. Their claims - based on the analysis of photos and videos of the marathon - even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi, a Brown University student who was missing, being wrongly identified as the bomber. Now, the moderator of the subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became 'its own beast' in the wake of the April 15 bombings - in a new documentary.
A northern Indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs wouldn't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened Thursday to a full house of friends, regulars and people wanting to show their support. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours . O'Connor said he hasn't received the money yet, but said he plans to give some to charity and use some money to make improvements to the restaurant.
Together again: Carrie Fisher, who is reprising her role as Princess Leia, and Mark Hamill, who is Luke Skywalker, were arm in arm on the stage in Anaheim on Thursday before the second trailer for Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens was rolled out . Kennedy said he was home resting, and getting well as fast as he can. Abrams also called the veteran actor, who is married to Calista Flockhart, a 'real hero.' He was joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and is heard saying, 'Chewie, we're home.'
Louise Redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean .
The New York Post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge, Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. 'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference announcing Cherry was being placed on modified duty. Cherry's case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'.
Making friends: Ms Fritz had the surprise of a lifetime when the baby elephant seal came out of the water for a cuddle during an expedition to Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula . Charlene, from Saskatchewan, Canada, said: 'The seal climbed on top of me without hesitation.
Message: This picture of Bahar Mustafa, the student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University, shows her posing in front if a 'no white men' sign while pretending to cry .
When you consider 80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes, it's hardly surprising studies show eye contact to be the most effective way to signal sexual interest. Tracey Cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get someone's attention .
Jennifer Barnett worked Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have her fourth child. Mr Barnett and his family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for Mrs Barnett's death and are now taking legal action against Gloucestershire County Council.
Modelling the collection - priced between £14 and £85 - is Emma Louise Connolly, the current face of Ann Summers and the bombshell girlfriend of Made in Chelsea’s Ollie Proudlock .
Mr Dahl's wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire. In later years, given his success with the Pet Rock, he authored the self help book Advertising for Dummies.
A Northumbria Police spokesman today confirmed she will retire with full pension despite being the subject of an investigation. Ms Baird said: 'Chief Constable Sue Sim gave me formal notice of her decision to retire on Wednesday April 8 and she will leave the force on June 3 when she has completed 30 years of public service in policing. Ms Sim said she would co-operate with the inquiry.
The bird interrupts the training session by approaching a football and giving it a peck before enjoying a kick-about . Excited by the movement, it runs after it and rolls the ball to the right before jumping up on it with both feet.
Zinedine Zidane has sparked a potential transfer battle with Chelsea after claiming that Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Zinedine Zidane, picture playing in a United Nations charity match, has revealed his admiration for Hazard .
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million, and has topped the list of America's richest streets, compiled by Zillow. Even music's power couple Jay Z and Beyonce once called the island home. The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course. Second in the list is Beverly Park Circle, home to Denzel Washington and Eddie Murphy, among other big names, where the average price tag is a massive $16.238million. 15.
The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month, in a game where Bayern also lost fellow winger Arjen Robben .
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), which teaches people to focus on the present moment, has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants, a study found . An MBCT course could be offered as an alternative to drugs .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing Ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece. Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match after successfully appealing .
Sandro has defended former manager Harry Redknapp, saying he is not at fault for QPR’s predicament near the foot of the Premier League. ‘I don’t think it’s fair to blame him,’ he said.
Gerard Pique leads the celebrations after Barcelona secured a 3-1 victory in Paris on Wednesday night . Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination from the Champions League . Barcelona manager Luis Enrique was delighted with his side's showing and reserved special praise for Suarez.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond. Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape. Miss Belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players, but they were never charged . She later testified against him (pictured) Convicted rapist: Grizzly running back Beau Donaldson, Huguet and McLaughlin's attacker, pleaded guilty to rape in 2012 and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison . Belnap (left) claimed four players gang-raped her in 2010, but prosecutors never charged them citing lack of probable cause .
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs during the club's U21 clash with Leicester on Monday. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements at Old Trafford and will be sold in the summer .
Manchester City's captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance to watch the club's Under 18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final final first-leg.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London for a £1.8million fraud when he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'. The judge, Recorder David Hunt QC, described the escape as 'sophisticated and ingenious'.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' Low self esteem: 83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average . On film: The statistics are highlighted in a new video by Dove which shows women having to walk through doors, either marked beautiful or average . Inspiring campaign.'
Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can. 'He's either eating or sleeping.
Family wiped out: Eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon . Deceased father: Relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven Rodney Todd Sr, 36, pictured left and right . They said Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys. Bonnie Edwards identified the children as boys Cameron Todd, 13, and Zycheim Todd, 7; and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6.
Dundee's Paul McGinn (left) and Celtic's James Forrest (right) battle for the ball at Den's Park on Wednesday . Scorers: McAlister 87 . The opening goal from Mackay-Steven relaxed them markedly. The Dutchman stepped up and thrashed the ball into the top of the net. Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk doubles Celtic's lead with a stunning free-kick against Dundee at Den's Park .
Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing them a spot in the Europe League . Stoke are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table and are set to miss out on European football next year . The hit has become Stoke's unofficial club anthem and is a regular chant at the Britannia Stadium.
A mother-of-five has been convicted of killing her newborn baby girl by filling her mouth with toilet paper and hiding her body in a suitcase. Earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat.
Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl. Tuah's father was Eli, an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the Super Bowl winner seven years in a row.
Jonathan Trott prepared for his first Test appearance since leaving the Ashes tour in turmoil 18 months ago with back-to-back failures in St Kitts. Alastair Cook . Ian Bell .
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m). Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time.' 'It was never intended to discriminate against anyone,' Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long said this morning at a press conference. The altered bill would more closely mirror federal legislation . The fixes passed the state's Senate last night and will now be considered in the House.
North Korea. And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, a government-funded think tank, estimates that "Dark Seoul" caused about $820 million worth of damage.
The footage appears to show a homophobic chant – sang along to Lily Allen song Smile – being aimed at Cole, who left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006. A Metropolitan police spokesman told Sportsmail: 'Police are aware of the video currently circulation on social media.
Deep within Utah's San Rafael desert, thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows. Goblin kiss: The sun bursts through two lifelike rock formations, known as hoodooos, in the Goblin Valley State Park in Utah's San Rafael . The magnificent hoodoos are a geologist's dream created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone over millions of years .
This is the terrifying moment a rampaging elephant charged at a man and squashed him into the mud after invading his village in India. Locals were trying to coax the elephants back into the forest when one suddenly became violent.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the Barclays Premier League next season after persuading the Old Trafford hierarchy to agree to a short and sharp pre-season tour of America in July. United beat Liverpool in the final to win the International Champions Cup last summer . It is understand, however, that Van Gaal has recently performed a volte face and expressed a preference for the more agreeable climates of the west.
Research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of foods. Meanwhile, the high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding. The so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine, helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more, if served alongside the right music.
She said: 'Jeremy will be back on the BBC. It's serious and unfortunate what happened but there is no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC. Kim Shillinglaw refused to say who would be replacing Clarkson. Asked if it would be a woman, she said female candidates were being considered .
Step forward Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy. Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the weekend as he inspired Leicester to an unlikely victory .
Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Instead of selling her old house, like he advised, Buchanon's mother rented it to his aunt. This left Buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years. Instead, his mother asked for $15,000 in cash. She ended up losing the home.
The three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree. Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the race in Shanghai . ‘He has to sort himself out. Rosberg is supremely professional.
It is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four, and who already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent of group in 2013 . Most of the immigrants are from Jamaica and Haiti . Black immigrants tend to be older, more likely to have a college degree and less likely to live in poverty than the US-born population, according to the Pew report. Foreign-born blacks are also more likely to be married and have a higher income.
Gareth Bale has been urged to ignore a return to the Premier League and persevere at Real Madrid by former Wales manager Mark Hughes. The world's most expensive player has endured a difficult second season at the Bernabeu.
Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia, where the pay is higher and workload less stressful. A poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether.
A hat-trick of tries from teenage winger Ash Handley helped Leeds to a handsome 41-16 win over reigning champions St Helens that takes them six points clear at the top of Super League. Leeds have now played every other team in Super League and, with just one defeat in their opening 11 matches, will take some stopping as they eye a first league-leaders' title for six years.
A self-proclaimed animal lover was ‘shocked’ and ‘disgusted’ to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home. Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. ‘It is something I would want to be aware of so I posted it on my page and then shared it to Paw Justice , RSPCA and anything else I could think of’ ‘It is something I would want to be aware of so I posted it on my page and then shared it to Paw Justice, RSPCA and anything else I could think of,’ she said.
MLS side Orlando City are the latest club to have expressed interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. Javier Hernandez is linked with a move to Orlando City after enduring a tough time on loan at Real Madrid .
Accused: Dr Ram Manohar, 38, of Barnston, Wirral, has denied four counts of sexual assault . A senior doctor facing sexual assault allegations from two separate nurses is accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying 'you bad girl' after smacking her on the bottom. Manohar, of Barnston, Wirral, denies four counts of sexual assault.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont on April 18 . Farrell has been out of action since he suffered a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January .
It's not just UV rays that suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red A rays, too. Meanwhile others say they protect the skin from the inside. Here, consultant dermatologist Bav Shergill gives his verdict .
The rapid growth and establishment of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has been far from an accidental rise of religious fanaticism, but a calculated move orchestrated by one of Saddam Hussein's closest men. A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling's (CIRC) report concluded that, under Verbruggen's leadership, the UCI had colluded with Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times Tour de France winner had doped. I would like to make you aware that I am having the report analysed by Swiss lawyers.'
'The operation is necessary to extinguish the fire completely.' The news agency reports said the fire had started during welding, causing insulation materials to catch fire.
(CNN)The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail. Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on April 4 . He's training, he starts training with the rest of the squad next week.'
Pally said the foundation expected to refile some of its tax forms, following a voluntary external review, because it had 'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. The Clinton Foundation is said to have taken more than $140million in grants and pledges in 2013, spending $84.6 million on 'functional expenses' including payroll and just $9million on direct aid.
Haul: The cherry picker collecting drugs from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool . Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool - hurled there from the outside by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help his side qualify . Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive . Sent off: Lens 40 . Referee Jonas Eriksson shows Holland international Lens a second yellow card in the 40th minute .
A 23-year-old student who was attending the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival was struck and killed by a freight train just a few miles away from the event's California site, police said on Monday. Jannik Andersen, a student at the University of Colorado, was hit by the train in the 45000 block of Pacific Street in Indio, four miles north-east of Coachella's grounds, shortly after 3am on Saturday. They described him as a 'genuine' and always 'happy' man. Above, crowds at the festival on Sunday . He told his 78,000 followers: 'RIP Jannik Andersen'.
The Australian Navy, pictured, is processing migrants' claims while at sea before returning them home . Australian PM Tony Abbott, pictured, has said his country's immigration controls have been strengthened . EU leaders will hold a crisis summit in Brussels today to agree a strategy after up to 900 were killed when a fishing boat from Libya capsized.
In an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the Australian market, cable TV's Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate - under which both Foxtel and rival Netflix share the rights - allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
An app which allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves has been slammed for 'making a mockery of violence'. Scar Booth, which is available from the Apple iTunes store for 79p, offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating.' Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the French Cup final on Wednesday. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago, and Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and and keep them on course for quadruple.
Impressive: Gina Maria Schumacher is photographed taking part in the week-long NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday afternoon . Halt: Gina Maria Schumacher wore a variety of elaborately decorated outfits and a brown stetson hat . Michael Schumacher, 46, remains under the care of medics at his home on Lake Geneva following his catastrophic ski accident in the Swiss Alps in 2013.
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and seven-year-old son Phoenix, were travelling back to Washington DC after a birthday trip to Disney World, Orlando, when they discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew. The family were flying back on a United Airlines flight from Orlando to Washington (file photo) However, staff allegedly refused to clean and scrub down the affected area, and the passengers were given blankets, which they say did nothing to remove the pungent smell.
Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children. Dine said there was "no nexus to terrorism" apparent so far in this incident. Members of the Capitol police force, which responded to the scene, did not fire their weapons, Dine said.
CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie (The Hollywood Reporter first broke the story).
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes .
The Conservative and Labour parties will get a nearly identical number of votes in the general election, a new poll predicts. The poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote, with Labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent. The Liberal Democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent, slightly ahead of UKIP with 12.7 per cent, and 'others', including the Green Party and independent candidates to get 10.3 per cent.
New York's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at high-flying DC United. San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Sanna Nyassi scores the only goal in his team's win over Vancouver .
All well and good having Brazilians in your team but they have to be the right ones – Barcelona reached the Champions League semi-finals at the Nou Camp at Paris Saint Germain’s expense and Neymar tied David Luiz in knots in the process. Luiz was also booked inside the first five minutes for a foul on Andres Iniesta, who ran the first half. Neymar celebrates scoring his second goal of the night to put Barcelona 5-1 up on aggregate to set up a semi-final place .
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at one of Saturday's Reclaim Australia rallies. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
Liverpool boxer Paul Smith (left) is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20 . Smith has lost his last two world title challenges to Arthur Abraham (left) of Germany .
Three time major winner Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters . A month ago Harrington had fallen outside the world’s top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the Honda Classic in Florida. ‘Last year? Take Dustin Johnson. Rory McIlroy heads to Augusta looking to complete a grand slam of winning all four majors .
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings. In 2012, that number was 94.9 percent. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were childless last year, researchers found. 49.6 percent of women 25 to 29 years old were childless in 2014, as opposed to 49.4 percent in 2012, according to the data from the U.S. Census Bureau.
In a separate hearing earlier Thursday, Wingate also sentenced Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, of Crystal Springs to five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime. Horrific: Graves and Richards were in the car when a group of white teens drove from their suburban town after a party with the specific intent of assaulting black men in Jackson, which they called 'Jafrica'. Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
A four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for £2,200 has been verified as once belonging to King Henry VII – and it could now be worth millions. The carved four-poster bed, which has been revealed as Henry VIIs, was reportedly created for the marriage of the first Tudor King and his wife, Elizabeth of York, on January 18, 1486.
PJ Spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife Tracy, who was told her life-long battle with Lupus would kill her if she didn't get a transplant. But the next day the couple from Birmingham, Alabama, were dealt a blow: his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation. Refusing to accept the diagnosis, PJ embarked on a relentless fitness regime. In February, they went under the knife together.
Fast-casual chain Chipotle says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos (file photo) 'We don’t know for sure when we’ll be fully supplied again,' Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold told Bloomberg.
Egyptian-born Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John, whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi. Now, security services are believed to be investigating al-Sibai's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part. More recently, he made headlines after a female Lebanese TV presenter cut him off for making sexist comments live on air.
For a start, at 28 he would appear to be too old for Louis van Gaal, who prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player. Radamel Falcao has struggled at Manchester United after signing on loan from Ligue 1 side Monaco . Louis van Gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off Cavani by Falcao's spell .
Groups from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested in buying Albion after Peace confirmed he would be open to offers in February. West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150million and £200million .
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. But now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in an April 9 note to Lords authorities.
It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby and the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. This season is not seen as any real exception, despite the presence of four English sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup. In World Cup year it would provide a clear boost to national morale if one of their elite clubs could shatter the status quo by lifting the trophy on May 2 but there are significant reasons why an English triumph shouldn't happen.
The west London club, who agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February, are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old international would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer, although Mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy. Jose Mourinho admits that Chelsea do consider commercial deals when signing new players .
Anthony Trollope, a famous novelist, introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France . The limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of Trollope and his life, including the first post box design.
The Daily Telegraph reports that Ross Taylor of the Indonesia Institute said provided protections were in place, opening up the au pair system to more workers from Indonesia could help deal with the crisis. Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says foreign nannies are not the solution for increasing problems with the childcare system . Mr Shorten says that's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors .
John Carver says that he's enjoying his role at Newcastle and believes he's getting the best out of the players . Newcastle have won just two games under Carver and fans are desperate for him not to be named manager .
Known as Lung Wong, or the Dragon King, the fossilised item is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull, measuring 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long. The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago. The fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Samantha Simmonds and husband Phillip Davies with their children, two, four and six . Honest: In her blog post, the Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes ‘working mum guilt’ The newsreader – who has worked for Channel 5 and BBC News as well as Sky – said she struggled to cope when the boys turned on each other in the car. Together they are a ticking time bomb,’ she wrote.
The Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire, as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending, but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Nigel Farage's campaigning got off to a faltering start today as he missed a Ukip event after getting stuck in traffic. He had hoped to use a return to the campaign trail after the bank holiday weekend to highlight Ukip's call to spend 2 per cent of gross domestic product on defence.
England captain Wayne Rooney issues instructions during the 1-1 draw against Italy on Tuesday night . Graziano Pelle opened the scoring as England deservedly went behind in the first half against Italy . Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side during a much-improved second period .
Con: Two grinning conmen were caught on camera as they stole an 80-year-old man's savings after tricking him into giving them his debit cards and PINs . West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice .
Little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year . The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach . Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour .
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Arsenal fan AP McCoy, who retires from a remarkable career on Saturday, will be honoured at the Emirates . The ECB are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the T20 Blast, which is considered hugely important for growing the game.
McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . And he is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs. McCall is adamant that despite the revival, his Rangers side are yet to achieve anything in the Championship .
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to Iran.
Teachers are having to use Google Translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children. A union conference heard today that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak English.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. STEVEN KHALIL . KATE SYLVESTER .
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort. Zeta Beta Tau International confirmed that three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000  from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
The 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France in Paris for good measure. Juventus scouts were at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action .
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer and is keen on a move to England . The Ghana international admits he supported Liverpool as a boy and would like to play for the Anfield club . Ayew, who is represented in England by agent Mark McKay of ExcelFoot, added: 'I grew up watching English football and I support Liverpool.
And work is also under way to build Dubai's first opera house in The Lagoons area. There are also several trendy art galleries in this area.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. The Afghan, whose identity has been kept secret by the courts, had an initial claim for sanctuary rejected by Home Secretary Theresa May. But in a controversial move, immigration judges have now thrown out her decision and given SAKA permission to stay because he was entitled to asylum and protection under human rights laws.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol-related problems this school year, including the death of a student. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. And in September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash. The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames, said Sgt. The Georgia State Patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged.
The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
Another group felt her prayers were misplaced and were instead needed elsewhere, such as for the victims of the Nepal earthquake. So now it's wrong to pray? 'Damned if I do. Damned if I don't'. Protests over the unexplained death of Freddie Gray have since spread to six American cities .
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end . McLaren have struggled for pace - and with mechanical faults - during the first two Grand Prix of the season .
Winners are grinners: The couple have been embroiled in a legal battle over additions they'd planned to make to their home which their neighbour argues will 'destroy' her views . She said Ms Goyer's views were not 'extensive or iconic' and that they were already at risk of being built out because of the streets subdivision arrangement.
A map showing the areas of Leeds, where the rapist had been stalking women on the night of the attack . In a graphic CCTV sequence the man is seen dragging the woman from the bus stop and into a garden to rape her . This is the blood-stained rock used by a rapist to hit his 18-year-old victim over the head 20 times before sexually assaulting her in a harrowing attack .
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online. The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films. Ms Gent's other films include Dead Walkers: Rise of the 4th Reich and Awesome Killer Auditions.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. 'There's just no common sense,' Chris, 20, told Daily Mail Australia. He also suggested introducing penalties to help improve the quality of service.
A boy of 13 has become one of the UK's youngest murderers after he was jailed for killing a woman he had just mugged by stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek. Killed: Glynis Bensley was murdered by Petri Kurti, 13, as she walked home in Smethwick, West Midlands . He sentenced the 13-year-old to 12 years imprisonment for the murder with five years concurrent for robbery. Also jailed: Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for manslaughter and robbery .
The property, in north west London, which has 'superb views' over a London park, was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple's 14-year marriage. The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over. But the judge refused to grant the woman the £205,014 she was seeking annually to spend on jewellery, handbags and cars.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema when they face city rivals Atletico on Wednesday night.
The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. Moran is currently a sergeant at that facility. Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements, according to the department. Bondi's office said the three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. The group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, to terrorists.
Police in Surrey have released CCTV of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts before attempting to rob the Esso filling station in Town End Caterham, Surrey early last Wednesday evening . She added that a third man, aged in his 20s, had been arrested and released on police bail while the investigation continued.
Marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder Florian Thauvin in the summer . Valencia and Chelsea have also watched the France Under 21 international in action .
More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped. No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint and requested medical attention. Above, firefighters seen at Grand Central Station .
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone – a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder – before her daughter Zaani was born late last year. It emerged yesterday that Miss Bevan – who is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems – had been advised by medics to stop taking the drug ahead of Zaani’s birth. She said: ‘She was not taking risperidone – what action was being taken and what impact was that having on her mental health?’ The coroner also said there were further questions for the hospital to answer, adding: ‘The ward she was on - was it appropriate for her to be on and were all the staff trained and able to deal with her needs?
When our colleague want to see them, he was shown a group of children and asked which one he wanted to take. Either way, two girls would be ready tomorrow, he said.
Mid-sea rescue: Coast Guard life boats facilitated a rescue of crew members from the Liana's Ransom, who had to leap from the replica schooner . Pulled out: Crew member Luke Arbuckle shorted the jump as the two boats tilted away from each other and struck his head against the boat before being airlifted to the hospital . The boat was towed to  Kittery Point Yacht Yard in Eliot, Massachusetts, on Tuesday evening where it will be repaired.
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours, and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board. In London, hotels that it has signed up include H10 Waterloo, The Kingsway Hall Hotel, Yotel Heathrow and Gatwick, Crowne Plaza London - The City, Academy Hotel, and Threadneedles, Marriott Autograph Collection.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water, the Coast Guard said.
Kelli Jo Bauer, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing and selling these goods out of her nearly $1 million home . Bower had apparently told the undercover officers she was selling the clothes because she had lost weight .
Although the campaign has barely begun, most of the candidates -- and some  probable candidates -- are already starting to make mistakes. Chris Christie called for substantial cuts to Social Security.
A man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages with poisonous pellets inserted into them . The cocktail sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. They were found hidden among grass on the trail. * Blood in the stool .
Instead, she continues to claim £18,712 a year in benefits - the equivalent of a £22,000 taxable salary - which is more than a nurse's starting wage and the same pay as a newly-qualified teacher. Doctors have now warned Ms Coulson that she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she can only do that with a state-funded support worker to help her write meal plans .
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback and British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights. 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena . His promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that Chisora has been back in the gym for the past month .
Shanay Walker, found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July. Morris told police officers Shanay, who she was the legal guardian for, had fallen down the stairs. The vast majority of these were bruises which were distributed across the face, torso, arms and legs. 'It was lie told to try to cover up the truth that she had subjected her niece, a child in her care, to a sustained, vicious and brutal beating.
Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and wrote to Pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him. On Monday at Selhurst Park, Pardew, now manager of Crystal Palace, meets Pellegrini and Manchester City again having taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
Taxes on earnings went up by nearly £1,900 under 13 years of Labour, figures have revealed – as George Osborne warned ‘they’ll do it all again’. Chancellor  George Osborne (left) has warned that taxes will rise under Labour and said the party had 'form' on rising taxes.
Skin cancer: Richie Benaud, pictured at the SCG in January 2013, revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment, admitting that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but using the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads . What a catch: Richie Benaud, pictured with his beloved wife, Daphne, at  Randwick racecourse in 2007, said that following a serious car crash and then treatment for skin cancer he and Daphne had been walking for '40 minutes a day' to ease him back to good health in the hope he could return to the commentary box . 'I recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads,' he said.
Choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business (picture posed by model) Others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores, which drag on for a lifetime.
The victim then woke at around 3am to find Coyne raping him. He still denied the crimes but was found guilty by a jury. 'Coyne preyed on an unconscious customer whilst in his own pub and I would encourage anyone who believes they may have been a victim at the hands of Coyne to come forward.'
Boeing has just filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known as a 'cuddle chair' It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption. A spokesperson for Boeing adds: 'We aren't providing any further information or comment beyond what was detailed in the patent filing.'
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior . Following a disciplinary hearing the Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with Newcastle City Council for gross misconduct. Akers-Belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing after he made a series of allegations involving the authority's protection of vulnerable adults.
American expat Brad Reynolds has become the travel website’s top contributor, writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of Hong Kong, providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world.
The Nantucket wooden chair, which once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship, was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett. The current owner acquired it in 2001.
The Lib Dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. Nick Clegg's wife Miriam today revealed how she is juggling the election campaign with making sure their three sons are 'OK during this intensive time'.
Delonte Martistee, 22 (left), and Ryan Calhoun, 23 (right), have been officially suspended from Troy University in the wake of sexual assault claims . The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. Authorities  are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected. Martistee of Bainbridge, Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team .
Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime. We're glad that if they're going to indict that they've indicted so we can get to work."
Luis Suarez (9) has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photograph . The forward admitted that Real Madrid were 'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca . Suarez admits that the bite was the worst moment of his career as he received a four-month playing ban .
Assured access to space is an area where the U.S. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains, which are subject to disruption, threats, unfavorable contracts and undue leverage against the interests of the U.S.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin proved the difference as Orlando City earned all three points against Portland Timbers at a sold-out Providence Park. Kaka's second-half penatly helped Orlando City win their second away game of the season .
Witnesses said Paul was 'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck, reported Kentucky.com. Paul failed a field sobriety test, reported Lex18.com. Paul,  a senior at the University of Kentucky majoring in communications, has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room. Screen icon: Ava Gardner pictured with a cigarette in hand looks happy and relaxed in her 'little London retreat' The beauty, who was the second wife of crooner Frank Sinatra, moved to London in 1968 and made 34 Ennismore Gardens her primary residence for over 20 years. The apartment in her building is being offered for rent by Tunstall Property for £10,500 per week, which equates to £546,000 per year.
Bookmakers Coral have Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins (left) as favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson (right) as the host of Top Gear . Disgraced: Perkins is evens to take over from Clarkson (pictured) who was sacked by the BBC after he struck and verbally abused one of the show's producers .
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has addressed the revelations the recipes she shared were copied in an online video . Ms Bines is best known for her 12-week exercise program, Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge . The 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media, with almost one million followers . Ms Bines has also revealed she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . the supporter said. She said the media was to blame for 'depression and suicide'.
At Saracens, who take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final, the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. With a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment, Burger is the man you want on your team. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ‘unique among rugby players’, praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing.
A suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found near a police station in Massachusetts - as more remains have been discovered inside an apartment building. The person, who will not be identified until their arraignment on Monday, was taken into custody after the bag was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge on Saturday morning, according to authorities. They have not been charged with homicide.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud and are seven points behind Chelsea, with the Premier League leaders having to visit The Emirates in two weeks’ time — although Jose Mourinho’s team still have a game in hand. We are looking up, but we are looking at our next game because that is all we can control. Let’s focus on what we can master — our own performance.’ Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised Raheem Sterling, despite Liverpool's heavy defeat .
Sad decision: After an amniocentesis, the Ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter found out that her daughter wouldn't survive outside the womb, and she chose to get an abortion . With the knowledge that her health was at risk and her child would be unable to live, the woman and her husband made the decision to terminate the pregnancy. The couple had already picked out a name, Gwendolyn Renee. The woman said that she and her husband are still grieving and experience bouts of 'spontaneous sobbing'. 'I don't regret it,' she said.
Dedicated: Churchill Downs is inviting John Sutton Jr, 84, to attend the Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2, since he has attended every race for the past 76 years . Sutton says he was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby. Through the years: The Derby programs got more and more colorful over the years .
(CNN)By the elation online and in the streets, you'd think Iran had just won the World Cup.
Police are searching for a vandal who damaged a car park barrier while showing off his weightlifting moves. MailOnline is also trying to identify the man. Do you know him? If so, email keiligh.baker@mailonline.co.uk.
Regardless, the results of the Saudi campaign are unlikely to be positive -- one only need look at the way a much smaller Houthi force than today was able to outfox the Saudi military back in 2009.
Controversial: The scene portrayed a teenager testifying called Gavin Daly, played by Pete Davidson (left), in court during the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, played by Cecily Strong (right). The youngster tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit . The teen points to her and says: 'She is right over there, looking all fine.' Cassandra Lease said the scene was a new low, even for Saturday Night Live .
But the proposed extension of workplace rights to millions more staff is likely to meet with a backlash from some business leaders, who will have to bear the costs of absences. Critics will argue businesses cannot be expected to cope with more rights for employees as the economy recovers from the recession.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight. It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks. The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter announces Russia as the host nation for the 2018 World Cup . Republican John McCain is one of 13 US senators urging FIFA to think again . England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 .
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed the mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years. The 66-year-old used dozens of hay bales, blue tarpaulin and tyres to hide the house (above) from 2002 to 2006 .
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. Both pilots involved in the crash were students.
The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim. Statistics revealed by the Pew Research Center show the percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070.
Hostess Liu Siying appears to grimace as she's sprayed with the winners champagne in Shanghai . Siying says 'I did not think too much about it at all' after the Brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group . If she had wrote in and said she was really unhappy then perhaps I would be more concerned.'
A few years ago, the Calabrese was on the look out for "contrabandisti," smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs. We see some Italian fishing boats the crew knew by sight. He waves to the Tunisian boat, where an older man in a jacket waves back. More than 350 people died in that disaster.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs.' However, when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'.
Armed men killed eight people in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club on Saturday night that has close links to a notorious, now-closed prison. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. The prison is now closed. Police say that the killings, that took place late on Saturday night, are not related to any football rivalry .
Aston Villa's players were able to read messages of support from fans before their FA Cup semi-final clash against Liverpool as the words of wisdom were displayed in their dressing room. Aston Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match .
The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity, dramatically changing the capacity of male contraception, reports Science Alert. Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all . The Australian team behind the design, led by materials scientist Robert Gorkin, won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
Empire: The jeans designer relaunched her label last year as By Bettina Liano after going into liquidation in 2013 . Struggles: Bettina Liano previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the Apparel Group, which turned sour .
This adorable dancer's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. The talented toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
Financially-troubled CSKA Sofia's Latvian goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
And you too could join this group if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test. The Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high IQ. Mensa says it is ‘a society for like-minded people’ with the following aims: .
It's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the Earth ring like a bell, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. As  short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum . 'The hum is the least understood part of Earth's oscillations.'
Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show. The contest saw Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
It was mentioned in the publicity clip released by RTL that her fertility treatment - including both donated eggs and donated sperm - would never have been greenlighted in Germany. All her 13 children, ranging from Leila to a daughter of 44, were sired by five different fathers.
Sky Sports pundit Souness believes Hazard, who has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of Premier League games, will be named the PFA Player of the Year.
Cesc Fabregas wore a special protective face mask on Sunday as he scored the winning goal in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over QPR. Cesc Fabregas wore a  protective mask during Chelsea's clash with QPR after breaking his nose last week . Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted .
Royal Marine Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men, and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them, Exeter Crown Court heard. The otherwise exemplary Marine's personality changed because he was taking a powerful illegal steroid normally given to beef cattle to make them increase body mass, the court was told. Burnett was a Marine with an exemplary service record who has been thrown out of the Corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking steroids.
The video features an Australian doctor, known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi. The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi. The physiologist encourages more doctors to travel to Syria to help the struggling medical service. British female jihadi Aqsa Mahmood, could also be drafted into working as part of the Islamic State Health Service. Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas.
Hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but Henry feels the forward, on loan from Manchester United, owes all the credit to his team-mate. Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez earns his side Champions League victory with a late, late goal . Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner .
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell (right) is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City . Upton Park boss Sam Allardyce (centre) believes Cresswell would be better off staying to develop his game .
Timothy Norris-Jones, who had previously attacked his mother on two occasions, left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches, a court heard. The 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally 'caught her face' when he went to catch her in November last year.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday when they faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland. Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18 and had the world at her feet, before retiring at the age of 22 in February 2003 due to injuries.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 – the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded. The study also found that increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties. Life expectancy for English women is already among the worst in Western Europe.
The blue-eyed Australian doctor who features in the latest IS propaganda video has been identified as Tareq Kamleh . Calling himself 'Abu Yusuf', Kamleh introduces the launch of the Islamic State Health Service . 'He was a pretty normal guy, he didn't have any IS related interests' A university student who knew Kamleh, but did not want to be named, said he showed no signs that he would defect to the radical militant group. Abu Yusuf al-Australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the Islamic State's new medical initiative .
Brenda Finn, 30, says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence. Miss Finn is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the NHS, as she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain. Crucially, she feels it would save the NHS money to make the treatment available to alopecia sufferers, who may then not require expensive counseling or ongoing treatment for anxiety and depression.
Four years after becoming the youngest first-class cricketer in county history, Yorkshire's Barney Gibson has retired from the sport. The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket at such a young age .
Ricky Gervais has led an online charge against 'trophy hunters' after posting a picture of an Extreme Huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. Extreme: Francis' biography reveals she hopes to inspire more women to get involved with hunting .
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo who said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook (pictured). If Force Touch is added to the next iPhone, Mr Kuo said the change will be significant enough to warrant Apple adding the 7 moniker to any new handsets.
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company. The Ashton Canal in Manchester, which was turned into a giant bubble bath when fire crews tackled a blaze at a nearby chemical plant . The foam reached as high as six foot in some places and covered a 30 metre stretch along the water in the Clayton area of Manchester .
LeGarrette Blount will miss the first game of the new season after being charged with marijuana possession . Blount - who was waived by Pittsburgh, joined the Patriots in November and went on to win the Super Bowl - was banned for the first game of the season earlier this week.
The technologies developed for Icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets, namely Europa, a moon of Jupiter.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th Century. The property is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India . At the time the term was used to describe small, country homes used by the wealthy upper classes as a retreat to escape the heat of pulsing Indian cities.
During a recent TED talk, Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself 'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife', because she is married, noting that each of these words is just an honest description of what she is. Changing minds: Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them; Lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller figure will change their perceptions . It certainly challenged Lillian, who weighs in at 240lbs.
John Terry celebrates after the Premier League match between Arsenal and Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium . Jamie Carragher believes the Chelsea captain is the best defender to have played in the Premier League . Blues boss Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance against Arsenal as the 'best' he has seen .
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart (file picture) Coffee addicts in Windsor won't have to go far for a fix – after planners in the royal borough allowed two Costa shops less than 500 yards apart. It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart, plus the Costa Express at a petrol station between them.
The first tours started shortly after the film opened, but now buses emblazoned with The Sound of Music circle the city, day in, day out.
Nedum Onuoha (15) performed well at the back for QPR and kept Didier Drogba quiet throughout . Denied a goal by Courtois' brilliance. The Belgian goalkeeper was Chelsea's stand-out performer with a number of crucial saves . Cesar Azpilicueta (left) kept QPR's dangerous attackers quiet and was good going forward to join the attack .
GOALKEEPER: CARLOS KAMENI . CENTRE-BACK: RIGOBERT SONG . Song poses with his Fantasy Football Club XI which includes a whopping NINE Barcelona players .
England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in France, assuming everyone is fit of course.
The tourists, chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012, were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, as well as a name-making century from all-rounder Jason Holder. In the end they could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed on day five as Holder's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday and said she's injury-free and looking to qualify for the World Championships. The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds .
But the unfortunate reality is that the United States leads the world in incarceration, not education. At the same time, we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens.
Bayer Leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban after video footage emerged appearing to show him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after a defeat by Bayern Munich on Wednesday night. After initially being restrained (first photo), Spahic became involved in a clash with staff after the game .
But last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge. However on the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Hugely popular BBC Derby broadcaster Colin Bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer . Heartbroken colleagues paid tribute to the talented broadcaster following the news he had passed away at 7.05am yesterday. At Derby's match away at Millwall yesterday that finished 3-3, Rams' supporters chanted his name, singing 'there's only one Colin Bloomfield'. And as Shrewsbury Town won promotion to League One after beating Cheltenham Town 1-0, the Shrewsbury players revealed t-shirts paying tribute to Bloomfield. Thoughts with his family, friends and colleagues.'
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes. But Varian’s determination to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket on May 2.
John T. Booker Jr, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am. A religious leader who had counseled the 'troubled' young man said that he was mentally ill. Scroll down for video . Booker (left, in 2010 yearbook photo) had allegedly told Alexander Blair, 28 (right) about his plan to kill American soldiers and received money from him .
Two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator. Both Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on Facebook - but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed. After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself, pretending to be Abbie.
When you're allergic to life, a near-death experience is no big deal. After doing hours of research, Melissa, Barry and Brynn came up with their own diagnosis: mast cell disease. On bad days, even using her feeding tube causes her extreme pain.
The 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil, wearing a selection of summery ensembles. Supporting her from the sidelines was  Tom Brady, as well as many of her family members including her parents Vania and Valdir. Nobody loves life more then you and your beauty runs much deeper then what the eye can see. The highest-paid supermodel for the last ten years, she plans to publish a coffee table book and appear in a documentary on her life.
For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call!
Nico Rosberg fears the threat from Ferrari in this weekend's Bahrain Grand Prix, describing their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying'. Rosberg (left) trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings ahead of Sunday's race .
On Tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at Villa Park, trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger in these final, fraught weeks of the Barclays Premier League season. Sherwood and Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday .
Side-on hit: Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his board to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into the ditch . Chain of events: The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
Therefore, it is meaningless to congratulate me or others about it," he said. Rouhani said his government would not surrender to bullying, sanctions and threats, according to Press TV. 3 House Republican leader said a bill to ease any sanctions does not stand much of a chance in the U.S. House of Representatives or Senate.
The Anfield boss was fined at Blackburn Magistrates' Court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington, Lancashire, with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot, but subsequently had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons .
Only carry-on luggage was allowed on this Air India plane. Over the last few days, India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen, said Gen. Vijay Kumar Singh, the Indian deputy foreign minister who's overseeing the evacuation. Dozens of buildings were destroyed. The loading of passengers was swift.
And each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles, as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet, took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget. The BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms in its £1billion New Broadcasting House .
Kansas City Royals match against rivals the Chicago White Sox descended into a mass brawl yesterday. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight after the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois .
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. Rob MacFarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon, 'Little Mac', on social media on Thursday morning . He said: 'They are the tortoise in the story. He has found their 'evidence' before .
Coral Jones, 43, whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, had letters demanding her other children be taken into care. She was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger. She admitted that she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike 'for an extra 15 minutes' after getting a good school report that day in October 2012. The family has said they have struggled to come to terms with April's death.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission.
This is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team's 4-1 defeat. Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, from Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, who has two young children, slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip. Mr Hart could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde .
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the proceeds. But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died. Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later.
Portland Timbers defender Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States. Here, the 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2:30am UK time.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
A 3D printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose after it was left struggling for self confidence following an amputation. But an animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb. He said: 'He broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint.
The average woman will spend an eye-watering £18,000 on products for her face in her lifetime, but may be throwing those hard earned pennies down the drain by applying them incorrectly. Indeed, many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
Not according to nutritionist and author Sarah Flower, who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need. Eat: One portion of liver a week will ensure adequate Vitamin A.
A  giant turnip weighing a whopping 33lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in China's Yunnan Province. The monster vegetable, which weighs more than a three-year-old child, is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown, The People's Daily Online reported.
Kate Major Lohan has been arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report. Kate - who was ordered to rehab by Michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of Lindsay Lohan.
Burger King, which has launched its summer menu, has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie, while Pret A Manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo . Manchester City scouts were deployed to watch Porto full back Alex Sandro (right) this week .
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe, have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with  annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock. The images, captured by anonymous travellers, were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Former Arsenal forward Andrei Arshavin is set to be released by Russian league leaders Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season, along with veteran Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk. Zenit enjoy an eight-point lead over Krasnodar at the top of the Russian Premier League.
The RSPCA is considering abandoning its controversial policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case. The animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after its decision last month to drop the case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock Hunt in Dorset. Following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year, the RSPCA is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases.
The Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of the airline's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco, known for its laid-back California vibes. The airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman, also the Founder of the Mindfulness Institute, to develop the recommended practices.
Sharon Smith shed almost half her body weight after she decided to take up running . Sharon said she lost 4st through joining a slimming club but then shed another four-and-a-half stone after taking up her sporty hobby. At her heaviest Sharon was over 20st and a size 26 but she has now slimmed down to 9st 9lbs and is a size 10 .
According to Britain's Sunday Times, Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, and has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party. He is reportedly considering standing for Johnson's job in 2016 . Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city. London is due a new mayor in 2016.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked back from the shops near his home in Truro, Cornwall, because he has autism and looks vulnerable . Investigation office PC Kim James, from Devon and Cornwall Police, said: 'It was a vicious and unprovoked attack by a female and three males in their late teens or early 20s.'
A  psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman suffering from depression claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' and asked her to massage him during an appointment. Although there were discrepancies between Mr Dewar and the woman's account of events, a tribunal found that the woman's evidence was more credible.
Brave boy: Mark Gentle shared this photo of his seven-year-old son Carter modeling his open-heart surgery scars on Facebook after he found his son crying over his physical appearance . Dedicated dad: The father-of-three hoped to boost Carter's confidence by posting the picture, which has received nearly 1.5 million since it was posted last week .
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie’s writer Noel Clarke on Twitter. A number of abusive tweets were sent from Deacon's account to Mr Clarke’s account from March 5 to December 19, Hammersmith Magistrates’ Court in west London was told.
Huddersfield ensured their status in the Sky Bet Championship with three games remaining thanks to a goalless draw at Brighton. Birmingham's highly-rated winger Demarai Gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point in City's 2-2 draw against Blackburn at St Andrew's.
On Monday, close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that Kris didn't know Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to get her act together' when it comes to dealing with the news. He told Sawyer that Kris had seen him cross-dressing and knew that he had developed 36B breasts because he could no longer hide them from her. Solo: The Kardashian matriarch was out and about by herself on Monday . 'I never saw this coming, I've got to tell you,' she said. She also revealed that she had a long frank conversation with Bruce before his TV interview aired so she was prepared for what he said and also how to deal with the situation moving forward.
Tamerlan himself was killed in a police firefight a few days after the bombing, which he masterminded. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, an ethnic Chechen, was . found guilty earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer. Defense lawyers for Tsarnaev (left) have said that his brother Tamerlan (right) drove his brother to help him with the 2013 killings .
One of the most popular venues in Korea for business drinking is the karaoke bar.
Boyhood Aston Villa fan Stan Collymore covers the game against QPR on Tuesday night at Villa Park . Collymore cannot hide his delight when Christian Benteke scores to make it 2-1 to the home side against QPR .
Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared. Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis, researchers have now been able to prove that these teeth belonged to Protoaurignacian humans and are the oldest modern human remains in Europe. One of the teeth was found during an excavation of the Grotta di Fumane in northern Italy (shown above).
No, we don't have to call them thugs." The President and the mayor are wrong, he said. "I wanted to clarify my comments on 'thugs,'" she wrote Wednesday on Twitter. NFL player Richard Sherman has previously called the term "the accepted way of calling somebody the n-word nowadays." Obama has also used the term "thugs" in similar context.
That is why they are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, on the North Norfolk coast, into a secluded fortress home, far from prying eyes – and far removed from traditional Royal protocol. Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career. Royal aides have confirmed that the Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth (they will spend the first night at Kensington Palace) – as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping.
Sheila Elkan, who lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home in the classic 1970s TV series, backed David Cameron today after he launched his 'Good Life' manifesto. The 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986. Despite the programme being set in Surbiton, south-west London, the famous front and rear garden scenes were filmed at her home.
Jose Mourinho’s side could face Sydney  at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 - days after Spurs’ fixture against the same side. Chelsea are set to follow Tottenham’s lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June . Tottenham play on May 28 and a week before England's friendly away in Ireland, meaning international stars could forgo the trips.
As does the base, incidentally. Nick Paton Walsh's Afghanistan series: ISIS recruits in Taliban territory . With the clock ticking in the background, U.S. officer Colonel JB Vowell remains upbeat: "It's going to be a challenge, to get all those little hubs and spokes -- logistics to maintenance, supplies, resupply.
Masters chairman Billy Payne talked a lot  about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women’s Masters. It might well be Arnold Palmer, clad in his green jacket, snapped under the Oak Tree in front of the clubhouse alongside Niall Horan, the keen golf-playing member of One Direction but better known in these parts as Rory McIlroy’s par three caddy. Jack Nicklaus showed he’s still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in the Par-3 contest.
History of depression: Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich openly contemplated committing suicide for years before he shot himself on February 26, according to new police reports on the Republican gubernatorial candidate's death released Tuesday . Overwhelmed: Schweich shot himself in the head at his home in St Louis (above) just moments after calling an Associated Press reporter to set up an interview to discuss anti-Semitism in his own party . Missouri GOP chairman John Hancock (pictured) had allegedly told donors at a party that Schweich was Jewish. Schweich is a practicing Christian, but has ethnically Jewish roots . Schweich told Vincent he would have to 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself,' the report said.
Father-of-two Paul Doyle, 56, moved his family into an £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire, despite having never worked and living life ‘on tick’ and incapacity handouts. Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014, plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court. Going in: Doyle's family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets and later received an Asbo for terrorising other local children .
(CNN)The United States is urging China to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
enthuses Ahern, who says walking into her own colourful home gives her a 'squishy feeling of contentment' everyday. Colour behaves differently according to where you put it.
A Long Island cardiologist had the office of another doctor torched, then hired someone who turned out to be an undercover police officer in a failed attempt to have the doctor hurt or killed, authorities said on Wednesday. Moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison, prosecutors said. 'Dr. 'He had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm.'
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. He is looking at the practicalities of it.’ The Equality Act applies to clubs with mixed memberships. Male-only golf clubs are still legal.
111, where his rank plummeted following back surgery last year. Take a cue from his girlfriend: Woods can only hope to have the comeback that Vonn had. She won her 67th World Cup win and 18th season title after coming back from her second knee surgery .
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today with military bosses claiming the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. Saudi Arabia is leading a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen . Washington is stepping up weapons deliveries and intelligence sharing in support of the Saudi-led coalition .
Hundreds of relatives, friends and strangers have gathered to bid an emotional farewell to the 23-year-old man who perished in the gas explosion and building collapse in New York City last month. Mr Figueroa's brother, Neal, paid tribute to his 'best friend', who had worked as a camp counselor at Manhattan's Asphalt Green sports facility. Casket: Mr Figueroa's father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I appreciate everybody coming. The emotionla funeral was held at the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus (pictured) in the Upper West Side .
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi on August 2, 2006. Fallen hero: Marc Lee, right, was killed in Ramadi in August 2006. The remarks outraged Lee, who said she was shaking and reduced to tears to hear the general trivialize the city for which her son had died.
The FA Cup, the oldest knockout football competition in the world, is set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal . The deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the FA board on Thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year — but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Jakarta (CNN)An Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two Australian drug smugglers -- members of the "Bali Nine" -- to challenge their planned executions. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.
Former Celtic striker Hooper is mobbed by his team-mates as Norwich remained second in the Championship . Scorer(s): Le Fondre . Former West Brom midfielder Graham DOrrans celebrates after giving the visitors the lead on Saturday . And the visitors were in total control when Wanderers drew level totally against the run of play. Norwich striker Cameron Jerome heads towards goal during the clash at the Macron Stadium .
Parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. They are selling it for £185,000 to help pay for Craig Jr's prep school fees . ‘There is simply no comparison.’ The Morgans, from Hastings in East Sussex, settled on the idea of a private education for their children after CJ, who they say is academically gifted, found that he wasn’t being stretched at his state primary school.
Tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market, which research by Kantar shows has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £490million. Aldi, Waitrose and Lidl managed to increase thiers, with Aldi showing the biggest rise . Morrisons’ share dipped 1.4 per cent .
In March, the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label, like color or a logo, the product requires new approval from the administration.
But not everyone was smiling after Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills. The pair – daughters of Sir Paul's first wife Linda, who died of cancer four years previously – were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.
They host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win and will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if Burnley fail to win at Everton and they beat Swansea by three goals. Nigel Pearson's Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games .
FIFA have been called upon to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 World Cup to Qatar . New research by the Mail on Sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich Middle East state spent on deals — including legitimate trade deals — in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . WHERE ALL THE MONEY WENT... Voter: Michel Platini (France) - £14.72bn .
Leah Williamson (centre) stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against Norway . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday . Jenna Dear (right) scores with a header as England inched closer to European Championship qualification . 'Due to an incorrect application of the game's laws by the match referee, UEFA have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty.
Woods, meanwhile, will be joined by Sergio Garcia when he tees off at 1:15pm (6:15pm BST) Scroll down for Saturday's full tee times. Justin Rose will be in Saturday's penultimate pairing at 7:45pm UK time with Dustin Johnson . 7:25pm Ernie Els (Rsa), Kevin Na (Kor) 7:35pm Paul Casey (Eng), Phil Mickelson . 7:55pm Jordan Spieth, Charley Hoffman .
(CNN)Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States what Andreas Lubitz was for the 150 souls on the German Wings flight - a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into the rocks," the Minnesota Republican and former representative wrote in a Facebook comment posted March 31.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri . He declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch. On Tuesday, Gov. Attorney General Chris Koster said Cole became angry when he learned that a payroll withholding order was issued to his employer, taking the money out of his check. The first deduction appeared on his August 21, 1998, paycheck. Andre Cole used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab Curtis, then Terri Cole.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' and said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons. Her husband Bernie Deegan, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Lyons.
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village. The alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home.
Appearing under a fictional name to remain anonymous, Chef Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations. Looks a little different here: The dishes use cheap, everyday junk food, such as Fritos and Jimmy Dean sausage patties .
IDC said Samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones.
Heavy rain, wild winds and hails stones transformed the Blue Mountains and parts of Sydney into snowfields on Saturday evening . Warnings stated that 'large hailstones, heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds' were predicted . State Emergency Services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages . Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . It  cleared off the coast by 7pm.
Hire: Ruba Khandaqji (here) was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill Gov. Rick Scott . Pass this to your governor. Tell him she is hiring a hitman...okay? Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Timothy Crook (pictured) is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, and then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey Nissan Micra . Police said the car (similar to the one pictured) which Crook is said to have driven was not lost and was in the North of England .
Breakfast time: David and Samantha Cameron talk to their nine-year-old son Elwen in tonight’s ITV film . Phenomenon: During the show, Mr Cameron is teased for appearing to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book . Humble: Samantha Cameron told the ITV show that the family often teased the Prime Minister over breakfast as a way of keeping him ‘grounded’.
The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
This is the birth of a child who will be in line to the throne. The birth of Prince William was first announced on an easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982 .
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, according to Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher . Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night .
The case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January.
For the past three years, Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in . Jan's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes . Jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her .
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law. Club are confident that the deal to move into stadium does not contravene domestic or European legislation .
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
Sebastiano Quagliata (pictured) and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan, and agreed to 15 years in jail . The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township in July, and was 'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Over 700 guests, including superstars Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood, turned out to support their pal Christopher at the London in Los Angeles event at Griffith Observatory. Christopher Bailey's meteoric rise through the ranks at Burberry hit new heights after the Yorkshire-born designer was named CEO at just 42-years-old back in October 2013. And then there's the models. Of course, Bailey has put his golden touch on the clothes, too.
The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below. Breathtaking: The bikers were just 10 metres from the choppy waters below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday .
Cesc Fabregas returned to Emirates Stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011 . Chelsea midfielder Oscar had to be replaced at half-time after a painful-looking collision with David Ospina . Arsene Wenger (left) has not beaten Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho (right) in 13 games as the hoodoo continues .
It was the last time British Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins would compete for Team Sky, and told their official site before the race it was a great way to finish. 'Riders plug on to get to the finish', Sir Wiggins said before the race - where cyclists risked life and limb to cross a closed level crossing and beat the pack.
West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Barclays Premier League season after they dropped points by conceding late against Stoke City. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on in a game . Manager: Sam Allardyce 6.5.
Alanna and Stephen Goetzinger (pictured with their daughters Kayla, right, and Alice, left) lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife . Coroner McDougall found that Rana had died either 'during or shortly after birth' from meconium aspiration, a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth, preventing them from breathing. The  report also found that the midwife, who handed in her resignation following the inquest, changed her statement about the events of the evening, including the time of the baby's birth and whether the baby had exhibited signs of life. 'She then stated that "there was no heart rate and no signs of life after birth".' Alanna and Stephan have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's inquest . Mr Goetzinger said he wants an apology from the coroner for the claims in the report, and want to see their midwife's license reinstated without restriction.
Meanwhile, the Japanese government reportedly plans to dump 30 million tonnes of radioactive debris from the disaster in a waste complex by nearby village, Okuma. Standing guard: A police officer outside Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's official residence in Tokyo . Mr Abe was not in residence at the time as he is currently in Indonesia attending the Asia-Africa conference in Jakarta.
A Baltimore police officer was pictured Monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters . Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray.
The 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night.' The incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said Clemson didn't do enough to promote racial tolerance.
As flat head syndrome is considered a cosmetic problem, the NHS doesn't fund treatment. But Mrs Thomas went to a private clinic who warned Miles could lose his sight due to the condition .
The world No 1 won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of her Spanish opponent to claim her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002. World No 1 Serena Williams claimed her eighth Miami Open title on Saturday night .
Some  have been awol from Ford Open Prison for  as long as 10 years, according to information only now released by the Ministry of Justice. Fellow murderer Derek Passmore, right, escaped in 2013 after being jailed for beating a disabled man to death in 1996 . Among those who failed to return after a temporary release in June 2010 is 57-year-old Robert Donovan, who was convicted of stabbing a West End theatre manager to death.
Warren has publicly criticized so-called "fast track" trade authority that would allow the White House to negotiate massive, multination trade deals with little congressional oversight.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73,  thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal, tourist town of Dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers. Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student's body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18. Her family believes Ms Lapthorne was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea. It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
Tim McNaughton (pictured) is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself . Police believe he was shot dead by his 24-year-old son. All three men were friends and had been target shooting together before the incident . Greg McNaughton, 53, and Lindsay Hart were both pilots with the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Rockhampton, while Greg’s son Tim was an apprentice aircraft engineer with the company. He was visiting his parents in Queensland while on leave from his posting at an RDFS base in Alice Springs.
It also revealed the risky effects of drinking, as young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated. Another 23 per cent considered alcohol to be more harmful to their health than smoking . 53 per cent said the NHS should refrain from treating alcoholics .
Ashley Young meets Olly Murs outside Manchester United's Aon Training Complex ahead of MUTV filming . Young met the popular singer-songwriter after training to star as a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus . 'Funky house?' A mocked up image of how United manager Louis van Gaal might look in the Old Trafford dressing room .
Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci (right) scores his second try against Northampton . Nick Abendanon of Clermont dives over to score a try at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . At the heart of the onslaught was Abendanon.
Yesterday, Allie, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered her beau the ten-question document, which she dubbed 'The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test', and informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'. Passed: She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter (pictured), revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent .
An uninspired campaign has seen the Yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in League One.
A gang of criminals broke into the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend . It came shortly after firefighters  battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site . Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, John O'Connor, pictured, said the Holborn fire and the raid could be linked .
Cipriani fires over a conversion during Sale's 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday . Cipriani has been in superb form for Sale this season and was rewarded with a call-up to Stuart Lancaster's squad for the 2015 RBS 6 Nations campaign. George Ford was very much the first choice fly half for the tournament, but Cipriani made a number of impressive cameos from the bench against Italy, Scotland and France.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season . Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League .
The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. Bias: When Ukip leader Nigel Farage (right) said the audience was prejudiced, they only booed him further . David Dimbleby, who hosted Thursday night’s debate between the Labour, Ukip, Green, SNP and Plaid Cymru leaders, pointed out that the audience had not been selected by the BBC, but by a ‘reputable polling organisation’, later to be revealed to be ICM.
The unnamed child from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash, police said. Dollar: The children, and adults who were also given money, went on a spending spree. Some $7,000 has been recovered .
The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $99 (£65) to $69 (£45) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast. Devices:  Apple TV and on Phones and iPads from three months exclusively.
A Jakarta court is due to decide  whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The pair are currently being held in isolation on the prison island .
The increase has been put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions. The Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use when it reports back in the summer. And Labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot.
Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's Premier League trip to struggling Burnley as he recovers from a gashed knee suffered two weeks ago against Leicester City. Michel Vorm will deputise for Lloris. Mauricio Pochettino could be without striker Roberto Soldado at Turf Moor on Sunday .
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz over a possible partnership. Chelsea looking at alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem - Josh McEachran in action for the Dutch side this season .
Benjamin was born 12 weeks early, weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. Benjamin had five cardiac arrests, two emergency bowel operations and was even put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days .
Barry Beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. Three judges unanimously dismissed his challenge at the Court of Appeal, saying the amount he was charged 'is not extravagant or unconscionable'.
Hector Bellerin celebrates scoring Arsenal's first goal during the 4-1 victory against Liverpool . Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect Bellerin and Coquelin to be playing such key roles .
Passenger Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport in the city of Hefei, the capital city of eastern China's Anhui Province, when it smashed to the ground. But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor, cutting the man in several places.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. McElroy said she was 'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done, she wrote in a column for the Washington Post. The professor defends Drexel's  decision to investigate the matter. But McElroy said she wondered why no one thought to question the 'dignity of those who forwarded the unintended post'. Who has the power to decide?'
Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana. The swazi gold that stays in South Africa is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope.
Leigh Griffiths (left) fired Celtic into an early lead in their encounter against Inverness . Edward Ofere (left) equalised for Inverness from close range a minute after Griffiths scoring . With their team on such a poor run and struggling to score goals, the locals cringed — but Inverness rallied and produced an impressive response.
Exeter started sharply with Phil Dollman touching down before Northampton pulled back through James Wilson’s try. Lees attempts to break a tackle of the Saints forwards as he helped his side to victory over Northampton . Jamie Elliot dived over for a late try, but it was scant consolation for the travel-weary Northampton. Wasps' Tom Varndell on his way to a try hat-trick .
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan (right) but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone (left) Yan's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs. But her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever. You has now promised to feed her even more once they are married.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed .
Unique experience: Travel to the depths of the Atlantic Ocean to the wreck of the Titanic with concierge service Bluefish . The hefty price may seem like a lot but more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the Atlantic Ocean depths. 'More people have been into space than set eyes on the Titanic.' However it hasn't been plain sailing for Bluefish trips to see the famous ship.
The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack. He was targeting government workers collecting their pay at the bank, the terrorists said. In March, CNN reported on ISIS recruiting in Afghanistan.
Liverpool midfielder Raheem Sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . The 20-year-old (second right) recently snubbed a £100,000-a-week contract offer from the Merseyside club . Sterling, who has 14 caps for England, was snapped on a social media site with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’, suggesting there was more puffing in store for the youngster that night.
Huddersfield forward Jacob Fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
The country is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
And now we reveal the true cost of indulging this Easter. MINUTES/DISTANCE TO BURN THE CALORIES: 30 minutes . CADBURYS MINI EGGS 90g . Dr Christie has calculated that many popular eggs contain more than the recommended daily amount of sugar. Eating too much sugar can lead to obesity, type 2 diabetes, tooth decay, nutrient deficiencies, acne and behavioural problems, a nutritionist warns .
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson’s attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
Hadas' story reveals how entrenched the culture of FGM is Eritrea, which borders Sudan and Ethiopia, where the barbaric practice - the partial or total removal of external female genitalia for non-medical reasons - is even said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy. She revealed: 'I was separated from my family after problems started in my country and I was trafficked to the UK by men who raped me.
Mackenzie Moretter, who has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize, told her parents she wanted a 'big-girl party' for her tenth birthday. Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she'll never forget after hundreds of strangers showed up to celebrate with her . But to her surprise, more than 700 people joined a Facebook event she titled 'Mackenzie's Birthday Party'. 'We had hundreds of people arrive on Saturday.' Mackenzie made new friends of all ages throughout the day. Love to all.'
Rangers winger David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall . 'David made an error,' said the ex-Rangers midfielder. McCall also had words of warning for skipper Lee McCulloch, claiming his red card against Hearts could cost him his place in the Ibrox line-up.
Freed: María Jose Carrascosa was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter to the United States . Her release came in part thanks to a letter written to the court by Peter Innes. Tearful reunion: Carrascosa had a tearful reunion with her daughter via Skype following her release and says she plans to return to Spain as soon as possible . Carrascosa moved her daughter to Spain but continued the custody dispute in New Jersey when she was arrested in 2006.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession after she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. He said: 'This is a case where the teacher has exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability.'
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. SourceDNA has continued to monitor these apps and created a search tool to let developers - and phone users - check to see if their apps and devices are at risk.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month . Bertrand appreciates that breadth of options, but hopes to prove to Hodgson that he deserves to be further up the pecking order.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club's training ground on Wednesday morning . It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans . It comes after Marca gave Bale just five out of 10 while AS awarded him one star, as Spanish media tore into the Welshman following his one-on-one miss at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia (shown by the red marker), which is thought to have happened at 1pm on April 1 . The speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from 0.11 to 12.4 mph (0.17 to 20 km/h). They are usually triggered by heavy rainfall, so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water, it starts flowing downhill.
MK Dons boss Karl Robinson hailed the patience of his team as they beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One. If it’s not good enough to finish second we’ll go into the play-offs as the form team.’ Meanwhile, Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season as they stay a point ahead of the Dons after a 3-1 win at Notts County, who are staring relegation in the face.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet (six metres). The drone is about the size of an F/A-18 Super Hornet, weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg) and has a 62ft (20m) wingspan.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of Southampton on Saturday. Midfielder Darron Gibson (stomach) is a doubt but forward Kevin Mirallas (dead leg) and Steven Pienaar (knee) are back in contention. Southampton midfielder Steven Davis is a doubt for Saturday's Barclays Premier League clash with Everton.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence .
One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year McIlroy won his first major, so you could say they have mirrored each other, hit for greatest hit. Between them, Niall, an honorary member at Mullingar, Westmeath, and Rory might do more to stir up interest in golf among the young than any number of 'old fogey' initiatives. Niall Horan will swap girls screams for Augusta greens as he caddies for golfer McIlroy .
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday, with the Grizzlies defence shutting down Thunder star Russell Westbrook. San Antonio's Danny Green scored 21 points, including 6-for-6 shooting on 3-pointers, as the Spurs cruised past Denver 123-93 after losing Tiago Splitter to a calf injury during a strong start. Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Scroll down for video . As a makeshift lid . Add a dab of shoe polish to a paper filter and use it to shine your shoes . Keep clothes smelling fresh . Clean mirrors and glass .
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. Giorgi-Guarnieri said Hinckley should be allowed to start the band but not perform publicly. Hinckley's lawyer and treatment team say he's ready to live full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in Virginia under certain conditions.
lix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico with her boyfriend . 'She lived life to the full, loved to party and she and Jonathan were besotted with each other. Primary school students at Bowburn Infants School (pictured) are said to be devastated by news of her loss .
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience. ‘In a recent study, we found that an emotional experience can enhance memory for neutral information encountered previously,’ the researchers continued.
As Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off. 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. Paul, a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid on Tuesday in Louisville . When style gave way to substance on TODAY, Paul clarified that when he said in 2007 that Iran wasn't a threat to the United States, the world was different and he wasn't yet a candidate for the Senate.
Tries: Helu (2) Conversions: Goode. Toulon playmaker Frederic Michalak pulls the strings for the defending European champions . Wasps' No 10 Alex Lozowski kicks away from Michalak during their European Champions Cup quarter-final . I’m pleased that we were in it right to the end.’ Wasps defence descend on Toulon's Guilhem Guirado at the Felix Mayol Stadium on Sunday . Toulon speedster Delon Armitage makes a break for the defending champions .
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one from a store will be disappointed. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Usually, Apple launches generate long lines outside stores. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Rory McIlroy admits Thursday cannot come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the Masters . McIlroy followed Woods into the media centre at Augusta National and admitted the presence of the 14-time major winner - who was relaxed and jovial with the press - could work in his favour.
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged. Split: Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused her marriage to LA Angel Josh Hamilton to end. Katie has insisted she will always lo .
Lucy Watson showcases her toned body as the face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . FEMAIL recently caught up with  the fitness aficionado and the man behind her new physique to find out the workout that keeps her in shape. Having people like Lucy show young females that you can enjoy life, eat well, train and reap the rewards is great.'
Raymond Allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. They should have just stuck with the chicken.' He said: 'The Colonel was a very kind man, who was very forthright.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central, which had a 5,500 Labour majority in 2010, and is a traditional Labour stronghold. But Mr Marshall-Ascough has insisted the photos, taken seven years ago, just show him out having fun with close friends 'like a normal person' and do not undermine his ability to do the job. He also said they show he is able to interact with people - important to the role of a politician.
Chris Robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake.
Labour leader Harold Wilson secretly lobbied the BBC to change the time of popular comedy Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election because he feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates. Labour leader Harold Wilson, centre, approached the BBC directly to delay the show's repeat broadcast . 'I said: "Greek drama, preferably in the original."'
Led away: The teacher, who also holds British nationality, was found guilty of abusing boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School Intercultural School, sparking anger among supporters who insist he is innocent . The British Embassy in Jakarta said in a statement there were 'concerns about irregularities in this case'.
The woman looking back at me? Which is why I’m utterly peeved about Dove's latest campaign results. Critical: Samantha claims Dove's campaign works because it exploits our need to act modestly . Reaching out: Samantha receives letters from teens who get bullied for being beautiful .
Officers wanted to question them about the alleged assault of a Walmart employee who was going into the store bathroom. The video then shows a police officer being put in a headlock and knocked to the ground.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has branded the obsession with Jurgen Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'. Klopp confirmed on Wednesday that his intention was to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Robin Wright eschewed Hollywood fame to raise her two children instead, after meeting and marrying actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989 . It's paid off,' she says of her mid-life success. Robin sasy that she has no regrets about delaying her career, or her split from Penn. Along with the continued success of House Of Cards, thedue to star in upcoming film Everest alongside Jake Gyllenhaal and Keira Knightley later this year.
Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola ripped a hole during the Champions League match in Germany . Guardiola's underwear were on show after the Bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers .
Indeed, Samantha and Justine marched out in almost identical uniforms; dark slacks and blazers, paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes. It was left to Miriam to show a bit of wackitude, pulling on a huge smile, a pair of Lib Dem yellow chinos and a nautical Breton top; she looked like Tweety Pie reporting for duty on the good ship Doomed.
David Cameron, pictured today, has promised to renegotiate Britain's membership of the EU before holding an in-out referendum by 2017 .
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first-ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe believes his stunning volley against Newcastle has proven his worth . Defoe's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for Sunderland in the Wear-Tyne derby . Defoe has compared the feeling of scoring the winner against Newcastle to scoring at the World Cup . Defoe joined Sunderland from MLS side FC Toronoto and feels glad to be back in the Premier League .
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. However, CNNMoney noted GMO-feed is consumed by chickens and pigs Chipotle uses. Speaking about GMOs, Ells also said 'They say these ingredients are safe, but I think we all know we'd rather have food that doesn't contain them.'
Tewksbury Police Department came under  attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December before demanding money to decrypt the files. It caused police systems to be down between four and five days, according to Tewksbury Town Crier.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden. Davy wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers, as well has tan wedges and a croc-print clutch bag .
US President Barack Obama said on Saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with Iran's contested nuclear program, two days after the conclusion of a framework agreement with Tehran. Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions.
Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them. A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
A Ukip candidate was forced to apology after he appeared to mock the victims of the Mediterranean refugee crisis – just days after hundreds drowned. Peter Endean, who is standing for Nigel Farage's party in council elections, re-tweeted an image with a caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Mr Endean apologised and claimed he re-tweeted it by mistake. It was not intentional and clearly a mistake.
Sick: Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014 . Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate – which can cause sickness, diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems.
The brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon - the first in Europe - as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community . Experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's .
Adam Federici fails to Alexis Sanchez's shot from crossing the line at Wembley on Saturday evening . The Reading goalkeeper struggles to contain his emotions after his side's FA Cup semi-final defeat . Reading boss Steve Clarke has backed Federici to bounce back against Birmingham in the Championship .
The Queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in Windsor Great Park this week. Active: Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma . Park life: The Queen was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry .
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to Spanish giants Real Madrid . Potters boss Mark Hughes has played down reports of Begovic leaving the Brittania Stadium . In terms of other potential items of summer business, Hughes is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of teenage winger Moha El Ouriachi from Barcelona.
The owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn - and are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal. Neighbours have also reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and the architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street. It is unbelievable. We are genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused and are taking a robust and direct approach to resolving them as soon as possible.’
Manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal . The club will have to install undersoil heating during the summer to adhere to Premier League rules, something which was not a requirement in the Championship.
The unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Nook digital formats. The fan fiction, which is $2.51 on Kindle, is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games.
The Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid Lib Dem constituency, Sheffield Hallam. Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. The revelation was included in the latest round of polling of marginal constituencies which could help decide the next election.
Chelsea striker Abraham opens the scoring against Manchester with an impressive right-footed shot into the far corner . By then he had a second, restoring Chelsea’s lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had briefly restored parity for the hosts. Chelsea youngster Dominic Solanke scores the west London side's third goal of the game with just minutes to play . Manchester City goalkeeper Christian Kjetil Haug comes under pressure from Chelsea as both sides look to win the aerial ball . But they didn't kick on and seize control.
The dramatic collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country', reports the People's Daily Online. No comments have been given by the authorities regarding the cause of the incident.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes. Figures from across the political spectrum are clamouring for the decision be reversed amid fears of a ‘whitewash’.
A restaurant in Chicago has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running. The US has 19 of the best restaurants in the world, followed by France which boasts 14 and the UK, which has a mere eight.
They’re featured in a new coffee table book, Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975, which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental. The posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel, when flying was an exclusive experience and passengers dressed smart . The book hails the designers' creative genius and uses special techniques to replicate their work as accurately as possible .
Alan Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss. Mr Barnes said that it was 'lovely to get his independence back' after picking up the keys to his new home .
These never-before-seen images were captured by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it . Gone, but not forgotten: The images were uncovered by Tom Marshall, the great-grandson of Mr Parsons, who said he is proud that his great-grandfather was brave enough to take the pictures, so future generations do not forget what happened .
A Lithuanian gangster accused of two murders in his home country has cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds in a deportation farce after claiming he was too depressed to leave Britain. Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights. His case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house . Police say a car crashed through a fence and into the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on Sunday .
According to the United Nations, two women are killed there every day. Since 2008, she and four other abuse survivors known as La Poderosas, or "The Powerful," have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories.
She was 77. Her 1992 book "Passion and Politics: The Turbulent World of the Arabs" helped bridge gaps in understanding between Arabs and Americans, critics wrote.
"But I will not leave the Yarmouk camp even if I am 75 or 76 years old.
Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic amid reports the pair do not get on . Cavani (left), picture talking to Laurent Blanc and Marco Verratti, takes issue with being played out of position .
That's because they're constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province. With no ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway.
Supermodel Twiggy, 65, shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new summer range for M&S . Whilst she looks flawless in the new shoot, the fashion stalwart has admitted that while she has never had cosmetic surgery, she hasn't entirely ruled it out.
On a recent trip to Paris, Belgian food blogger Yves Van De Ven enjoyed poking fun at those tourist clichés and took a couple of pictures deliberately missing some of the more famous monuments. Going viral! Bendy tower! Why not just duplicate the offending failed finger all over the Eiffel Tower?
39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. According to reports, all of Barrientos' marriages took place in New York state. Her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010 . The Department of Homeland Security was 'involved' in Barrientos' case, the Bronx district attorney's office revealed to the Times.
Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest after Rosberg bemoaned Hamilton's 'selfish' tactics following their one-two finish at the Shanghai International Circuit. Rosberg accused Hamilton of being 'selfish' as tension rose between the two Mercedes team-mates in China .
Leicester manager Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job and not worry about their relegation rivals during run-in .
A well-known Spanish band from Catalonia, called Sidonie, sang an impromptu song aboard a Ryanair flight . Since being posted on March 27, the video has been viewed over 24,000 times on YouTube and has been liked over 12,000 times on Facebook.
When the officer asks what she is doing on the ledge, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace' Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the unidentified female on the I-26 . She struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'Give me your hands, you're not going out like this today'
Wladimir Klitschko has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to England to defend his belts. Wladimir Klitschko celebrates after beating Bryant Jennings on Saturday night in New York City . The 39-year-old Ukrainian saw off his Philadelphian challenger on points at Madison Square Garden .
By Friday, temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England, prompting a glorious weekend of sunshine. Today, parts of Scotland and Northumberland basked in temperatures of 18C, while the mercury also hovered around 17C in parts of Devon and Cornwall, Somerset and the Midlands. The weather is the start of a week-long spell of sunshine, which will create a fine week for schoolchildren in their second week of holidays . The south west coast of Wales is also expected to be nice.' It reached 21.5 in parts of Scotland today . Bob Giles, Dover Coastguard watch manager, said: 'The couple were thrown into the water after their vessel capsized.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. Literally. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' he said afterwards. Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US . The explosion would then unleash  feet of volcanic ash over all of the United States. Sivkov said that his new nuclear deterrent idea could be deployed from one ship and could be ready within ten years. He said that Russia was 'the only country in the world capable of turning the USA into radioactive dust.'
Video footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose . While some have deemed the clip 'cute' other viewers have been less impressed by the scene.
Trotting into Aintree in a collection of floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers, thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion. It wasn't just the ladies who were making the most of the occasion.
PSG defender David Luiz (right) had a torrid time marking Barcelona forward Neymar on Tuesday night . Luiz was at fault for both of Neymar's goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League quarter-finals .
Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week, descended into chaos on Saturday night. Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear. The demonstration arrived at a baseball game between the Boston Red Sox and Baltimore Orioles before violence began around 6.30pm .
Former world No 1 Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters . Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy .
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over Liverpool after Saturday's results. Following a comprehensive 3-1 victory against Aston Villa, Van Gaal sees next Sunday's derby against Manchester City at Old Trafford as important in the battle to finish runners-up.
Smith, who won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the London Games before pursuing a media career, competed for England at last year's Commonwealth Games and has been selected after winning gold on the pommels at the recent British Championships.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. Sam Allardyce's future as manager of West Ham is subject to much speculation at a time when an extraordinary letter sent by lawyers acting for Blackburn Rovers owners Venky’s to football agency Kentaro’s legal representatives is still doing the rounds. The letter, from December 22, 2011, makes numerous disputed claims about Kentaro’s involvement in Blackburn after Venky’s bought the club the previous year. Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup .
Landslides have exposed trails of dinosaur footprints running along a near-vertical rock face in Bolivia. But the imprinted rock was once horizontal before being pushed upwards by tectonic activity. The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs. In 2009, fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world's largest dinosaur prints.
Lionel Messi poses with each of the 32 balls he has taken home after scoring a hat-trick for Barcelona . Messi celebrates after scoring the second goal of his hat-trick against Real Madrid in March 2007 .
They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. The results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt 'many of their matches' from the Fisher-Price set. Synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
Premier League clubs looking for players at Barcelona and Real Madrid this summer will find a team’s worth. Bara want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can’t sign players until January but they also want to blood young players from their B-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football. Somewhere between the two he will find his level.
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape. He survived thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo, who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food  every day. Now, the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign, according to the Cairo Post.
To understand Thursday's attack, one must understand this: Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war. Even with Al-Shabaab's shooting in Garissa, al Qaeda's bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1998 remains the single bloodiest Islamist terror attack on Kenyan soil.
Anti-Islam protests in Australia against Sharia law and halal tax turned violent after demonstrators clashed with anti-racism activists who burned the country's flag. Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne, after clashes turned ugly and several people had to be treated by paramedics.
Family members and friends have been left heartbroken and baffled after an 18-year-old high school senior died suddenly on Tuesday, just hours after feeling ill. Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given. Mr Small told WUSA9 that the family has also not received a diagnosis for his daughter's illness. Remembered: Hundreds of people gathered for a candle-lit vigil following Madison's death on Tuesday .
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's often voluptuous looking pout. In the hilarious video which was posted to Facebook and has been watched over 3.5million times the girl pulls the tube of Pringles away to reveal her new lips . another pointed out.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both. He told police he was sent the image over Whatsapp, but allegedly then admitted to posting the status .
In order to start their new family, the moms, Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy, decided to each carry a child one year apart. Vanessa (left) gave birth to Jax (center) in2014, while Melanie gave birth to Ero (right) last year, both women knew they wanted to be mothers . Celebrations: The couple and their two children live in Charlotte, North Carolina, and say they feel grateful for their life .
The terrifying incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel, and video captured shows the moment six passengers escaped from the stricken jet. The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.
And the former Manchester United boss has tipped Barcelona's Brazilian star Neymar to be the next man to challenge for the title of world's best player, competing with Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. The Premier League's most successful ever manager also backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti, and revealed that the Italian reached out to Ferguson's son, Darren, when he was sacked by Peterborough in February.
A pre-med student in New York City is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. With this idea in mind, Lizzie is promising to send 15 per cent of the profits to funding projects aimed at limiting the impact of preventable diseases such as polio, rubella and hepatitis, as well as expanding medical care access around the globe. Showing off their muscles: The Kickstarter campaign to produce the clothing for the public has nearly reached its goal of $15,000 .
Roman Abramovich has never spoken in public since buying Chelsea, nor is there any expectation that he will. Granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge, her first public appearance . FIFA’s ethics committee closed proceedings against Greg Dyke after a £16,400 watch was returned to Zurich . Graeme Swann has asked nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if his F-type Jaguar is seen . AINTREE'S DOUBLE GAFFE . Yet, at the same time, the race was promoted with a C4 special of My Big Fat Gypsy Grand National, which included a hen party at Aintree.
An engineer, who was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia, has spoken of his frustration with the lack of help he received from the Australian embassy. Sydney grandfather Peter Mutty (pictured with his wife, Debbie, and grandchildren) has had a travel ban placed on him after he served time for alcohol possession, which is illegal in Saudi Arabia . The Sydney grandfather does not deny he committed the crime, but he has grown increasingly frustrated with the Australian embassy who he claims have not been taking his case seriously. After speaking out about his situation to the Australia media, Mutty was now receiving assistance from the embassy .
Depraved militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq have savagely beheaded a man accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft. Harrowing: This image - far too gruesome to publish in full - shows a close-up of the man's lifeless body, with his severed head resting on his back and surrounded by prayer beads . As is so often the case with ISIS' brutal public executions and amputations, huge crowds are seen in the streets to witness the man's beheading.
Diego Maradona works on his fitness by taking part in some boxing training . Maradona started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body .
Still employed: Rolling Stone is not expected to take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited . It described the ordeal, during which Jackie said she was passed from man to man in an excruciating three hours of pain, during which she was also supposedly penetrated with a beer bottle upstairs during a pledging event. The article recounted the event in vivid, graphic detail based on Jackie's account. The review spelled out extensive contact between Erdely and Jackie, spanning eight interviews. Erdely asked Jackie again for the name once the public interrogation of her account began. Claims: The story published in November focused on a University of Virginia student named  Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus' Phi Kappa Psi fraternity two years ago.
Naz Shah, the Labor party candidate standing against George Galloway in Bradford West, has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 - but Mr Galloway's party claims to have evidence this is untrue . To applause, he also accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about Pakistan, and accused her of slandering the British Pakistani community. But Ms Shah has now hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah. The Labour party said they have been in touch with the election watchdog about Mr Galloway's comments, claiming they breach guidelines and warning him not to repeat them .
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . Mrs Devereux, from Liverpool, had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts. She says the treatment even led to other health problems, with constant hip pain, splitting headaches and mobility difficulties.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Slezak says the canine is usually 'very hyper' but as soon as she sees Stella she is 'calm' and 'careful'.
(CNN)Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018, joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth's satellite. The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies, which could be utilized in future, manned expeditions to the moon, or even Mars.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. The survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half (45 per cent) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents, from personal to official ones.
John Carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his Newcastle players ahead of Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. ‘If we get enough payers imposing themselves on the game then we have a good chance of winning it.’ Meanwhile, Carver confirmed that defender Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season following knee surgery but Mehdi Abeid is expected to be in the squad.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself nose-to-nose on a heavily congested street with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child . Finally, he then armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him' in the street, before running after Mr Cegielka again and smashing up his car while he was still in it. I had a s**t day.
Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years, with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010. And the trend is reflected  in Australia where  procedures have more than doubled in the same time period.
The Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor'. He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor, adding: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty.'
The report states that when police approached the car, a grey 2007 Infinity, and asked to see the driver’s license, the man smiled, said, ‘I’m out!’ and took off from the scene. Fish out of water: Police officers armed with a BB gun went after the nighttime bather and apprehended him .
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil (right) took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch on Thursday . The midfielder, who has scored four goals in 25 matches for the Gunners in all competitions this season, is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jack Wilshere (centre) was on the bench for Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading .
Harry Kane celebrates yet another goal during what has been an incredible season for the young striker . It features his long-range strike against Chelsea, a headed goal against Arsenal, and the moment he came on - and scored - on his England debut.
The diminutive Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. Fortunately, he was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their Southridge centre in Hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero. New pals: Tiny chihuahua Digby with best friend Nero, a 9st mastiff who is 120 times the size.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton in Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera . The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police . The thief took her laptop, jewelry and a digital camera .
Fer is back in training and manager Chris Ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for Saturday's London derby at home to West Ham.
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. Over 120,000 people signed the petition to remove the offensive slogans in 2014 . 'When people  read the slogans on the vans they are horrified.'
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words during the press conference . Saunders is due to fight at Wembley arena on May 9 on the same card as Eubank Jnr . Saunders got the better of Eubank over 12 rounds when the pair met back in November .
The suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years has unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. Like the Addisons, Brett's family did not find out about his medical history until after his death. Both Jake Casey (left), who was pallbearer for Brett Dwyer, and Stephen Bebbington (right) took their own lives .
The bullion was loaded onto the HMS Ulster Queen (pictured) in 1942 and was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons when the case of precious metals was lost overboard . Such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered. Edinburgh man Leonard H. Thomas served on the Ulster Queen on four convoys to and from Russia's extreme northwest .
Hawking then launches into the stratosphere for a trippy ride and lesson on the cosmos. The original version of "Galaxy Song" is below.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are currently unbeaten in Group B of the Euro 2016 qualifiers .
Speaking at the New York International Auto Show, Dr Neusser didn’t give any specific design details away, but said that the new version will share at least three key features with the Westfalia Camper. A concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years’ time. It's expected that the concept will be revealed in two to five years time.
Leza Davies, from Telford, Shropshire, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size. She found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. She describes Araya-Maye as her 'second miracle'.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. The video is cute, I just don't know if it's worth the monkey's agony.’ Speaking to MailOnline, PETA's UK Director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that ill-informed people are often inspired to obtain monkeys as pets on the back of such videos. Adding: 'Although it may appear very cute, it is really very sad.
Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has branded the six United players who withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton a 'disgrace' and called for them to be sacked by the club. Redfearn, speaking after his side lost 2-1 at The Valley, described it as a 'freakish' set of events. Mirco Antenucci was among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by Charlton .
Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati, penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. "Judge Sutton's opinion stands alone," said Jon W. Davidson, legal director of Lambda Legal, a gay rights advocacy group.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945, including several key Belsen figures, such as camp commander Josef Kramer and Dr Fritz Klein. Prosecutor: Mr Hamilton-Miller served in India for much of World War II and arrived in Bergen-Belsen shortly after its liberation in May 1945 .
The drama, commissioned by the Customs and Border Security Agency, will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea. The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers .
Park officials had been granted the appropriate permits to attempt their controlled burn, even though it soon spiraled out of control. Four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers were deployed in an effort to stop the fire from spreading further . At the height of the blaze more than 70 acres of land were on fire threatening several homes .
Kenny Bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. Bayless, a veteran of countless big fights in Las Vegas, will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion, as he continues his preparation for the $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. BBQ chicken was on offer as she cooked one of her famous southern dishes . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history . English chef Gordon Ramsay has been offered ringside seats in exchange for cooking a post-match meal .
Mark Jones is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter's terraced home in Pontnewydd, south east Wales. She said: 'When I came home he told me Amelia had been a bloody nightmare ... Jones, 45, of Cwmbran, denies murder. Miss Jones told the court that on November 14 - days before her daughter's death - her father had made a strange comment about her baby.
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night and will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. Blood moons  - an image from the last event is shown-  are predicted in the Bible. The third blood moon will begin on Saturday April 4, 2015 .
Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month but cannot currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011. Great Britain's No 1 Andy Murray backs Bedene's bid, saying it'd prove motivational for those below him .
Like so many new mothers, Nicola Bonn, 34, from London was learning on the job and found the whole experience 'exciting yet utterly petrifying'. she says, can be quite overwhelming for a new mother who is less experienced . It’s full of germs. Nicola often finds other mothers saying to her: 'You encourage her to play with her food?
Former Marine Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend, in New Richmond on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot. He had only been on his Ohio police force a year .
Alison Saunders’s position as the country’s top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the Home Secretary, police chiefs, crime tsars, prominent MPs – and even one of her predecessors. Mrs Saunders said her job as head of the Crown Prosecution Service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified, the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
on the April 1 edition of "The Price Is Right" encountered not host Drew Carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings.
Brentford celebrate taking the lead against Fulham at Craven Cottage thanks to Stuart Dallas (second left) Dallas runs away to celebrate his second goal of the game just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage . Ross McCormack scored from the penalty spot with 23 minutes remaining to drag Fulham back into the game .
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season as he stated his ambition to keep Aaron Lennon.
Rosie, pictured modelling new items from her sleepwear range, starts the day with a green juice and scrambled eggs with spinach . Rosie explains that when she's at home she cooks organic, healthy food, which she says is an investment but a really important one. The talented model is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road, for which the trailer has this week been released.
Pellegrini’s side face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday with their top four prospects hanging in the balance. Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini wants a reaction from his players after the derby mauling . Dejected Manchester City players look on as they are dealt yet another blow in their hunt for the league title .
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco. Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy.
Williams has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion having angered the veteran rocker with an earlier proposal . Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Depression: Nurse Victorino Chua wrote a long note in which he said he had 'a devil in me', Manchester Crown Court has heard . He added: ‘The bitter nurse confession. Allegations: Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport, pictured .
Soviet-era dissident Vladimir Bukovsky, who has been summonsed to appear in court next month to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children . Bukovsky is a dissident, author and activist who spent 12 years in Soviet prisons, forced-labour camps and forced-treatment psychiatric hospitals. He will appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on May 5.
A man killed more than 1,000 dogs in Russia  as revenge as he believed the strays were responsible for giving him tuberculosis, a trial heard. The 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern Russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill  strays and occasionally even people's pets. But animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed Kislitsyn a fine of just £200.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams. Thames Baths, the Community Interest Company behind the scheme, is hoping to promote the use of the new Lido to local schools and the elderly.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of leaders Barcelona on Saturday. Sevilla coach Unai Emery has guided the club to fifth in the La Liga table ahead of the visit of Barcelona . After a run of five straight victories they are well placed to secure at least a berth in the Europa League, the competition they won last season and are still alive in this term.
The arrest warrant was issued and on Thursday morning the former AFL star, Perth-based Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station. Cousins had been on bail and was supposed to appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up . He was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test. Cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments following that incvident - the first time after he breached security at an SAS base in Swanbourne.
Reading overcame League One side Bradford with a 3-0 replay win to progress to FA Cup semi-final . The Royals face Premier League giants Arsenal in crunch clash on Saturday at Wembley . 'They look strong, well-balanced,' Clarke said.
According to police reports, McElroy fired 100-yards away from Johnson's home. Accident: Larry McElroy shot Carol Johnson on Sunday night after he tried to kill an armadillo in his backyard .
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. Retired Staff Sgt David Thatcher, 93, came from Missoula, Montana, for the event, and said the medal was for all 80.
Also Monday, a police source said Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked, yet the country's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began, arranging for transport. We did everything that we could do."
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on. To date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up.
Convicted: Married businessman Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, had a ‘persistent and almost predatory interest’ in teenage girls . His South African friend Manase Motaung, 32, was cleared of raping a 16-year-old and seven trafficking charges, involving six girls. Two years earlier, in November 2010, five men from Rotherham in South Yorkshire were jailed after being found guilty of grooming girls as young as 12.
He did so beaming from ear to ear, admitting that he had seen the tweets from his Manchester United team-mates congratulating him on scoring what he called ‘one of the most important goals of my life’. Javier Hernandez (left) scores to send Real Madrid into the Champions League semi-final .
Their ticket for those extra games is by no means booked, but goals from substitute Chris Martin and Darren Bent mean they are back on track. Now eight points adrift, their fans chanted for the head of Malky Mackay.
The call came just before the U.N. Security Council met late Saturday morning to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation, where Shiite rebels are pitted against external Arab air forces and fighters loyal to Yemen's displaced Sunni president. Also late this week, photos circulating on social media purported to show senior al Qaeda leader Khaled Batarfi  -- whom Yemeni defense officials said militants busted out of jail on Thursday -- posing in a presidential residence in southern Yemen.
Mabbutt, who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17, will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters. Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal it . The Spurs legend has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through and says he hopes to raise awareness of his condition.
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . He committed suicide ten days later. Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home.
Falcao competes for a high ball with Chelsea centre back Gary Cahill at Stamford Bridge . The Colombian forward confronts Blues captain John Terry after the pair got tangled on the ground . He had just 19 touches in the first half, failing to take any of them in Chelsea’s penalty area during a period when Van Gaal’s team were almost operating at full throttle.
New York (CNN)New York state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. Gov.
The man, who has not been named, turned a gun on himself at the amusement park around 2:15pm Friday afternoon, not far from visiting children and families. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time, according to reports.
Presley, who died in 1977 at the age of 42, first wore the suit in public on March 28, 1957 during a performance at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery – shutting off the blood supply from the placenta – was wrong. They have finally succeeded in getting the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) to change its guidelines. NICE now states that doctors and midwives should not routinely clamp the cord ‘earlier than one minute from the birth of the baby’.
Killed: Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon . 'Stole a handgun': Police say that Howell had just taken a weapon from Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell it to him . Peet told officers he met Howell with the intention of selling him the gun - but Howell tried to snatch it without paying. At one point, he said, Howell was pointing it at him.
A series of images by photographer Yûki Aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . The 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salaryman .
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet insists choosing between an FA Cup victory and finishing in the top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other. With the Reds in semi-final action against Aston Villa on Sunday Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place - currently occupied by Manchester City - grow.
According to hacked Sony emails, Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be ‘sent around the world’.
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho gestures on the sideline after going into the game against Arsenal without a striker . Chelsea mastermind Mourinho surveys the pitch before kick-off having plotted out his game plans . Here at the Emirates, against a team with eight successive wins in the Premier League, he bewildered their defence by allowing his front three to rotate.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing colostomy bags and administering morphine . The worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Jurgen Klopp put England's top clubs on alert on Wednesday by confirming that he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in charge. Klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City, although it is understood that the struggling Premier League champions have no plans to make such a move. Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . He is among the most highly-rated managers in European football after winning two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup at the Westfalenstadion, as well as leading Dortmund to the Champions League final in 2013.
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question, and others like it, from 6,100 people. The other group, for whom the ends could not justify the means, were called deontologists. Other data also suggested that women found the decisions more agonizing than the men, who had relatively straightforward time coming to their conclusion.
Sven Bender (right) says Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games . Dortmund have scored a disappointing 34 goals in 27 games in the Bundesliga and Gabon international Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leads the goal scoring charts with 18 in all competitions.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire. Sheldon has been charged with her son's murder along with manslaughter by diminished responsibility. Sheldon is also charged with the attempted murder of another child who was in the Ford Fiesta (pictured) Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy, from Southampton, died from his injuries on August 25 .
Delivery driver Kieron Power was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws after taking these pictures of police vehicles parked in a bus stop . Mr Power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars after he took photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand - because his wife was given a £110 ticket for doing the same thing .
Victor Agbafe, 17 (pictured above), is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina . He hopes to become a neurosurgeon. He credits his mother, a Nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him, according toWECT.
The Conservatives have opened up a four-point lead over Labour with millions of voters yet to make up their minds about how to vote in the tightest election race since 1992. Labour is on 32 per cent, Ukip on ten per cent and the Liberal Democrats on eight per cent, with the Greens on five per cent.
The local man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway. The man was reportedly overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community. Black swan: A ballet performance on the catwalk marked the start of the 20th Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .
Even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market, with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms. The photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh, where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians.
But the biggest name likely to be in attendance at Dunblane Cathedral, where the couple are tying the knot, is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman. The reception will be held at Cromlix, which Murray owns.
Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston. Scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby's cell phone camera. His passenger said he does not know why Scott fled . 'He is torn up.
The current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a 'pretty but gritty' look that makes Colin Firth's erstwhile Mr Darcy look positively hygienic. Leading the way is 'Poldark and handsome' Aidan Turner . POLDARK . GAME OF THRONES . Sam Heughan plays fierce-yet-tender Scottish warrior Jamie Fraser in Outlander, the adaptation of Diana Gabaldon's time-travel novels. VIKINGS .
I'm sorry," Bates said in a video of the shooting. "He said that he saw the laser sight on the shoulder, assumed it was the Taser," Brewster said. Attorneys representing the Harris family said there are stark differences between the two devices. A Taser has a different grip and feel. Taser!
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer when they compete in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer. Recent participants include Bayern Munich, Manchester United and Chelsea. Colorado Rapids' Dick's Sporting Goods Park hosted the MLS All-Star game against Celtic in 2007 .
Models like Cindy Crawford (left)  were huge stars in 80s and 90s and now their daughters like Caia Gerber (right) are making their own names in the fashion world .
The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth. It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians.
The unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. Highway shooting: A bullet passed clean through a woman's neck after she was shot at by an unknown gunman driving down the I-25 highway north of Denver, Colorado .
Samantha Crossland escaped a custodial sentence after the £22,000 she admitted stealing from her employer and friend had been repaid in full . Much of the money was taken from a cash box on the wall that parents left their fees in. The money was stolen by Crossland, pictured,  from the Child's Play nursery in west Yorkshire .
'I expect a very good reception for him,' said Pochettino, whose Spurs side entertain Villa on Saturday afternoon in the Barclays Premier League. Pochettino confirmed goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and right-back Kyle Walker will play no part against Villa due to respective knee and foot injuries, while centre-back Jan Vertonghen is a doubt with a virus.
The father – identified only as John to protect his family’s privacy – warned that Class A drugs were widely available to children, and urged schools and police to get tough. He has now written an open letter (above) to his local authority, South Gloucestershire, begging them to take the issue more seriously asking if a young person has to die before the problem is addressed .
Researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác in Hungary. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. The mummies were discovered during restoration work at the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary (above) They found that they all seemed to stem from a single strain of tuberculosis that was in existence between 396CE-470CE.
It was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world. was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. July 14, July 16 .
Iker Casillas claims he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey rather than leave Real Madrid in the summer . The Spanish giants have repeatedly linked to a move for Manchester United's David de Gea . The glamour last four also comprises arch rivals Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Juventus, although the Spaniard insists there is little to choose between  the sides.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races . Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality .
Davion Only, 16, who captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever', has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going (right) and her family . She admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it. And every day things get a little bit better.'
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate, the Spectrum newspaper of St. George reported. That would have commemorated both Breitenbach getting the Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge, according to the newspaper. The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
Father Curtis Martin and mother Rebecca Horton cradle twins Kendall (centre left) and Baylee (centre right) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . Their twins' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical, though it is still highly unlikely . This means they have inherited different genes from their parents. The second method will create dizygotic, or non-identical twins, who do not share the same genetic material and can therefore be born as different genders and with different physical characteristics.
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down, and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk (pictured) I’m not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek, racing crawl - I’m that woman with the white-hatted head bobbing up and down offshore in a rather staid breast stroke .
Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van, leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head. Bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at Bristol Crown Court.
Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana. Durst is pictured here last month in New Orleans . Murdered: Susan Berman, who acted as a media spokesperson for Durst in the wake of his wife's disappearance, was shot in the head at her LA home in 2000, just as the cold case into the disappearance of Kathleen Durst was reopened.
A superior court judge in North Carolina ruled on Monday that Craig Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' after he was charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three Muslim college students . The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges.
A formerly obese man has revealed how he finally became motivated to lose 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months, after nearly a lifetime of emotional eating and self-loathing. Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day, but it wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life .
The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend. At the end of last month, the young royal, who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK, celebrated her 25th birthday. Eugenie has been in New York for the past year, working for an online auction house.
Disturbing images of a 15-year-old girl who is said to have undergone major cosmetic surgery are being circulated on Chinese social media. The girl reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend, according to Chinese website cbg.cn.
Dog murder: Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county, and became annoyed with a dog owned by neighbour Tang Chao, right, on his way home and killed it . 'When I got outside I found him lying dead in a pool of blood.'
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion . Set to host Benfica for the official opening on May 29, the 5,000-capacity stadium will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in May 2005 by Manchester United fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved, for whom the arrival of the Glazer family was a step too far. 'That's a daft question,' says general manager Andy Walsh. 'Establishing this football ground is a statement of what football supporters can achieve if they are given the opportunity,' he adds.
Police and volunteers had searched (left) frantically for Connor Sullivan, (right) 17, of Cupertino, California, though the teenager was hiding at and around his high school . Sullivan said that he slept every night under the bleachers at the school near Apple's headquarters .
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes (stock image shown) contain 'foreign DNA'. Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'. And humans have been eating it for thousands of years .
Carrick congratulates Andros Townsend following the Tottenham wideman's equaliser against Italy in Turin . The fact he has been ignored by England for so long is a sad indictment of where we have been going wrong for so many years. Carrick changed that. He has not always taken his chances, but now is a golden opportunity to build our midfield around him.
What were they thinking? President Obama has the resources at his disposal to do just that. Most of their bosses would love to be the claimants to the prize of defeating ISIS and al Qaeda.
Stranded residents of last week's devastating floods, who were unable to cross the water to attend an Anzac Day memorial service, were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the Last Post from the water's edge. Maitland local Karen Newton, a teacher and former professional musician, had just finished playing at the Kurri Kurri dawn service and was on her way to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods.
As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. Mel Stein thinks the new regulations on becoming a football agent will 'create anarchy' The new guidelines have come in after FIFA effectively washed their hands of governing agents.
Remy Dufrene (above) drowned after falling into a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon . His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch (above) 'As soon as I pulled him out, his pour little belly looked like it was full of water, and kind of knew when I pulled him out that he was gone,' said Drake Dufrene (above) the boy's father .
Investigators had released CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - from the crime scene at the self-serve carwash in Gardena on April 2. She was naked, alone and had obvious injuries. Ikela was arrested at his home in Torrance  and charged with one count of lewd act upon a child with a kidnapping allegation, and two counts of oral copulation or sexual penetration with child 10 years old or younger, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office said. He entered a not guilty plea on April 13.
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Sebastian Kehl fired a spectacular long-distance volley in extra time to give Borussia Dortmund a 3-2 victory over Hoffenheim on Tuesday and a place in the semi-finals of the German Cup. Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and forward star Marco Reus, both injured, but took the lead in the 19th through defender Neven Subotic. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang finally notched the equalizer for Dortmund with a powerful header from a cross by Eric Durm.
Pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration, forcing schools to boost class sizes and add classrooms. The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed. Its analysis of official figures indicates that by September next year, two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
Kamron Taylor was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck. He had been waiting to be sentenced after a judge convicted him of murder . Escaped: The 23-year-old Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21 (right), when authorities say he beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV .
Campaign group Collective Shout has slammed Sydney restaurant Lowenbrau Keller for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women . '[The campaign was] designed as a portrayal of the typical Bavarian cultural experience enjoyed by millions during Oktoberfest in Munich every year, synonymous with this venue,' Mr Hopkirk said. 'A number of Lowenbrau advertisements make a direct comparison between the serving size of food and beverages and the size of women’s breasts,' she said. The Advertising Standards Board advised that the Cafe removed the ads, which depicted a fully clothed man with two women in low cut dresses on either side, in front of a rack of ribs with the slogan 'We've got the best racks'.
Stuart Broad backed Alastair Cook to hit the Test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on Thursday and put England in a winning position in the second Test. Quick Broad took three wickets on day two as England bowled West Indies out for 299 . Captain Alastair Cook, who won the toss and chose to bowl, worked his way to 37 not out at stumps .
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad' - but it was after scans on Wednesday that the Australian himself confirmed he has had a significant setback. The scan showed a bit of damage, absolutely shattered!'
(CNN)From banking to hospitality and real estate to e-commerce, Ashish Thakkar built his vast business empire from scratch. The climate and the ease of doing business on the continent has drastically improved.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children, a 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four. The room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate', which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through. Horrific: The couple were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two small daughters.
Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, from Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, who has two young children, slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip. If you know the identity of the blonde, email: jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835.
The trend is inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon . The ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised .
Nor has any official comments been given on what the mud-like residue was. Mystery: No official comments been given on what caused the phonomena or what the residue was . Capital: Many link what happened in Aershan to the monster sandstorm attacking Beijing on the same day .
51-year-old Fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on Thursday night . As she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door Fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway . She was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye.
Joe Calzaghe relaxed on the beech with his girlfriend Lucy in Barbados . The couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down and they retreated to their lounger .
British swimmer Adam Peaty is all smiles after setting a new world record for the 100m breast stroke . His time of 57.92 seconds has beaten the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in 2012 . Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off and is thrilled with the win .
The jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case, according to New England Cable News. Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
Melanie Serita Buck, 33, from Bromley (pictured outside Croydon Crown Court) is accused of killing the frail widower during the alleged trolley rage incident . 'Miss Buck would not have known that when she rammed him,' he added. He died in intensive care three months later due to complications associated with his injuries, the court was told .
A small 'hot spot' in the U.S. Southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States - and is the subject of a major new investigation to find out why. The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
Nico Rosberg (pictured) got the better of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain second practice . That was due to a lock-up from Hamilton in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit which cost him four tenths of a second, otherwise he would likely have beaten Rosberg by three tenths given he was faster in sectors one and two. In FP2, with nine minutes remaining, Force India's Sergio Perez clipped Vettel's car, ripping off the front-wing endplate on the left side. Sebastian Vettel had issues throughout the day, eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place .
But the evidence will never be tested in court after Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, ruled that it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer on trial because of his age and ill health. Probes: Greville Janner, left in 1974, served as an MP for decades and was investigated in 1991, 2002 and 2007.
Philippe Bianchi explained to Nice-Matin, a newspaper in France, that the Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable. Philippe Bianchi (right) has spoken of the pain his family have felt every day since the accident .
A male model has been accused spiking a woman's drink with the drug MDMA at a well-known London nightclub so he could have sex with her. Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year.
Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, spokesman James Tallent said.
When the teenagers arrived, she allegedly allowed them to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her home, before she played naked Twister with them in the living room. She allegedly threw the party at her home in Evans, Georgia, pictured, and lost custody of her children after the incident . She later had sex with her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend . She later went to bed alone and around 3.30am, she awoke to find someone having sex with her, she told her sponsor.
England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI, dismissing them for a paltry 59 inside 27 overs and then compiling 181 for one in reply. More important for England's Test prospects, though, was the stand of 158 between Cook (95 not out) and Trott (72). Stokes described his captain Cook as one of the best players in the world after his return to form .
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears the video launching Clinton's White House bid may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws - which allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18. Clinton's video not only features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, holding hands, but talking about their up-coming wedding. If they had aired it without the warning, the company could have faced a fine of as much as £13,200 under 2013's gay propaganda laws.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the Champions League . United midfielder Juan Mata scored a fantastic brace against Liverpool to secure his side a 2-1 win at Anfield . Rooney competes for the ball with Italy defender Andrea Ranocchia during Tuesday's international friendly . United and England midfielder Michael Carrick has been singled out for his strong performance against Italy .
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Doncaster Lane (pictured), Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent . Police were called to the scene at around 8pm on Thursday.
Thibaut Courtois (centre) was in phenomenal form as Chelsea beat rivals Queens Park Rangers on Sunday . Against Hull, I just tried to make the best solution,' he said. Courtois (right) said he never doubted himself during his indifferent spell of form for Chelsea .
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19 and from Chester, Cheshire, became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time. They then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams’s bald head and another of Miss Versey’s chest scar - but these were reported for being ‘offensive’.
The England midfielder completed 90 minutes in Arsenal's 4-1 win over Stoke City as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season. Wilshere has been out of action since November, when he injured his ankle against Manchester United . Meanwhile, Sportsmail can exclusively reveal that Wilshere features on Manchester City's summer shopping list.
Mark Faville (above), of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000, on Friday . Faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound, though it is not known what kind of weapon he may have used to kill himself. Deputies do not carry guns when transporting individuals in the courthouse so that they cannot try to grab them.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes (shown) in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger. It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging.
The rotting remains of Jose Alberto, 58, were discovered after neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in the city of San Jose de Balcare in eastern Argentina. 'It was lying next to the deceased.
Ballers and shotcallers: Mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of the members of Mexican high society . Before he jumped off the ship's 15th floor and disappeared beneath the waves, 29-year-old Jorge Alberto López Amores told his friends to take cellphone videos of his leap. Rought: In Mexico, the images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year . The author of Mirreynato, the Other Inequality, Ricardo Raphael, wrote in his book: 'The economic wealth Mirreyes use is the main marker of class.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years, with its more than 34 million journeys in 2014 over double that of the next most popular, the United States. New figures from the UK Civil Aviation Authority shows 238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more (a 4.4 per cent rise) than 2013.
Scroll down for video . A cross left by a visitor at a graveside in Gallipoli bearing a personal thanks to the one of the soldiers killed . For those unable to make the celebrations on the day, there is always a fallback position: Russell Crowe’s film about it, The Water Diviner, is out now .
England's Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta on Thursday . Willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th, an achievement which is traditionally rewarded with a pair of crystal glasses.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire on Sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet, which bit her face. Her father, Mr Knight who works as a floor layer, heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former  captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. REASON IT MIGHT HAPPEN: Widely respected within English cricket for taking the team to the top of the Test rankings.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel, seeking to "redefine sexy."
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014, says a report out last week from the Citizens for Tax Justice. Even more shocking: some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
The photo of Timothy Eli Thompson that was removed when a pro-life group posted an ad about the infant's story have since been reinstated. Little Eli was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. A post about the removal of the photo by Eli's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours, WKRG reported. Anyone can now walk in and donate .
After correction officers evaluate him, he will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison, one of the most high-tech jails in the United States with no history of breakouts: the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, about 40 miles outside downtown Boston. Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once.
Nick Cousins left the Hong Kong court clutching the hand of his wife Herminia Garcia, who is charged with wilful neglect following the death of their 15-year-old daughter, Blanca Cousins, in an apparent suicide . Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from the luxury Hong Kong apartment block where she lived on Tuesday in an apparent suicide. It has emerged her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, was never registered . It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
A Romanian woman being deported from New Zealand after leaving her partner, has been told she must leave her two-year-old son behind. 34-year-old Nicole Mihai was told by the immigration agency that she will now have to return to Romania as she is not a New Zealand resident. She now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist Chris's future living arrangements 'are not their problem.'
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at  Eagle Bay, south of Perth . The musical toast at his sister's wedding left the guests in stitches .
Ronnie O'Sullivan found himself in more bother at the Betfred World Championship after making a rude gesture during his second-round match against Matthew Stevens. But O'Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour.
The images are soothing and repetitive; each tree is photographed from the bottom looking up. Branches take on their own patterns in the sky, creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting. "Each tree has its own personality," he said.
Increasing opposition to a £175 million ‘garden bridge’ championed by Boris Johnson could scupper the mayor’s plans for a new green space spanning the Thames. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each – for the project. Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review .
Jurgen Klopp has announced that he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .
A quote attributed to Maya Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer . The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan (above) Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued the Forever stamp for her contributions to the arts and this country . Joan Walsh Anglund wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun; 'A bird doesn’t sing because he has an answer, he sings because it has a song.'
The first robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of Fukushima nuclear power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission. The photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors . But it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title, setting up a fight with mandatory challenger George Groves.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com . The website has an identical  style to Google with users given the option to 'Zlatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan' In a house style that is identical to Google, and operates just like the search engine, users have the option to 'Zlatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan.'
The future of travel will be virtual. Zuckerberg's views of the future of virtual travel are perhaps unsurprising, considering that the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Waiting times to be seen in A&E have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years, official figures revealed this morning. In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres believes coach Diego Simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to their success as they seek revenge against Real Madrid on Tuesday for last season's Champions League final defeat. Fernando Torres (centre) scored his first ever league own goal during the 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday . Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates his strike with team-mates during the 3-0 win over Eibar . La Liga .
South American duo Radamel Falcao (left) and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma . Manuel Pellegrini’s side travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place after defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday all but ended their pursuit of league leaders Chelsea.
The propaganda video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service), which appears to be mimicking Britain's National Health Service. Abu Yusuf al-Australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the Islamic State's new medical initiative .
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan from Leeds until the end of the season .
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry. The family were last seen on Tuesday, April 7, and were captured on CCTV boarding a ferry from Dover to Calais on Wednesday, April 8. Acting deputy chief constable John Campbell (pictured at a press conference in Kidlington today) said Thames Valley Police is 'extremely concerned for the safety of this family, especially the four young children' The alarm was raised when some of the children failed to attend Claycots Primary School in Slough .
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964 . 'It was shattering,' Mr Gee told Daily Mail Australia, after he had to dig the hole himself . 'We get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing,' Mr Gee said .
Doaa and Umm, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, were smuggled from Raqqa, in Syria, to southern Turkey after leaving the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. Now the pair, who are living in Turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who, they believe, are following them.
This afternoon the Paris prosecutor said police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church.' Killed: DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain (pictured left and right), a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a Paris suburb on Sunday morning . 'The police discovered an arsenal containing weapons of war, and a suspect was immediately taken into custody.'
Manny Pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the Wild Card Boxing gym for a touch of Hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend Mario Lopez’s Extra programme on Wednesday. @mannypacquiao and I sang a Lionel Richie duet today. Doesn't get cooler than that,’ Lopez posted on his Instagram.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off a Internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow 'small screaming children' into its dining room . The restaurant later posted an apology on the page, saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy. I shouldnt have used the word screaming but should have said something like 'Lil diners having a moment',  the owner Richard Moore said.
Germans now think of themselves as the victims of Hitler and his Nazi Regime . Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat.
Women are most popular at 25 years of age, while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27. Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now also play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer, but was the visitors' best player . Jack Colback was not protected from the Sunderland fans' ire, positioned by John Carver at left back .
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup, revealed by Sports Agenda, gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament. The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal — on a par with the Wimbledon singles champions — will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent, with Tranmere bottom of the league with two games to go .
Aldridge, who has previously worked at West Ham, Leicester City and Manchester City, joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011. Glenn Roeder is now part of a new managerial committee team at the Championship outfit .
The four-seater plane is believed to have come down near Hatten, Oldenburg, shortly after taking off from a nearby airfield. Down: The plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail, just feet away from passing cars .
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool in Upavon, Wiltshire, last July around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police. The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, an inquest into his death heard. Dr Clare Balysz, assistant coroner for Wiltshire and Swindon, said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened, calling for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Called Ephedra foeminea, the plant waits for the full moon to 'bloom' and is the only plant species so far that’s known to behave in this way.
Suzy Howlett, 54, who specialises in teaching foreign-born children English, has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over their spelling, punctuation and grammar. In one section Mr Tanswell and Ms Snook promise that Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders' - so the teacher wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'. They don't like it. These people are very vindictive.
The Tigers tackle Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday, separated by just two points and two places with only four games left.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels. Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian coast guard said. The new tragedy emerged as statistics showed the number of migrants dying in the Mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year.
It looked good for the hosts early on when Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the spot in the third minute, but Atalanta leveled with a penalty of their own and Roma couldn't convert pressure into genuine goalscoring opportunities. Francesco Totti celebrates after putting Roma ahead from the penalty spot after just three minutes .
But don't forget, April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day." April 14 . April 25 . October 21, 2015 .
Digital delivery of music . caught up with physical formats like CDs as a money stream for . It came, however, as overall global sales of $14.97 billion . fell marginally from 2013.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The Scottish First Minister, whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border, said the Labour leader would soon ‘change his tune’. Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a ‘confidence and supply’ deal with the SNP, who look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold the balance of power. But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
Burt Hazeltine (right) as he was directing traffic in a school zone in suburban New Orleans . Hero cop: Hazeltine, 36, with St Charles Parish (pictured here with his wife and four children), was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye Thursday morning . Champagne says Hazeltine was in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital Thursday afternoon. Road rage: Devillier allegedly got into a verbal spat with Hazeltine because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow his 2014 chevy Silverado (pictured) to make a turn .
Marco Rubio told Face The Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference, but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right . He added: 'States have always regulated marriage. Last week, during an interview with Fusion magazine, he said if someone he 'cared' for was involved in a same-sex union he would 'of course attend'.
Christian migrants from Africa have spoken of making the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to escape beheading from Islamic State fanatics in Libya. Haben said his friends had been shot dead by armed ISIS terrorists who patrol the anarchy-ridden towns and beaches of the country.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claimed the Labour leader was willing to trade away Britain's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the Scottish Nationalists. Mr Miliband said the Conservative campaign had 'descended into the gutter' and claimed David Cameron 'should be ashamed'. 'The SNP's childlike world view would sacrifice the long-term security of the UK.
The budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. The company's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
Officials said the tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day's date on the cathedral's dome . Italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks, but the woman was charged .
The 31-year-old Argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the Magpies' last three games following his return from testicular cancer, and has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch. Gutierrez is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments against rivals Sunderland .
Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13.
Many of these calories are considered "empty calories" meaning that they have little or no nutritional value,' cardiologist Dr Kevin Campbell told Daily Mail Online. Warnings: Dunkin Donuts' new spring menu features the 640-calorie Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt . The 210-calorie Snack N’ Go Steak Wrap is intended to be a low-calorie alternative to the other menu options, however it still contains 25 per cent of your daily saturated fat intake .
I don’t think I will have any problems.’ She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated, using both donated sperm and eggs. Her 13 children – the eldest of whom is daughter Antje, 44 – are by five different fathers.
The body of Stephanie Scott, pictured with her mother on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra, has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . The adored teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley (left) On Monday, Ms Scott's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder, which took place just days before her wedding. Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott's remains were found, by the family of her accused killer . NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there, AAP reports. Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW .
Michael Olsen, 52, from Dartford, Kent, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars. When PC Bird lunged at Olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot. He denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty at Inner London Crown Court .
The Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park, with a David Ewers score and a penalty try helping the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead. The victory means Exeter will take on Gloucester at Kingsholm in two weeks' time for a place in the final against either Newport Gwent Dragons or the winner of Sunday's London Irish-Edinburgh encounter.
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks - and she's looking better than ever, so what's her secret? For starters, Khloe has famously shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles.
Mr Manyang's partner and mother of the children, Akon Guode, was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash. One-year-old Bol (left) and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger (right) all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday . Mr Manyang says his partner told him she 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving and can only remember parts of the aftermath of the crash, The Age reports.
Woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .
Little Elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA). Born strong, he's now 'very floppy'. 'I thought, "let's make a bucket list. 'The hardest thing is seeing other families, especially when you go out and see these families having fun,' Jessica said . Take him on a ferry . Watch the sunset and sunrise . Dedicate him to God .
Every time I got close to them they would fly away," photographer Timothy Bouldry said. About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill. But why?
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite, officers said. Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat . Many of us dream of a flat stomach and washboard abs. Avoid carbohydrates that are refined i.e. The more muscle groups you use, the more calories you will burn both during and after exercising. Carrying out full body exercises will speed up metabolism and means a person will burn more calories afterwards. Write down what you eat (including how you feel two hours afterwards) Writing down how different foods affect feelings can stop a person mindlessly eating, Mr Staring claims .
Edmund Echukwu collapsed in a swimming pool and died at a 007-themed sex party last Friday . It is believed Mr Echukwu is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house. A post mortem examination is due to be held today, after which a coroner will open an inquest into his death. It may well be that he had a heart attack.'
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile. His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring javelin.
Manchester United and Liverpool target £25million Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week with the permission of his club PSV Eindhoven.
The 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney, a match England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under. Pietersen was described as 'disengaged' from his team-mates during that final Test by England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was 'secretly' dating . The hostess: Stephanie Flanders, the glamorous then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight. It was Stephanie Flanders.' And she met Balls when they both worked at the FT.
Kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych (pictured) Kalashnikov was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine's previous parliament.
Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis, Tennessee, said the children had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'.
Steve Smith, 52, (pictured outside his £6.5million Shropshire mansion) opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990 and sold the firm 10 years later for a staggering £50million . When he sold Poundland (pictured) in 2000, Mr Smith gave half of his profits - £25million - to his parents. Despite his wealth, Mr Smith has admitted that he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children: Joe, Ashley and Katie.
In the latest episode of MTV's True Life, entitled 'I'm Obsessed With Staying Young', freelance model Chanel details her unique skincare method, which she tries to justify by claiming that 'thousands of years ago people did this and it worked'. Her desperation to remain looking as young as possible for as long as possible has driven Chanel to a number of extraordinary lengths, most notably covering her body in animal blood , a process she insists will 'keep the skin looking soft and tight'.
A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont, Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade told WBRC-TV. According to the Fox affiliate, police attempted to pull over the reportedly stolen vehicle -- but the driver, 29-year-old Terry Proctor of Piedmont, did not stop, leading to a pursuit.
Three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools, backing The Mail on Sunday’s campaign to add first aid to the curriculum. Previously, only the Liberal Democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum. It means the Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge.
David Cameron was ridiculed this morning after admitting he had suffered a 'brain fade' when appearing to forget which football team he supported. Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'. David Cameron said he started supporting Aston Villa because his uncle was 'involved in the club'.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand Jacamo . English professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37, has been the face of Jacamo for four years . This summer campaign marks Toby Huntington-Whiteley's second TV gig for the menswear retailer.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out. Ramsey's QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three . Win and survive? Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are out for Villa, Tom Cleverley, Aly Cissokho and Kieran Richardson major doubts. Joey Barton's midfield menace is key for QPR . Bobby Zamora .
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk, and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the Yenisei River into darkness. Flecks of snow become bigger and more frequent as the snowstorm continues to engulf the video maker .
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. The credit card-sized gadget (illustrated) also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range. It is claimed that the card  will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the time it takes to type a password into their phone 150 times a day .
Star: Ted Loveday has powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory in University Challenge . Mr Loveday revealed after his team's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching YouTube videos and researching possible questions on Wikipedia.
Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale is a  transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City . Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus . Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech could join Real Madrid this summer if David de Gea stays at Manchester United . Liverpool may make a move even if they sign Danny Ings, with the future of Daniel Sturridge suddenly uncertain. Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke could be sold by the club if they receive a bid of over £30m this summer . West Ham boss Sam Allardyce is considering managing abroad next season if he is not given a new contract .
Mike Coupe, chief executive of Sainsbury's, has been sentenced to two years in an Egyptian jail after a former business partner of the British supermarket claimed Mr Coupe tried to seize money from him . Mr el-Nasharty is now claiming that Mike Coupe was in Egypt in July 2014 and tried to seize these cheques.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing about the struggles in the Philippines . Pacquiao will be hoping he is in the mood to sing after his highly-anticipated showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
The world No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth. Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson, right, go out in the penultimate group on Friday . Group 1, 12:45pm: Ian Woosnam, Erik Compton . Group 15, 3:30pm: Tiger Woods, Jamie Donaldson, Jimmy Walker . Group 32, 6:48pm: Phil Mickelson, Rory McIlroy, Ryan Moore .
Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final with Liverpool at Wembley on May 30 . Even Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer feels it would be fitting for Liverpool's captain to lift the trophy before he leaves for Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy.
The son of a Labour councillor who was stopped at the Turkish border and arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released without charge.
It then took Mr O'Melia seven minutes to revive Braddock. He was taken to hospital by paramedics and as deputies arrived to question him, he was seen running away.
A snooze in the sunshine: The Eagles Palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays . Far above the twinkling domes, on the peak of Mount Athos itself, sits a stone building.
He's protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler, and now Cengiz Guven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli. The civilian security team, which will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 Australians at the Lone Pine service on Anzac Day, is just a part of the enormous security machine that has swung into operation across the Gallipoli peninsula.
Manchester United's stars trained in the sunshine on Friday as they put together their final plans for their Premier League showdown with rivals Manchester City. Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other  big-hitters were in action  as Louis van Gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on Sunday afternoon. Striker Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play against Manchester City . Rooney (centre) was the last player to score a winner for Manchester United against rivals City at Old Trafford in 2011 .
While the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed, the England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel and there were cries of protest in these parts, too. England lock Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson . ‘I just get on with the game.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Add another fan-favorite character to the cast of next year's "X-Men: Apocalypse," with director Bryan Singer announcing via Instagram that Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past."
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam. But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Its 2,000 employees have a median salary of $180,000 now . Wall Street law firm, Skadden, Arps, one of the largest and most prestigious law firms in the nation, comes in at the top of the list. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list.
Leeds fans, Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus, were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg against Galatasaray in Taksim Square, Istanbul, on April 5, 2000. A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday, but Sneijder tweeted on the morning of the Championship match: 'Finally my GalatasaraySK knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere.' Sneijder replied: 'Very sorry. #Respect.'
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. She will hopefully lose a pound a month after being placed on a special diet.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears. A Lincoln spokesman dismissed the Bentley designer's criticism and said the model 'is clearly a Lincoln' Volkswagen-owned Bentley has had a Continental in its lineup since 1984 and Ford retired the name in 2002 . Ammann told reporters he 'liked the Bentley designer's comment.'
Manchester City supporters sing a song with the line: 'We're not really here.' They need to fill up the half-empty glasses of the supporters at the Etihad. Not even close... Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year . Why weren't City in the market for Cesc Fabregas? Or Diego Costa? How come they didn't sign Angel di Maria?
Manning, who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents, appears to have joined Twitter this week. In a series of tweets, the prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to  communications firm Fitzgibbon Media, which will post them on her behalf.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm. Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand, according to KSL. The two married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio.
However, Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs a whopping 200 kilograms - could not be flown, and the team were forced to fly only half of it. The weather at the kite flying festival in Chongqing undoubtedly played a part, with a heavy mist reducing visibility not only for pilots but for spectators who had turned up to witness the annual event.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger when he got talking to a group of SouthWest employees. Touched by his story, they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Striker Jay Hart, 24, has been sacked after he was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout while wearing a Clitheroe FC tracksuit . His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, from Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, who has two young children, slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip.
Blogger extraordinaire: Meghan wrote the article for the website Who What Wear, where she works as a Managing Editor .
The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. Speaking to reporters after the fall, Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was  'too angry' to write it all down in one sitting. Peter . Peter then writes Michelle Obama that her husband president Obama needs to 'work on his speeches.'
In the slick three-minute video Cuspert sings 'in France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting. Allah will reward you, put an end to the filthy ones. Last November, Cuspert was compared to Nazi Minister for Propaganda Joseph Goebbels for his ability to appeal to young, disillusioned people in Europe while providing an alternative ideology.
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. Charles Kobold, a cable TV installation guy from the state of Wyoming, took gold in the 10km race . Runners praised the jovial atmosphere as thousands of supporters turned out to cheer them on .
That's what Kankakee County, Illinois, Sheriff Tim Bukowski said Saturday about Kamron Taylor, the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in Chicago. "That's where the big mistake happened," the sheriff said. CNN's John Newsome contributed to this report.
The high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg, who has won praise as George Osborne’s second-in-command, is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. But one plan said to be under consideration by the party, is to keep the 42-year-old MP Inverness MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the House of Lords.
BBC Trust chairman Rona Fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of HSBC over her links to the bank’s tax scandal. Last month she was criticised by MPs as ‘incredibly naïve or totally incompetent’ for her failure to pick up on the scandal. Scandal: There are claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman .
The A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £31.5 million west London home. The house will include rooms for hairdressing, manicures and make-up, as well as separate rooms for 40-year-old Victoria's shoe collection . When ready, the property will have six-bedrooms, a gym, study, office, playroom, cinema and large drawing room.
Manchester United have offered goalkeeper David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay at the club . Louis van Gaal admitted, during his press conference on Friday, that De Gea has been offered 'a lot of money' If De Gea moves to Real Madrid, it is likely he will be a replacement for Iker Casillas .
Adrian (right) died in the hospital on March 19,  the day after his second birthday, from head trauma. Laura Martinez (left) and John Winkler (right), who consider themselves adoptive grandparents of Adrian, say they started noticing bruises on the boy in November, when Langlais started dating Tyrrell . On Wednesday, Tyrrell was arrested on capital murder charges for allegedly inflicting injuries that caused Adrian's death. He is currently being held on $1million bond.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . NYPD detectives were at the store in Brooklyn, New York arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes .
Displeased: Princess Leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the Vatican . But before that happens, she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of Sweden to complete - many with her British businessman husband Christopher O'Neill, 40, by her side.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000 – while the Macpherson Inquiry report was being compiled – before serving five years as the UK’s most senior policeman. In 1998, five years after Stephen Lawrence was murdered in south east London, retired High Court judge Sir William Macpherson was appointed to head an inquiry into the killing.
Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. Astle (centre) scored West Brom's winning goal against Everton in the FA Cup final .
When Darduna's Gaza home was destroyed in last summer's war, he says he felt he was left with nothing. He sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children, not realizing the prize he had. Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia, and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. While some passengers appeared amused by the sleeping man, most were focused on claiming their luggage .
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others. Musical acts include AC/DC, Interpol and Alabama Shakes . Coachella as usual includes two weekends this year with identical lineups from April 10-12 and April 17-19.
(CNN)Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "lost" wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. Here's the thing: That 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated.
Michelle Keegan teased fashion fans with some items from her new Lipsy range on Tuesday, and has unveiled her designs in full today . She swears by Simple face wipes, Origins serums and Garnier and Kiehl's moisturisers.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. And if it gets too hot, Optimal engages its Anti-Freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . Prices haven't been announced .
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. 'Had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity,' Phillips added.
Roma's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be part closed for  game against Atalanta on April 19. A young Napoli fan died after clashes between supporters following last year's Coppa Italia final .
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. Such  wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages. However, a movement of fledgling organisations such as the South China Nature Society, run by student conservationists, is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites in the country.
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle . The left back is expected to miss the rest of the season. Arjen Robben (centre) and Franck Ribery (right) have been ruled out of Bayern's upcoming match . David Alaba is likely to be out for the rest of the season after sustaining a knee injury .
Giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the South on Tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. Along with hail, lighting and thunder also hit Arkansas and parts of Mississippi. According to The Weather Channel, the storms will move across the Midwest on Thursday with St Louis, Louisville, Memphis, Indianapolis, Little Rock, Oklahoma City and Dallas hit hardest.
Tragedy: The twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into a Arizona canal this weekend have been identified as brother Eli and Silas Keslar. It has not yet been revealed how the boys were swept away in the canal, but authorities have said they don't suspect foul play. Touching: As of Sunday, the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the two boys had raised over $10,000 .
Workmen have been seen on Kingston Road in Stockton, the setting for the newest series of Benefits Street . Filming has finished in Stockton, with the new series set to air in the coming weeks. But local people claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area, by giving it a makeover before the programme is aired.
Poundland has posted annual sales exceeding the £1billion mark for the first time in yet another sign of the discount stores' sustained challenge to established supermarket retailers. Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer, with a trial expansion into Spain currently underway .
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches (60 centimeters) in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety. A 12-mile (20-kilometer) exclusion zone was established around the crater.
The wearing of Nike products has long been contentious among ISIS jihadis, due to the fact the name was inspired by a Greek goddess and reportedly sound like several words of a sexual nature in Arabic .
Struggles: Grayson Moore, left with his mother, and Annabel Jensen, right, have both transitioned gender. Changed: Sara Jade Woodhouse, above, changed gender much later in life. Annabel Jensen, who was born Christopher, got as far as being ordained as a Mormon elder and was lined up to go on a two-year mission before she confronted her identity as a woman. Even the most senior members of the church are starting to take notice of the Mormon transgender population.
Police found a body, that they believe to be the high school teacher, on the night before she was die to wed her partner of five years . Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in memory of Stephanie, causing social media users to flood the internet with images of yellow clothing under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow .
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto. After a journey of more than nine years, Nasa’s New Horizons spacecraft is now reaching the climax of its thrilling mission. The mission will officially end in 2026. The dwarf planet may even harbour an underground ocean.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity (shown). It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years . Transits of the moon, Venus and Earth across the sun, as observed from the SDO, are also seen, while towards the end of the video Comet Lovejoy can be seen passing the sun in December 2011.
That is the view of former captain Andrew Flintoff — with Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. He will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Newcastle stand-in skipper Moussa Sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva during Monday's 2-0 defeat at Anfield. Sissoko hands the captain's armband to boss John Carver as he leaves the pitch after being sent off . He was fortunate not to get a straight red and he agreed with me.
It was the right decision. Still, it's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for both Lloyd and now Hernandez, who were once friends. And Patriots bashers (me included) would be mistaken to try to find fault with the team for drafting Hernandez despite his troubled past.
Amelie Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray's coach last summer . Mauresmo,  a former world number one,  won Wimbledon and Australian Open singles titles back in 2006 .
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody. The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe. The singer in the video, later revealed as Ross Burbury, is a singer songwriter from Brisbane who is also head of direct sales at News Corporation.
Hull, Leicester and Swansea City are following Poland international winger Maciej Rybus. He has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for £3.2million.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991, about 350km west of Melbourne. The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps, the Herald Sun reported.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus. Agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy South Yarra.
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold. Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester . Horowitz said he would not teach the strategic management class again at the Galveston campus (pictured) and that in his 20 years of teaching he had never failed an entire class .
A 46-year-old man has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in Pennsylvania. Harvard claims he was 'fearing' for his life and for Mazzetti, so he took off out of his driveway. Sutton has not been charged.
Knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed ‘because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one’s life.’ The American, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student. Victim: Meredith Kercher was killed while in her bed in Perugia in 2007 . In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
In a statement a Delta Air Lines spokesperson said the flight crew noticed a ‘smoky odor in the cockpit’ while taxiing to the gate. The spokesperson added: ‘Out of an abundance of caution, the crew shut down both engines and notified the airport fire department.
Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday. She plans to appeal the conviction. In her first mugshot, taken in 2008 (right), Arias smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published . Arias killed her ex-boyfriend in 2008 after a stormy relationship.
The Afghan Taliban has published a bizarre biography of their 'charismatic' supreme leader Mullah Omar - praising the one-eyed terrorist's 'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. In a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of ISIS in the central Asian country, the Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader.
This is not a justification for his actions, but it helps to explain why he was so impervious to pleas for mercy. But before we congratulate ourselves on how civilized and humane we've become, perhaps we should pause to consider the violence that is still being inflicted on perfectly innocent people around the world in our collective name.
They've developed a new IT weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders, including in the United States. Enter the "Great Cannon." The two attacks were connected, however, the study says.
Jeffery Newmark, interim director of heliophysics at the agency, added: 'It's definitely not an if, it's a when.' 'Once we get beyond Mars, which formed from the same stuff as Earth, the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low,' he said.
The 26-year-old from Burnham-on-Sea won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014. 2013 World Champion Phillips hopes to use this year to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics .
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. Family life: Aydian, who transitioned in 2009, lives with his wife of three years Jenilee in Oregon . A spokesman told Yahoo: 'We're looking for a guy who's physically fit, who lives a healthy lifestyle, leads by example, has overcome some challenges in his life, and somebody who our readers can learn something from.'
Until then, a deep water channel called the Central American Seaway separated the continents.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project. Bettman told Daily Mail Online that Luis' girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before Luis got down on one knee and popped the question .
Brentford boss Mark Warburton was delighted with his Brentford side's win over local rivals Fulham . Alan Judge scored Brentford's third goal, helping the Bees move up to fifth in the Championship . Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his team aren't yet safe from relegation in the Championship .
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling, pictured celebrating a goal for England, says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Sterling says that he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year . Patience with Sterling and his representatives is shortening, however.
James May has been forced to backtrack for suggesting Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'. Perkins, who became a favourite to replace the ousted Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets, recently announced she was leaving Twitter  as a result of the horrific abuse.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 (5-1 on agg) to advance to the Champions League semi-finals . Barcelona won the treble in 2009 and former defender Eric Abidal (right) says the current crop are on their way . Abidal, who retired last year, was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation in Catalonia . Neymar and Lionel Messi have impressed for Barcelona this season, along with striker Luis Suarez .
They say it could also include a gland that can filter the visual signal to the brain by producing vintage or black and white effects much like a modern camera. The designers say 3D bioprinters could be used to create the tissues to create the complex eye stucture .
In recent years, Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters. Thingvellir National Park provided the location for the North of Westeros in Game of Thrones . Europe's most powerful waterfall, the Dettifoss, was used in the opening scenes of Prometheus .
The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 . McIlroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters in Augusta .
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies. 'It can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency - how we function, how we relate to men, how we engage in national security - that is pretty off.' You just block the sensation of feeling,' Bennett said.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid but opted for a move to Italy instead.
By sucking on a jar. To look like Kylie Jenner. Kudos for originality this week.
Bernie Madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress . Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history. After 'Leah' became pregnant with Eboli's child in 2001 Madoff apparently summoned her into his office to say she had made a mistake.
Dick Advocaat will welcome back Lee Cattermole after the midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United . Cattermole will return, but defender Wes Brown will miss the clash as he recovers from a knee injury .
Manchester City Under 18s boss Jason Wilcox, whose side take on Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday, is aiming to emulate United's famous Class of '92. Manchester City Under 18s manager Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team . Wilcox does not want to get into that. 'It was devastating at the time.
However, Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan. Bernie Ecclestone, speaking in Bahrain, has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix . The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record .
Taken in ISIS' northern stronghold of Mosul, the photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. A second photograph shows one of the men blindfolded and forced to his knees in a town square while a masked militant reads out the charges against him. Locals on the ground suggested the men's decapitated bodies were later put on public display in central Mosul.
The South Korean government paid an eye-watering £2.4million to the makers of the new Avengers movie to ensure the country is shown in a positive light, it has emerged. Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul and the country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the Republic of Korea is shown as 'high tech' and 'modern'.
Juan Mata, released by Rooney, scores as Manchester United smash their rivals at Old Trafford . 'It's a big win and a boost of confidence but Arsenal are doing great and I'm sure City and Liverpool will fight to the end, so we have to fight to the last minute.'
Kevin de Bruyne is linked with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for the club's veteran forwards . Bayern's Franck Ribery says despite De Bruyne's impressive form he is the wrong type of player for Munich .
Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was taken into custody on Monday and Balch Springs police said she has been charged with injury to a child by omission, according to NBCDFW. A witness said  Benjamin was possessed by demons, according to pastors. She also said he had went 25 days without food before he died . Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, (pictured) to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and the body returned to Mexico.
The cancer of corruption has to be cut out. Now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of Boko Haram and corruption. But they cannot deny that he has won this historic victory because he has touched a chord with a people exhausted by years of misrule.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company. Paul O'Grady's show 'For the Love of Dogs' is an absolute television favourite of pets . Keeping up with the Kardashians (2%) 2.
The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool in the second defence of his WBA lightweight belt.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . I am absolutely, utterly disgusted that they feel they can advertise a quit smoking campaign with something that has saved so many lives,' she wrote. She has called for the advert to be banned.
In a joint interview with his high flying lawyer wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez, Nick Clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected: with her. Revealingly, Mr Clegg quipped: 'Discussion's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no.' She claimed her husband and his party had 'put country above party' and endured 'great personal cost'.
Rebecca Hannibal (centre) has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend Georgina Bartter (far right) with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills in the lead up to the Harbourlife dance festival . She collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to St Vincent's Hospital but died from multiple organ failure. Police charge sheets seen by Daily Mail Australia allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year.
These are just some of the reasons that Scotland has recently been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK, according to a survey by the country's tourist board. In fact, last year, a quarter (24 per cent) of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country.
Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study, which took five years and included visits to 20 museums in Europe and the United States to collect data.
Those at-risk children are ones that Chad Bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit, Guitars Over Guns. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassmed by David's sister . But although Anne's matchmaking had worked, she was not happy about their relationship and started sending Sandra threatening text messages telling her to stop seeing her brother. Sandra and David at their wedding .
Her tweets in support of Ed have led to lots of other women posting tweets of affection for him . Teen angst: @theurbanangel described her crush on Ed Miliband as 'painful' Internet jokers have also got in on the act, posting mocked-up images of Miliband as various heartthrobs. Just last week, the Labour leader was mobbed by a screaming hen party - and even let the bride on his tour bus for a 'selfie'.
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought and is confident the Brazil forward will soon return to top form as the Catalans continue their bid to repeat 2009's historic treble. Neymar looked out of sorts in the 1-0 win over Celta Vigo and has not scored for Barcelona since February 15 . Barcelona boss Luis Enrique talks with veteran midfielder Xavi ahead of the clash with Almeria on Wednesday .
Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens, according to the New York Post. A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce with her husband. She agreed to be rescued after police officers spoke to her about her daughter, and was lifted off the bridge 'so she could be with her', a police source said .
Direct Assist has now gone into liquidation and the ICO said it intended to register as an unsecured creditor in an attempt to obtain the fine.
Marseille manager Marcelo Bielsa pictured during a press conference on Friday ahead of the tie . Bielsa’s bible says, literally: ‘Running is commitment, running is understanding, running is everything’.
Darren Bent has revealed an Aston Villa return this summer could be on the cards and discussions have taken place. The former England striker, on loan at Derby County, also said Villa were ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack Paul Lambert. Tim Sherwood has inspired at mini-revival at Villa Park since taking over earlier this year .
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station and have been detained under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act. West Midlands Police has said the arrests of the teenagers were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public. The West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number Syria-related investigations in  the region.
A run-down car park has been bought for £3million by the National Trust - because it offers one of Britain's most spectacular views. The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor.
Morata (left) started just three La Liga games for Real last season - in a season of limited opportunities . 22-year-old (left) has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this campaign for Juventus .
One man, allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in a  children's homes between 1981 and 1988, has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages. 'Perhaps this is the only way the alleged victims in this case are going to get some sort of justice.' However, Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said he would not be prosecuted because his deteriorating dementia means there could be no criminal conviction.
In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘evaluating’ the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. Last Week Tonight host John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of 'harmful' documents and asks him to explain why he did it . The ex-CIA systems administrator claims the government can see most of the pictures you share . Snowden: That is a problem.
Under the Hall’s booking conditions, extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted inside the building.
But that was the case for one bear while hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska. However, the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
Glen Walford (left) has been embroiled in a legal battle with Worcestershire County Council since her mother Mary (right) moved to a care home in 2006. The theatre director intended to retire to the property . Now the council has won the right to force Miss Walford to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week. Earlier the High Court (above) had sided with the Walford family .
Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre in the Swiss Alps where he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor . It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window at the adventure camp in Interlaken, Switzerland. Today Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith, concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele Surprenant. Marie's adoptive mother Michele, who is also a social worker, revealed in the blog post that it was her daughter's idea to write the letter because she is grateful for what she has.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, an increase of 2 per cent from 2013, figures released yesterday revealed. And a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third (32 per cent) to 80,200, or 220 a day.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa’s FA Cup final against Arsenal after missing the victory over Liverpool at Wembley because of a family bereavement. Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner is rarely seen at the club's games but is expected to make the FA Cup final .
There's been no break from the globe's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks. Last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century. Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures, melting of polar ice and glaciers, and rising seas. Blunden blames the record heat on a combination of El Niño, a blob of record hot water in the Northeast Pacific Ocean and human-caused climate change.
"We have the power and, of course, today shows we have the numbers." The Justice Department has been watching developments in the Gray case and is officially looking into whether a prosecutable civil rights violation occurred, a spokesperson said Tuesday.
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . With the Duchess of Cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child, the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May. Harry, who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival, had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign.
The SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not 'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance. The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home. She also reveals her low-brow TV viewing habits, love of steak and chips and recent image makeover. Asked what her favourite meal on a Saturday night is, she said: 'Steak and chips.'
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner, let slip very discreetly in an interview with Elle magazine that she often spent nights with ‘one of her friends’ – meaning Kendall – in their ‘sister’s apartment’ – meaning Kim’s multi-million-dollar residence, while she was traveling to castings in New York at the start of her career.
Sportsmail understands Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs. But Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of January interest from Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham in Kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile. Dew, of Faversham, then fled the scene, and was found by police hiding in the toilets of a pub close to his friend's home hours later on March 29 last year.
The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble, disciplined and united, something voters in Iowa and others states have said Clinton did not do in 2008.
Tammy Abraham scores for Chelsea during their 3-1 FA Youth Cup final first leg win against Manchester City . Striker Dominic Solanke celebrates after scoring Chelsea's third goal at the Academy Stadium on Monday . The latest victim of their remarkable goalscoring spree was Manchester City in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night. Solanke, pictured scoring against City, could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend .
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. Club chiefs will not compromise on quality and they are also interested in foreign stars including Paul Pogba . As coach Manuel Pellegrini protested: ‘It’s important to have English players. Pellegrini, if he's in charge next year, will need eight homegrown players for the first-team squad next season .
The steel gate at Border Field State Park in California, which was put in place in the mid-1990s, was unlocked by officials in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. And for selected families, it was a long-awaited, intense experience. Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years. He added: 'We talked about how life was without our mom. About how much we love each other.' Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S. without documentation. Border Angels organized the event.
NFL murderer Aaron Hernandez is no longer No 81 - he is Prisoner W106228, Daily Mail Online can reveal. The official number was issued to Hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail, at Cedar Junction state prison in Massachusetts. He was being moved to the maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley today. Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. A man who knew Hernandez and asked not to be identified, said: 'He was regularly high or out of his mind on Angel Dust. Victim: Odin Lloyd, who was murdered by Aaron Hernandez, resulting in the New England Patriots star receiving a whole-life sentence .
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him, Evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after. His death has devastated his parents Shannon Summerfield, 17, and Kris Adams, 19, who have been left confused as to how he could fall ill so quickly.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed, according to CBS.
SS Sergeant Oskar Groening - known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp . But he was there. Auschwitz (pictured) survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old Groening .
Bragging: Edward Nudel, 41 (photographed), was indicted Wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative's dog and bragging about it afterward . Nudel reportedly said when officers woke him to take him into custody.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years, but she claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren'. Leader: Lyle Jeffs stepped up to head the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints when brother, Warren Jeffs, was sentenced to prison in 2007. Mrs Jeffs said she was ordered to leave the compound on September 27 last year for being 'unrighteous'.
Alexis Sanchez's two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici, saw the defending champions through despite Garath McCleary's goal for the Royals. Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal.
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists – which usually contain hits from their youth – in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith.
Slim Sophie: Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians . 'So when you have a baby and have excess skin, all the surgeons in LA said that’s what they would recommend to their patients after having babies.' Bounce back: Jessica Alba also swore by girdles for getting back her pre-baby figure .
13-year-old Melissa Borg (pictured) has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last Thursday . The teenager left home at 7:30AM and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills . However Melissa never made it to class and her father alerted police to her disappearance when he arrived home from work and she was nowhere to be found .
Kyli, now 29, was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, and the North Carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube, as the disease, which effects less than .01 per cent of people, would only get worse. Rapid weight loss: Kyli's weight, which is normally at around 110lbs, dropped to 80lbs when she was at her lightest . So Kyli flew to a hospital in Minnesota that specializes in the 14-hour surgery, and scheduled her procedure for January 2014.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields (honey bees in Paris shown). The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease .
When cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs. Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah . The pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000. Ross is being held at the Cherokee Detention Center on $75,000 bond.
The perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. Scroll down for video . Meanwhile, those in East Anglia prefer Great Danes (19 per cent) over tiny dogs like Chihuahuas (4 per cent).
Last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren's middle son David during a lavish party at the sprawling Palazzo Corsini. Fashion fan:  Beatrice arrives for the first day of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference yesterday . Enraptured: Beatrice sat in the audience to watch a discussion between Ms Menkes and  Karl Lagerfeld .
When Caesar went missing from their home in Ispheming on the weekend, the family tried to find him, and followed some tracks in the soft grass. He was killed by a DNR officer, who believed he was feral . He said he 'felt threatened' so shot him. Shot dead: The officer explained that Caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace' and that he shot the pig, believing he was a feral animal . The shooting also happened on state land.
The spirit of Lincoln's second inaugural was self-evident on April 9, 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Courthouse (McLean House) in Virginia.
Experts said training was ‘heavily geared’ towards young people, meaning many older workers were left behind in the workplace. This left them vulnerable when companies start ‘shedding’ jobs.
The woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the English Channel yesterday. The spokesman said the pair were 'cold and shaken by the ordeal' but unharmed.
Warren says she feels that Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation.
A three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by her family's pet dog at their home. The Alaskan Malamute (not pictured) was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .
A passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge . London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation . The service terminated at Birmingham New Street so that the carriage could be cleaned .
Win a pair of Nike boots signed by Manchester City and England goalkeeper Joe Hart in our competition . The lucky prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam .
The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen. Mary's attendance at the Anzac Day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness. 'It felt like I was all alone with my grief': Mary spoke of feeling alone and misunderstood after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25 in a new TV interview .
Ecstatic: Danielle and Adam Busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth . 'It was an emotional downpour': Danielle described holding the first of her five all-girl babies . Delivered in only four minutes via c-section, it is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969. Dr Alexander Reiter, who delivered the babies at 28 weeks and two days, said the prognosis is good. Welcome to the world: Babies Riley Paige and Parker Kate (right) in their NICU incubators at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas .
BMW has announced that  2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S will need to be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system that could leave those in the car without an airbad . BMW estimates that ten per cent of the cars being recalled actually have the detection mat problem.
A passenger flying from Newcastle Airport to Gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive. Pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the North East of England .
Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other. January 29, 2015 - Odin Lloyd murder trial begins . April 15, 2015 - Sentenced to life in prison without parole after conviction on murder and weapons charges in Lloyd's death . He was never charged and no one was ever arrested.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," Lesa Strachan told CNN's Anderson Cooper Thursday in the first nationally televised interview with members of the jury. We're all people, and we're all equal, and we all deserve the same fair trial, and that's what we wanted to make sure we gave him," Carlson said. What's next for Aaron Hernandez?
Marlena Fejzo, an associate researcher in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, said the link appeared to be due to lack of nutrition in early pregnancy – especially in the first five weeks – rather than medication.
In his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening, he decided to compare "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. Robert Kennedy Jr. has apologized for the wrong things. People with autism are not missing or destroyed.
Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else.
Several DEA agents were participating in alleged sex parties in Colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report . This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .
Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son Grayden in the backseat and killed his child before turning the gun on Melissa Ball, 27, and then himself. Investigation underway: Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated .
If selected on Sunday, David Templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club. Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as Stuart McCall's recorded a 4-1 victory over Cowdenbeath.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning. Gresham police said that tips from the public helped lead to the teenager's arrest, who was found by police at a Marriott Hotel in Clackamas.
By doing so, he will follow in the footsteps of his father - who is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in Switzerland - who won a record 91 races in Formula 1. For the first time in his career, he will drive under his own name.
In astonishing video captured by a passenger on one of the planes, both aircrafts' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time . As well as the two measuring their approach almost identically, the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously.
Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer, although he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess his options at the end of the season. Daniel Sturridge is bidding to return to his best form following a lengthy spell out through injury .
Injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia and David Alaba chat ahead of Bayern's clash with Porto . Injured Ribery acknowledges a steward before taking a seat at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . Robben was unavailable for the encounter with an abdominal injury.
One device to rule them all: A $250 (£168) device called Neurio (pictured) claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’. It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines, allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone .
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . Ginnetti, pictured above with her husband, first approached her victim in May 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym .
A highly-respected senior doctor has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus after being placed in isolation at a hospital. The humanitarian doctor had been working at an  Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November .
The chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home, according to German newspaper Bild. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and 'manic depressive'. Sources at the Federal Aviation Office (LBA) said they were never made aware of the 27-year-old's mental health issues and only learned about them following the disaster.
Exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. Shame that when such horrendous acts occur, our collective attention span is so fleeting.
Elton John and lead singer of the band REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison. ‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition following a February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17 .
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France, who has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets. Writing in Aeon, he says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water.' As well as internal heat, Raymond says another way a planet can keep warm is using a thick atmosphere. But 50 have now been found in the past 15 years, leading some to suggest they may be abundant in the universe.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph, a court heard. She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis.
Labour are most likely to get up and dance whilst on holiday rather than sit back and watch others (39%). Liberal Democrats . Green . They are the most likely to take the hotel toiletries home (57%).
Featuring two carefully painted female models, it is a clever piece of sculpture designed to create an amazing illusion. The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots but this may be his most intricate and impressive piece to date. Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect, then intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon.
After coming under scrutiny, Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook. The Department of Veteran Affairs (DVA) said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes- like Zoo Weekly's 'Special Anzac Centenary Issue'- without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive.'
An attorney for the Gray family said it was positive news, but there is a more important issue. he said. Downs said the family has commissioned an independent autopsy.
This Sports Interaction graphic shows how much Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao stand to earn . Firstly, let's take a look at how much Mayweather and Pacquiao stand to earn should the showpiece fight go the distance on May 2. Mayweather has featured in three of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights to date . Mayweather's lucrative victory against Saul Alvarez in 2013 looks set to be eclipsed by his next bout . The American poses for photos with singer Justin Bieber after defeating Alvarez in Las Vegas .
There has been plenty of speculation about the Belgium international and he even admitted himself in February he fancied a new challenge and had an ambition to play in the Champions League next season. Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton following an injury-hit term at the Toffees . Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his Belgian star . Manchester United 6/5 .
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban.' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by  two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into Bergdahl's activities.
Snarl: One of the cheetahs gets up close and personal to the little reptile and tries to scare it out of its shell . Slow and steady: The tortoise continues his escape across the sands of the Kalahari desert in South Africa .
McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso and says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent. 'I don’t think he likes or respects the stars. I’m being honest. An NFL type of atmosphere in the locker room and around the facility.
The initial lure has been Mayweather in Las Vegas, Nevada. After waiting and waiting for Floyd Mayweather, Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao . Bob Arum, the PacMan’s vintage promoter, has to hand a treasure trove of an offer for a fight in Abu Dhabi this November or December. It’s a dream of mine to fight in that part of the world.’ As a hero of the Muslim world, Khan would be a huge attraction there. Khan has to first overcome Chris Algieri (left), who was decked six time by Pacquiao, on May 29 in New York .
Aguero says scoring against Manchester United is enough to give him shivers . Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao (right) is one of the most gifted players in world football . Meanwhile, Aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the Premier League crown this season despite slipping to fourth, nine points behind leaders Chelsea.
Speaking exclusively to MailOnline ahead of the premiere of his new Broadway musical Finding Neverland on Wednesday, Gary said: 'He wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there. And then there were three: Gary promised fans that they can expect an 'extravaganza' when they come to see the new tour .
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti, which borders Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia in the Horn of Africa. "People risk their lives," he says, "for a better life.
Writing in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine, doctors describe how man came to hospital in California complaining his left thumb hurt and he couldn’t move it properly, and said he had been playing the game for weeks.
Leicester Crown Court heard how Taylor had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of the 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters, aged 12 and four, and a 15-year-old son.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service, the largest in the NHS, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population. Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time. We will spend a minimum of two years there.’ Mr Skelly said: ‘I’ve always wanted to go to London as a paramedic because you get a variety of work and then you can shoot off to Spain for the weekend.’ Celia Potter, 23, from Katoomba in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, said she was encouraged to move to London after talking to friends given jobs in September.
Videoed in their front room, the dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. The video begins with the Chihuahua jumping around excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested . She wrote in the comment section of the original video: ‘They seriously love to play together.
The aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on Monday afternoon . But the man who requested it didn't appear to be frantically lovelorn, he said. While you can't put a price on love, Mr Vance said the service usually charged $3990 for up to 10 letters or characters. The author and recipient of Monday's message remain a mystery.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Colby Ramos-Francis, who is 17 months old, was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation.
It’s difficult to believe that in the next few months, the actress – remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace – will be collecting her bus pass. From where I’m sitting, she looks barely a day over 40. For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats – and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure. She tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast – instead she has just two large meals a day. Out, too, went wholegrains and she even stopped sipping water in the day, something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger.
Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. By October 2014, Reef would be dead. Reef died October 20. Reef's family firmly believes she picked up the amoeba in Lake Havasu (pictured) in May 2013. She was 20-years-old .
Three league visits have been made. Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox this season .
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out but when we cook at home the majority of us (55 per cent) rely on burgers or mince. Over a quarter of under 35's avoid trying unusual cuts of beef because they assume it will be too expensive while 30 per cent admitted they had never been shown how to cook a cut of beef.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. 'Single serve, I think, found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had,' Sullivan said during the interview. Big hit: Keurig Green Mountain has also made $4.7 billion in revenue, and 1/3 of homes in the US reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines .
The plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning, but autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea.
In an interview with CBS This Morning on Thursday, Warren reacted to Wednesday's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line. Warren went on to speak about current Democratic party issues, as well as comment and likely presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the Democratic primaries. It is in this stage of the trial that the jury will decide whether or not to sentence Tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty - a matter in which they will have to vote unanimously.
Liverpool star Raheem Sterling gave a revealing insight into his Liverpool talks with BBC Sport . Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week and says he is focusing on his football .
The principal of an Islamic school has come under fire after he reportedly banned girls from running, amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity. When they found out they had been prevented from competing, a group of female students penned a letter to their principal asking him to let them compete.
Incredible satellite images have shown a massive sandstorm almost as large as the United States billowing across the Arabian Peninsula. Images show the vast sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates and reaching as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days.
The YouTube pioneers told CBBC reporter Ricky Boleto that the video was originally filmed for the family to send to the brothers' godfather who lives in America. Harry (left) and Charlie (right) starred in the Youtube clip which has amassed millions and millions of views .
The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu, according to the news agency, with the majority coming from Myanmar. More than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people still thought to be missing, Tass said.
Daniel Levy reportedly told the Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for Gareth Bale, future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players, priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value .
It has been reported that Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School in Gwent, had been carrying Class B amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her, but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series, and that means the stunning settings where it was filmed are bracing for another influx of tourists. To celebrate the fifth series of Game of Thrones travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain . Northern Ireland . Morocco . Dubrovnik, Croatia .
Clare Hines, who lives in Brisbane, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures . One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah . The family is trying to raise money so Ms Hines can buy  a hearing aid .
Joe Root hits another ball to the boundary on his way to an impressive big hundred in Grenada . Ben Stokes sees the ball disappear to the boundary once again as England struggled on day four . 'We're going to need a very good first hour in the morning,' he said.
Many smartphones on sale today - including Apple’s iPhones, Samsung’s Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with built-in FM chips. Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It said that FM radio is the most reliable way of broadcasting emergency information during times of national crisis and by allowing access to it on smartphones would mean such messages could reach almost everyone, no matter where they are.
Facinet Keita, 31, fled the Olympic village in summer 2012, claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ‘would be murdered’ if he returned to his native Guinea. After the second failed request, he was told he had to leave Britain on December 17, 2013. However, he was released in March 2014 and has since been coaching judo in Stoke-on-Trent.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth. Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far. No trace of the duo has been found.
Nigel Farage will say today that allowing refugees into Europe ‘could lead to half a million Islamic extremists coming to our countries and posing a direct threat to our civilisation’. The Ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. Mr Farage will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean.
Comedian Sarah Silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. But Silverman has been forced to apologize after New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false, because Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything - her male counterpart Todd Barry was booked for the slot. she said.
‘All I hope and pray for is there'll be happy, healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s first child, Prince George, was born at the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital nearly two years ago in July 2013.
Ellen Brody's (second from right) three daughters, Alexa (left), Danielle (second from left) and Julia (right) Brody, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks . The cause of the collision remains unknown and Brody's daughters remain adamant that their mother never meant to hurt anyone .
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in Goulburn District Court. Moore's luxury haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings. It has been more than two years since New South Wales police raided his West Goulburn home on December 12, 2012. Moore will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court .
Every rock band has a face. Kurt Cobain is clearly visible in Nirvana's merged shot. U2 is a bizarre mix of the Irish bunch, as is the Rolling Stones picture. And aside from a hint of Billy Joe Armstrong's eyeliner, Green Day also blend into something somewhat unrecognizable.
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size. Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of Western Australia amongst other exotic introduced species.
The finest steam yacht in Australia . Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater, according to the Property Observer. She become a commercial cargo and fishing vessel. Inspections of the historic steam boat is by appointment only.
Making calls, downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills. Three publicises Feel At Home by saying that it enables you to ‘use your phone abroad at no extra cost’.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world's population, which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades.
'I can tell you that he is very much with us, and the question of his departure has not arisen. Cavani has not been as instrumental to the club's fortunes this season as he was last year but came off the bench to score twice against Bastia in Saturday's League Cup final win.
Ride Like The Wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2. Head said: ‘Ride Like The Wind will run in the 2,000 Guineas.
Charlie Adam stunned the Premier League with a goal from his own half in Stoke's clash with Chelsea on Saturday evening. DAVID BECKHAM . XABI ALONSO .
A senior Indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said. Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan . Ms Bishop hasn't ruled out cutting Australian aid to Indonesia in protest over the executions of Chan and Sukumaran.
Ariana Miyamoto says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class in the port town of Sasebo near Nagasaki, where the US has a naval base and where her African-American father met her Japanese mother. Ariana with her father Bryant Stanfield and a step sibling (left). Though I know they will never be as proud of her as I am.'
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries. The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper, beating the designs for a giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds. The eVolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living'.
Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night . Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind .
Ukip Leader Nigel Farage meets local people in Broadstairs, Kent, as he continues his campaign trail for the South Thanet seat at the general election . The unlikely images of Mr Farage come after the Prime Minister and his Lib Dem deputy Nick Clegg were also snapped on the campaign trail posing for photographs with mothers and their babies. On Friday last week, Mr Cameron was overheard telling his wife Samantha they should have another baby.
Brave Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs. Daniel Goldstone, Danielle Davies and their son Harley, who weighed 11lb 5oz at birth . Harley caused quite a stir at the hospital as he was thought to be too large for the scales int he maternity ward .
Defoe (left) hit a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give Sunderland the lead against Newcastle . Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat congratulates Defoe as he sends on Adam Johnson to replace the striker during the Wear-Tyne derby victory . ‘I’m proud of the team and I’m proud of our fans.’ Meanwhile, an emotional Defoe hailed his strike as one of his finest.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire, despite being unable to swim. At an inquest into his death, the coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the town's police force - an act he claims is motivated by racism. The situation came to a head earlier this year, when he woke to find his car daubed with racist graffiti, seemingly prompted by fears he would sue over his dismissal.
Goals certainly make a difference and, in Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes, Blackburn have two players that Millwall simply do not. Neil Harris' side look almost condemned to relegation from the Championship with two games to still to play .
Morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers. The company, which has over 500 stores around the UK, has chosen the locations according to the make-up of their local communities. The supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move. 'There will be financial reasons behind it.
She needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable and on her record of experience. Clinton also will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity. Hillary Clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate.
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three . about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper on March 3. 'He was driven by the emotion of wanting to see his children and he is generally so fed up in life.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, who publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness, called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end. By doing so, she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany.
The first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday. Barca have already encountered PSG twice during this year's Champions League campaign, as the two sides were drawn together in the group stage. Adriano conceded that 'this game will be tricky' and said Barcelona must brace themselves for PSG to 'come at us with a lot more intensity' than they did earlier in the season.
He was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded, and two years later, had his right leg amputated below the knee. He retired from service and has been climbing since with The Heroes Project, a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, the beginning of the climbing season, when an avalanche swept down.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Ashley Young's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match, Luke Shaw has revealed. Shaw admits that Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room . According to Shaw, United goalkeeper David de Gea is the 'nicest guy in football' and is always approachable .
Skipper John O'Shea has challenged Sunderland to keep their fate in their own hands by securing a fifth successive derby victory over Newcastle. The Black Cats captain celebrates scoring against Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby of 2012 .
A $1.5 million dollar house has been sold for $125,000, after it was put on the market for just one dollar. The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for .
Janet Brown, pictured, was murdered at her family home 20 years ago by an unknown assailant . Builders found Mrs Brown's naked body dumped at the bottom of the stairs of her home, pictured . On the night she was killed, Mrs Brown was home alone. There was no evidence of a sexual assault at the crime scene in Radnage in Buckinghamshire, pictured .
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. Caught: Last week, Delonte Martistee, 22 (left), and Ryan Calhoun, 23 (right), were arrested for sexual assault and officially suspended from Troy University . The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock’s permanent manager on Friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. Kilmarnock went unbeaten during Locke's first six games in charge of the club .
Now, Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of Danish capital.
Cecily Strong, playing anchor Brooke Baldwin, introduced a badly-animated hand grasping at a doorknob. 'Next best thing': For its next story, CNN had no footage of the Iran nuclear animations, so went with Muppets-style puppets . Absurd: The network was imagined providing imagery for coverage of Indiana's religious freedom law through the medium of interpretative dance . They later added in 'random commentary' from Don Lemon, played by Michael Che, which consisted of the anchor repeating 'black people need to pull up their pants.'
A new report claims Ivan Milat, Australia's most notorious serial killer, could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . 'Ivan shot him - he told me the next day,' Mr Milat told the program. According to claims made by the program, Milat was 17 years old when he shot his first victim, Neville Knight . Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
The flights are over and they're in Las Vegas to work. In the past, that was not your usual showjumping and dressage atmosphere -- but that's something the sport is trying to change. This year, a "selfie booth" will let fans crowd in with leading riders for awkward photos on their phones -- and there will be quite some choice of riders. Since the World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious titles available, the cast list over the next four days features almost all of the world's top names.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan today signalled she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip. The senior Tory said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader. Scroll down for video . David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives, but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority .
Nearly 500 British holidaymakers were stranded overnight on an impounded cruise ship in Lisbon harbour after its owners were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt. But that was scuppered when lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' financial wrangle. The harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for Bristol.
Shameless: Cheryl Prudham, 33, who receives £39,000 in benefits, and her partner Robert are spending £10,000 on a lavish ceremony in Las Vegas to renew their wedding vows . It is not their first taxpayer-funded jaunt. The pair separated for a short time after Mr Prudham, who is the father of Mrs Prudham’s five youngest children, struck up a relationship with another woman online.
Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job. DEA head Michele Leonhart, is expected to resign soon, an Obama administration official said Tuesday, as she faces mounting criticism from Congress that she's been unable to change the agency's culture .
It was the moment a man, hands open in peace, stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. A striking picture, taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia. The Reclaim Australia event in Melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis, who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups. 'The neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating, trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group.
The state-funded school in Fulham, West London, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after the watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-Catholic children. But yesterday, this was overturned by a High Court judge who said this decision was ‘flawed’ and ‘unreasonable’.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act - passed in the capital Kuala Lumpur yesterday - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. Razak's political opponents and human rights groups had urged for the bill to be withdrawn, claiming it is 'open to abuse and is a grievous blow to democracy'. Human Rights Watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli (centre) has been the subject of thousands of racists posts on social media . Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on racism and an end to online anonymity .
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is, and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease.
(CNN)Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran.
Bosses from Ismay Imrie & Co, co-owners of White Star Lines, wrote this letter to the family of officer James Moody who died on board the Titanic, telling them his body could be returned - but only for a price . The letter asks for £20, almost £2,000 in today's money, to have Mr Moody's remains sent to his home in Scarborough, and say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial .
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . The property even comes with a brothel licence, according to the advertisement. The property stopped operating as a brothel in December 2013 and been vacant ever since.
Leonardo Jardim addresses his players at training  ahead of Champions League match with Juventus . The Monaco coach insists he is proud after his side reached the quarter-finals without big investment . Dimitar Berbatov is convinced Monaco can reach Champions League semi-final at the expense of Juventus .
As the clock ticked down during QPR's 3-3 away draw with Aston Villa, a cheeky youngster decided to while away a few more seconds by mugging off the former England No 1 with a handmade nutmeg. The QPRv keeper stretches but could not prevent Christian Benteke from scoring a hat-trick .
Paul Childs (pictured canvassing) is the second Liberal Democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive . Ukip leader Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV in the television debate . The Lib Dem candidate is the second from the party to reveal they are HIV positive during this election campaign.
But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their 'mutual friend' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders. Mrs Miliband, right, said Ed, left, did not tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party .
Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick is to retire from rugby on medical grounds. Ulster said that 31-year-old Fitzpatrick had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons, and his symptoms were 'progressively slower to resolve'.
Security was "collapsing rapidly in the city," and he begged the Iraqi government for reinforcements and the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS for air support. Another U.S. military official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, told CNN that the fall of Ramadi is "not imminent."
Bird told Daily Mail Online that campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city. Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour. Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events. He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014 when he visited Davenport. Price was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until a month ago. Clinton's team tapped him last week to be its political director in Iowa.
ATLETICO MADRID . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes . REAL MADRID . Raphael Varane was in excellent form for Real Madrid in defence at the Vicente Calderon .
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. Mystery: This painting depicts Jesus Christ as single person but writer David Fitzgerald believes he was a literary invention that combined the stories from several cults and figures in Judea during the first century . He claims that he is a fictional character invented by followers of Christianity to create a figure to worship. There is no consensus.'
Taser!' - but takes out his service weapon and pulls the trigger. I'm sorry.' WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEO . Chase: This newly-released video of Eric Harris's fatal shooting shows deputies chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot . Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' He shot me! Harris is being held down on the ground, out of shot, by other deputies . I'm losing my breath' Suspect: Shockingly, one of the deputies replies: 'F*** your breath.' Fatal: Following the incident, during which the deputies told Harris to 'shut the f*** up', the suspect was hospitalized. He died an hour later.
Adomah attempts to finish from close range after Norwich midfielder Alexander Tettey's goalbound header . Norwich striker Cameron Jerome (left) failed to add to his impressive goal tally during the match for the hosts . Middlesbrough continued to dominate but with Norwich’s first chance of the game on 20 minutes they really should have been level.
The Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the Portuguese in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Der Kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he couldn't hide his feelings after the game, when he criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing 'ski boots' before turning on the entire team. I thought they took sleeping pills!
The NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise, abusing people’s goodwill as NSW is ravaged by wild weather. ‘We will never call and ask for money. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday, with flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions .
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building. The museum follows the bronze statue (right) that was made the director after his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona .
A photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign . The campaign aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of how they are dressed .
An Arizona police chief has voiced his support for his officer after dashcam footage emerged of him mounting a sidewalk in his speeding police car and knocking down an armed suspect. Pozema argued that Rapiejko may actually have saved Valencia's life because we don't know what he would have done next. 'We don't know that if (Rapiejko) lets him go for another 10 seconds, (Valencia) doesn't take somebody out in the parking lot,' Rozema said.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited 'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
Art detective Christopher Marinello has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 Henri Matisse painting Le Jardin . The art detective is no stranger to high profile cases – having been central to the recovery of a £1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid Munich flat in 2012. Mr Marinello believes art theft is on the rise and said it is now the third highest-grossing criminal trade, behind guns and drugs.
Eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot in Egypt which left 74 people dead. An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. Two of those sentenced to death are on the run.
Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g . Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same. Nestle has sliced its Killer Python lolly in half in a bid to help Australians better manage their health . Nestle has also reduced the size of Smarties 'fun size' boxes from 20g to 16g .
Because the glorious spring weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week - and the weather will be warmer here than in many Mediterranean sun spots. The mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far. That would put many holiday resorts in the shade - with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F), Athens at 16C (61F) and Marseille at 18C (65F).
A mother who appeared in the BBC's controversial documentary 'People Like Us' is facing jail after she refused to pay a fine for taking her teenage daughter out of school to go on holiday. She has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines, and claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000 each. We don't like being told when you can go on holiday by teachers.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals. The Nebraska native, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes.
Women have long been warned that the older they are, the greater the risk of health problems for them and their baby - but research now suggests older fathers can also affect baby's health. This increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in the Hull West and Hessle constituency in Yorkshire . He was sacked last week. Mr Whitehead, speaking on BBC 5 Live this morning, confirmed he was sacked last week. Nigel Farage claimed the scalp was 'another hammer blow' for David Cameron, just a month before the general election .
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens. They are easy to grow, but picky about soil. Camellias are happy in sun or shade and grow as readily among other shrubs as in isolation.
Jordan Spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title . The 21-year-old reacts after sinking his final putt to win the Masters on Sunday at Augusta .
Ben Affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back.' Close: Ben Affleck and his former Freedom Rider mother Chris Anne, seen last October in Los Angeles . 'I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. I was embarrassed. PBS meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network's editorial standards.
His jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class - however according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which had to violate a societal norm.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12. Friday's charges against college track star Martistee and his classmate Calhoun stem from a video footage that was found on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. Officials say they more arrests are expected . Following their arrest, Martistee and Calhoun were suspended from Troy University.
Chris Ramsey's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them. Rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League table .
(CNN)It wasn't until her 20s that Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry. Her grandmother, 90 years old at the time, told Cetin that her real name was Heranus. Like many other survivors of 1915, Heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden. The Republic of Turkey has always rejected the term "genocide." But it's only in the last decade that public dialogue in Turkey began.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean (shown in diagram). It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . But exactly how this area of warmer water has formed, or how long it will stay, remains a mystery.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway . Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. Police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang-related. It’s a vendetta I believe,’ one father said.
The Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month. Mr Miliband's intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was 'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'. Mr Major said the SNP would break their pledge not to hold another referendum 'for a generation'.
A psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the Scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple, thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities. Experts say that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the store's wares makes it even worse .
Sentenced: Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie (front) and his fellow defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 .
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4, the Courier-Journal of Louisville reported. Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case. Oberhansley told police he then used an electric jigsaw to open Blanton's skull and ate parts of her brain, heart and lungs.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Wladimir Klitschko will match Joe Louis in boxing's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on Saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire anytime soon. The 39-year-old Ukrainian, speaking to reporters ahead of Saturday's fight against American Bryant Jennings at New York's Madison Square Garden, has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down.
Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist in central London . Eriksen, who joined Spurs in the summer of 2013, has been with girlfriend Kvist for almost three years .
Real Madrid's international stars were reunited on Wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing El Clasico to fierce rivals Barcelona. Cristiano Ronaldo greets Gareth Bale as Real Madrid's squad are reunited after the international break . Ronaldo, who scored in Real's 2-1 defeat at the Nou Camp last month, appeared fit and fresh as Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training.
He left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck. Sad end: Kelly Nash (left), 25, went missing from his Georgia home January 5. Grisly find: A fisherman came upon Kelly Nash's decomposed body in Lake Lanier in early February . 'Cause of death': The 25-year-old suffered a gunshot wound and drowned, according to officials .
Manager Jennifer Wicka told BuzzFeed that the mess was ‘gigantic in diameter’, perhaps stretching to about 12 feet, and that the apology made her day. Oh man, some people are good.’ A picture of the envelope and letter was uploaded to Twitter by a friend of Ms Wicka’s, Liz Crain, and it subsequently went viral.
Ms Bennett's list of policy pledges will see government spending rise by £89 billion next year - and by £176billion by the end of the parliament. The party would save cash by scrapping £15 billion of road improvement works. The party's manifesto listed a series of radical policies, including an extra £12billion for the NHS, free social care for the elderly, the nationalisation of the railways and an end to tuition fees .
Cologne's 22-year-old Austria international defender Kevin Wimmer is a £4.4 million target for Tottenham . He says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs and would relish the challenge of English football . 'He switches in the summer to England.
The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia with some parties already having a tour of the club's training ground facilities.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia. The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes, three of the brand's most celebrated postergirls, don see-through macs, glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant's new campaign. Candice shows off her incredibly honed physique as she guides her fellow models through an energetic routine using the umbrellas as a prop .
According to the zoo, the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow. The two cubs - one black and one spotty - are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock .
The newspaper won three Pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography for its coverage of the West Africa Ebola outbreak. The Pulitzer prizes, awarded annually by Columbia University, recognize extraordinary work in U.S. journalism, literature, drama, and other categories. Other winners of the coveted award included the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic. Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent. The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis .
On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole. However, U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds. Two other men, Mohamed Abdihamid Farah, 21, and Abdurahman Daud, 21, faced hearings in San Diego, where they were arrested.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park, stopping to chat to a fellow jogger . The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity. She previously completed a 3,000-mile race across the USA (pictured) Miss Middleton has previously told of how she sticks to 'wholesome carbs' when preparing for sporting events .
He got it with Ross McCormack giving them the lead after eight minutes. McCormack celebrates his goal in front of the traveling Fulham fans with just eight minutes played . The second half was low in quality but high in chances.
Relief: Chrystie Crownover told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children . Bruce Jenner's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years. I was pleased that he shared that intimacy with me. Crownover told GMA that she was 'so relieved' the world finally knows Bruce's 'big, big, big dark secret'. First love: Bruce married his college sweetheart Chrystie Crownover in 1972.
Defender Per Mertesacker believes Arsenal have become a stronger unit from their FA Cup success of last season, but cannot allow themselves any sense of complacency against Reading at Wembley in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final. Arsenal won the FA Cup last year and will be trying to defend their trophy this season once more .
Britain's first black prime minister will be a Conservative, David Cameron will claim today. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side. The party of the first Jewish prime minister.
In her post, Mel wrote: 'In the past few months I joined a new club... It’s the IVF Baby Club.' She also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her IVF program. The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20. Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment .
Soon after, Clark, who is from Evening Shade, Arkansas, saw a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field. It's the 122nd diamond found at Crater of Diamonds this year.
In a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in London, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found. In both cases, police are investigating the possibility of an insider helping the thieves. 71 safety deposit boxes raided. Thieves dressed as workmen and gasmen.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane were the heroes as the Southern All-Stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the Premier League's best players from the North and South. Manchester City hotshot Sergio Aguero gave the Northern combined XI the lead after less than a minute, but his team were still beaten . Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez is the stand-out in Football Manager's player ratings with 6.1 while Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North . 29th minute: GOAL!!! 72nd minute: GOAL!!! Sanchez (bottom right, in blue) notches his second goal of the game to settle the contest at Wembley .
Recently, "The Meatrix: Relaunched" came out. Meanwhile, factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat, polluting air and water resources, and damaging the public's health. We need to ask members of Congress to promote sustainable farming, not factory farms.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region. The popular high school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday - the day before Ms Scott's big day. Police have charged school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, with the 26-year-old teacher's murder and will allege Stanford killed Ms Scott at some point between 11am and 7.20pm on Sunday, before dumping her car and body.
Seb Larsson gestures to Sunderland fans during the Black Cats win over Newcastle last Sunday . Crystal Palace midfielder Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness for Saturday's Barclays Premier League match at Sunderland. Mile Jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension if Ledley does not make it, but the Australia captain could be included anyway.
Liam Byrne, who was Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown, left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010. The memo, found by his Liberal Democrat successor David Laws, said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Mr Alexander, the present Chief Secretary, today finally got round to sending a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply – saying it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'.
A retired British soldier has been arrested by detectives investigating the shooting of a man with learning difficulties in Northern Ireland in 1974. John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh. A man has now been arrested over his death . The Government apologised for his death in 2013.
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised . A few days later, after Armstrong recounted his upcoming schedule, Howman broke off the discussion. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005.
The Russian Tennis Federation has confirmed that Maria Sharapova will play for her country against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals this month. Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Manchester City risk losing star man Sergio Aguero should they slip out of the Premier League's top four . The City players look dejected during the 4-2 defeat which left their side fourth in the Premier League table . Real Madrid and Barcelona are both fans. Pellegrini's future as City boss is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign at the Etihad .
Police in Western Australia  have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway relating to access, but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed.
Amir Khan has ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion Chris Algieri on May 30. Algieri (left) lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November - his first defeat in his professional career . Khan (pictured in March 2014) hopes to fight Algieri's home city of New York next month . But Khan's announcement has left IBF welterweight champion Brook disappointed. After Kell Brook's victory over Jo Jo Dan on March 1, he called out Amir Khan in a post-match interview .
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site shouldn't expect to see the same original low prices paid by Target customers. Speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price, including a $150 hammock for $799 and a $34 maxi dress for $202.50. The thousands of pieces available on eBay aren't just from buyers unhappy with their purchases, however.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman from South Lanarkshire, Scotland, who captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick. Brian, his lifetime partner Sooty and their youngsters have been entertaining our guests for years.
The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. Huge, bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their 'sins', before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Teacher Carol Chandler, 53, (pictured outside court) is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s at a top independent school . A total of five people have now been charged by officers from Operation Winthorpe.
A 73-year-old grandmother was found guilty  of first-degree murder on Wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping. Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it. She said she couldn't remember killing him and a psychiatrist testified during the trial that she suffered from limited amnesia. In 1985, Colleen Harris shot her second husband dead in the same house that Bob Harris was murdered at in 2013 .
One of Argentina's top referees faces a ban after overturning a decision based on a television replay . Linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed Delfino . Velez players and coaching staff protest at referee Delfino after his decision to overturn the decision .
Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died Monday, Oregon Zoo officials announced on Facebook. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 . Debate: Elephant activist Courtney Scott (left) has claimed Oregon Zoo officials should not have placed Rama with female elephants at a young age.
A gang of armed robbers used pink umbrellas to hide themselves as they stole £145,000 from 13 shops in a two-month crime spree. Armed: The gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives, golf clubs and screwdrivers . Liam Bell, 19, from Rowley Regis, West Midlands, and 22-year-old Trea Richardson, from Hansworth, were arrested in June last year, at the time of the warrants being executed.
Benteke thinks it would be risky to think that one more win will be enough to ensure survival .
Van Gaal and Mourinho come face-to-face on Saturday when the former's Manchester United travel to Premier League leaders Chelsea. Mourinho (left) worked under Van Gaal as his assistant manager at Barcelona for three years in 1997 . It was Van Gaal who entrusted and encouraged the Portuguese to go into management - with the 52-year-old having won titles in Portugal, England, Italy and Spain since as well as the Champions League twice.
The lovers who got the most complaints in New York City for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works. The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex. She said: 'I'm four months pregnant. I'm not hurting anyone. I don't understand why - other people make louder noises. 'They usually go at it for 10 to 15 minutes and I hear them all over the apartment. The complainant told the website the woman was 'moaning and screaming "Oh yeah, oh, do it to me".'
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. Obesity? A national security crisis? I have a theory. But it's got to be true: We just don't care.
Hernandez's fiancée, Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder, sending the ex-NFL star to prison for life with no chance of release. Shaneah sat with Lloyd's family. Victim Odin Lloyd's girlfriend, Shaneah Jenkins, appeared overwhelmed on Wednesday as Hernandez was jailed for life. The murderer is her sister Shayanna's fiancé . Shayanna Jenkins, fiancee of the former Patriots player, testified at his murder trial in March.
Arsenal target Raheem Sterling is a more talented player than Gunners star Mesut Ozil, according to Michael Owen. Ozil bends home Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday .
We're  losing friends; Iran is gaining them. Battle group naval assets to the Gulf of Aden notwithstanding, the United States is being outfoxed, not outgunned.
Happy family: Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34 (R), and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24 (L), adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . At home: The young lamb has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment, and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention . Restaurant revolution: Since adopting Smokey, Sandy has removed all lamb dishes from the menu at his Manhattan restaurant, Black Tree .
In a startling new tutorial YouTube star Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the  movie of the same name. Promise has been posting YouTube make-up tutorials for six years now having started her channel in 2009 and now has 2.8 million subscribers.
David Cameron this morning attempted to explain away how he forgot which football team he supported - by claiming it was because he'd seen another club's ground the day before. An embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground in East London on Friday. Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'.
Sacked: But Jeremy Clarkson will not face prosecution over the incident which got him sacked from Top Gear . He also verbally abused him for 20 minutes, blaming Mr Tymon for failing to ensure that he could get a steak at the hotel. Victim: Oisin Tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against Mr Clarkson .
Drogba cracks a smile alongside popstar Milian during the charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester hotel on Saturday night . After Grammy-nominated singer Milian was given backing support by Drogba and Hazard during her performance, Fuse ODG entertained guests with his greatest hits.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. (above) of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car (above) while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . Police have not revealed at this time the relationship between the two men. Brennan, who called himself an 'idiot' after blowing up his car, was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday .
Australia's 'tiny hearts and balls of steel', it's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats, and a policy which could be copied by Britain, according to a British commentator. 'They threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning.' 'Australians are like British people but with balls of steel, can-do brains, tiny hearts and whacking great gunships.
Tiger Woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth at Augusta . Despite finishing 13 strokes behind 21-year-old winner Jordan Spieth, this was Woods' best finish in over a year.
During the course of her harassment, Pauline Bruce's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs. She began making silent phone calls to the couple day and night. Then in March 2011 Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer and told he didn't have long to live. 'I was frightened for our lives.
A mother is suing her local council over claims it ignored complaints of bullying that she says left her autistic daughter with post-traumatic stress disorder. Bullied: Tracy Stratton claims seven-year-old Tianni (pictured together) has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house. One one occasion, Ms Stratton said her daughter, who is half Asian, wore sun cream in an attempt to change the colour of her skin. I want to sue for damages for her trauma.'
The photographs were taken at the expedition base camp of Cape Evans on Ross Island . Scott and his men made it to the South Pole on January 17, 1912 only to find Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen had beaten them. They have now been sold by an auctioneers to an unnamed buyer .
Cesc Fabregas showed off the result of a nasty-looking clash with Charlie Adam's arm during Chelsea's victory against Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. 'At least I might be able to fix my nose after all... Good win today!'
19-year-old Hattie Gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis, now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com . She reveals all about what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time, how to have sex with a bag and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Bryan Santana (left) of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio (right) He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing Fazio's dog (above), and using its blood to write messages on the wall . This came just days after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself and tried to hit a corrections officer at the courthouse during opening statements in the case. In court documents, Santana (right) admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio (left), a Disney World employee, to death, and then having sex with her corpse .
Spectacular snowfield: Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park . Right, some of the original Gold Rush prospectors .
Rio Ferdinand pictured in training at Queens Park Rangers last week. He has played just five times since the start of October - not much of a swansong. Harry Redknapp described Ferdinand's signing last summer as a 'remarkable coup' for the club . That fairytale finale, with Ferdinand leading an heroic resistance to keep Rangers in the Premier League, seems unlikely.
Sam Allardyce (centre) has told West Ham co-owner David Sullivan not judge his side on 2015's results . Enner Valencia (left) is back in contention for West Ham following his bizarre toe injury he suffered .
Ethiopian Lelisa Desisa, who won the Boston Marathon in 2013 before a terrorist attack, was the first-place finisher this year with a time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds . Caroline Rotich, of Kenya, won the women's division with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 24 minutes, 55 seconds . The race comes less than three weeks after Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the then-19-year-old Chechen Cambridge resident who brought bombs to the race, was found guilty of all the terrorism charges against him in a trial that saw moving testimony from victims who had lost loved ones and limbs.
Winger Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City and has been in fine form . Villa midfielder Joe Cole is backing the club to defy the odds and beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final in May .
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us. Hurlingham Travel - price on application . Elite wedding and event planner, Sarah Haywood, explains that the ultra-wealthy prefer not to book in advance .
Wansdworth, which is an affluent borough, has decided to remove sibling priority from September 2016 in a bid to make the process fairer and give priority to children who live closest to schools. More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school, with 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .
He is brash, he can be crass, and when it comes to being a braggart, he is the undisputed world champion. Then, he took to referring to himself as TBE, or The Best Ever. He is better than Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Robinson ever were, Mayweather said this week. You might want him to lose to Pacquiao but you better accept that he probably won’t. He is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing. He is scorned as a great vulgarian, a gaudy show-off, boxing’s thug king, and yet more than any other modern fighter he embodies the mastery of some of its finest skills.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major (left) will today ignore warnings from his former Scottish Secretary against talking up the threat posed by the SNP . David Cameron's campaign attacks on the SNP risk undermining the future of the United Kingdom, senior Conservative peer Lord Forsyth has claimed. Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum. 'This is a recipe for mayhem. Miss Sturgeon used her manifesto launch in Edinburgh to seek to assuage the fears of voters in the rest of the UK about her party being involved in the next government. THE UNION .
Taubman, a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls, died Friday at the age of 91. "Demographically, I looked at the numbers, and as far as I was concerned we couldn't miss," he recalled in 2007. "And we didn't." And in 2002 he was jailed following a conviction for conspiring with rival auction house Christie's to fix auction house commission rates to maximize profits. He first project was a freestanding bridal shop in Detroit.
Tina Fey (above) was spotted for the first time since the suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on Friday . The writer, actress and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond (above) Dr Brandt (left) took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff (right), on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt .
Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down  fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans. Anyone with information about those pictured is urged to contact Operation Resolve officers .
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal after picking up a slight knock . Brendan Rodgers revealed that Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London .
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society, a court heard. The fraud was allegedly carried out from May 2012 to May 2013 and many of the victims were elderly or vulnerable, four were in their 80s and another three were over 65. He is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away.
Pensions minister Steve Webb has now urged people to not make rash decisions . Experts fear pensioners could be vulnerable  if they do not receive proper advice regarding pension plans now that over-55s can cash in their pensions and spend them  instead of being forced to buy an annuity (file image)
An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. At this point, police are declining to say much about the case, citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations.
‘People were asking if this was the wobble and was this Hibs; season ending again. They were courageous and brave so I am delighted for them.’ Stubbs singled out El Alagui for special praise. The striker – not long back from seven months out with an achilles injury – played brilliantly before securing victory with his injury-time finish.
Ms Barber first discovered she was battling with pulmonary embolisms in 2012, when she was 22-years-old. A year later, Ms Barber was rushed to hospital again, and doctors found a melon-sized blockage in her lungs. She will now have to take the warfarin, which stops her blood from clotting, for the rest of her life.
Located in the centre of the city, the signature suite, which rents for a staggering AED 100,000 (£18,188) per night, hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground. The sprawling suite features three bedrooms, a pantry, a full dining room, library and cinema. A private helipad also services the luxurious hotel room.
And at least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year. A Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea, which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave.
The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes. The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Research found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) – which provides detailed images of internal body structures – and was humorously dubbed by those involved as the ‘pull my finger study.’ Biomedical engineering professor Richard Thompson said: ‘Rapid imaging with MRI was ideal for these studies because it allowed clear visualization of the bones and fluids surrounding them, and critically, the formation of the air cavity.’ One of the study's co-authors, chiropractor Jerome Fryer, was used as the guinea pig for the experiment and lent his own knuckles to the cause.
The Magpies have lost their last six Barclays Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver and more demonstrations are planned for the visit of Swansea after a significantly smaller crowd than usual saw last weekend's 3-1 home defeat to Tottenham. The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's  match against Swansea . Swansea are unbeaten on their three Premier League visits to Newcastle, winning twice and drawing once, and secured their top-flight status last season by winning 2-1 at St James' Park towards the end of April.
In an Easter message to Christians, the Prime Minister insisted the Coalition had spent five years ‘trying to lift people up’ by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. Six weeks ago, the Church provoked a row with ministers by publishing an unprecedented guide to how the country’s 30million Christians should ‘approach the General Election’.
Lewis Hamilton has told Nico Rosberg he will do his talking 'on the track' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert. Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg addresses the media ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix .
A 250-year-old sex toy has been found by archaeologists during a dig of an ancient toilet in Poland. The eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid. The deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal.
The council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber.
Overdose: Eric Carter, 21 (right), and Stephanie McCassin, 24 (left), of New Hampshire, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . She went to check on them, she said, and found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor as the child remained in the tub, seeming oblivious to the situation.
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. Panicked: Bullock's distressed 911 call was played in court on Thursday. Preliminary phase: A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial. In the call, Bullock says she locked herself in her closet which has a 'safe door'.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing . The Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a hero in the Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368), who successfully eliminated pests during a massive drought.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho will miss Monday's visit of Newcastle with a hamstring injury. Daryl Janmaat trains with Newcastle United in a running session on Tuesday . Coloccini will complete his three-match ban and striker Papiss Cisse sits out the fourth of his seven matches, but while midfielders Rolando Aarons (hamstring) and Siem de Jong (collapsed lung) have returned to training, neither will be involved at Anfield.
The Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. Wingspan: 385 feet (117 metres) Engines: Six 747-class engines . Satellite delivery:  Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000 km) above Earth.
The three men, who are in their 50s are all from the York area. Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from York in March in connection with Ms Lawrence's murder. Officers completed their searches earlier this afternoon before the three men were released on police bail . 2009 .
A property developer who falsely accused his neighbour's son-in-law of a racist assault in a row over a new driveway smirked yesterday as he walked free from court. Yesterday Chaddah, 43, who claimed he was suffering from post-traumatic stress, punched the air with delight as he strolled free from court after being given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
According to the official spokesman for the Taliban, Zabiullah Mujahid, over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban. Afghan security forces are struggling to cope with the new offensive across Afghanistan  particularly with the gradual withdrawal of NATO forces .
Nacer Chadli tries his luck from 30 yards out to open the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike . Chadli was given space outside the box and pulled the trigger just as Newcastle midfielder Jack Colback arrived in defence . Eriksen (right punching the air) and Spurs celebrate after his free-kick saw them regain the lead against United . Kane's goal after a quiet game by the prolific striker's standards brings him back level with Sergio Aguero as the Premier League's top scorer . A young boy holds up one of the hundreds of Ashleyout.com flyers handed out before the match .
Armitage, who was named European Player of the Year last season, has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
He will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. Are housing association tenants covered?
He said the gap between the parties' plans was 'bigger than any time since 1992' – giving voters a clear choice between more taxes, spending or borrowing. David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was 'a risk to our recovery, a risk to our economy, a risk to jobs'.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National. Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham festival. A.P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake in what is his last ever Grand National festival, as he looks to leave the racing scene and his legacy with a bang. Hello sunshine: Many racegoers appeared to have dressed for August and clearly wanted to make the most of the lovely weather . A quintet of ladies enjoy a chat as they arrive for a day's racing at Aintree .
A married teacher was caught having sex with his model lover in a classroom at a top Catholic private school. The Priory School (pictured) was said to be packed with pupils and parents when Mr Turnbull and Ms Khanim - who describes herself as a model - were walked in on .
The impressive Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. Groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 (£145/$215) for two nights.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash. The family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him . The 19-year-old, who smoked cannabis the day before crashing into the schoolgirl while texting at the wheel, was jailed for four years . The teenager was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire, when she was struck by Blackwell's car . Liberty's father Paul Baker (left) said he wished he had been killed instead. Blackwell's car following the incident last June.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at  Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead. Police say the parent, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. She was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to Winthrop University Hospital. McKenzie and her niece were arrested at the scene.
The International Monetary Fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016, beaten only by the United States. It comes as the Tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year.
Veteran explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes is receiving medical attention at the  Marathon des Sables after running for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C. He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage and described the experience as 'more hellish than hell'. But Sir Ranulph, in a bid to become the oldest Briton to complete the six-day ultra-marathon in the South Moroccan desert, said thoughts of the Marie Curie teams he is raising money for kept him going.
President Barack Obama (centre) welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday . Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in February and were congratulated by Obama . But there was one notable absence  with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen at the White House .
But since March Coca-Cola has made the lids on all of them red, with the aim of bringing all four variants 'together under one brand'. Coke zero used to have black lids. Coke life green'.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. When it comes to honeymooning 18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the UK compared to 8 per cent five years ago .
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's 22-year-old forward Yoshinori Muto, according to club president Naoki Ogane. Muto graduated from Keio University in Tokyo with an economics degree two weeks ago . Muto admits it is an 'honour' to receive an offer from Chelsea although he has not yet decided to join the club .
Advocaat has confirmed the 27-year-old midfielder, who was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday, remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation. Johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child, contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin (both above with mother Lian), five, came up with the idea in memory of their brother Harvey .
Manchester University in Indiana (pictured) was on lockdown late Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed with explosives on campus . The university (pictured, file photo) to shelter in place as police and a bomb squad were seen arriving at the scene .
The sprawling house, built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London, has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales. But the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
(CNN)A naturalized U.S. citizen pleaded not guilty in Ohio Friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI. Mohamud traveled to Syria in April 2014 "for the purpose of training and fighting with terrorists," prosecutors said in a news release.
Dizzying: Bill and Scooter Yoak restored the plane as a tribute to U.S. servicemen who have died in combat .
Henry, who was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea, also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker. Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack . 'Arsenal were at the top of the league last season, but everyone was saying they are not going win the league.'
Artist Catalina Viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms, including Kim Kardashian's, from candid paparazzi shots . Miley Cyrus: In total, the 31-year-old artist has completed 42 miniature works, which cost up to $90 (£60) each .
The Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. The space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons. 'We can make big progress in the search for life.'
Manny Pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. The so-called 'The Nation's Fist' not only wrote the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' but also sang and directed the music video before releasing it on his Facebook page on Monday. Pacquiao has revealed the colourful mouthpiece he will wear during the May 2 bout in Las Vegas .
But now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food, or flee hunters.
"But if war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them."
And the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. According to the satellite observations, lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans. And it also seems to happen more often closer to the equator.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation. Rescue: The K-9 Angels (Pola pictured) have rescued hundreds of stray dogs from being killed in Romania and re-homed them in the UK . Second chance: Pola, Anneka and Victoria (pictured) have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs .
"Everyone's life changed because of this." The jurors said they found out about Hernandez's other legal woes from Garsh only after they reached a verdict. "The system is designed to be fair to both sides," he said.
The designers,  based at Dalian Nationalities University, do not say whether the bike will automatically fill and drain with water too. By changing the front wheel of the exercise bike into a washing machine drum it will spin as the user pedals .
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table, sitting just above Burnley . West Ham . Manchester City .
The Orange County district attorney's office said Thursday that 35-year-old Angelika Graswald, of Poughkeepsie, is charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore. Troopers have said Viafore, also of Poughkeepsie, was kayaking with Graswald on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of Cornwall-On-Hudson. She was eventually scooped up by a passing boat and called 911 after reaching land to report Viafore missing.
Arrested: Kenne Worthen, pictured left in his mug shot and right in his teacher's headshot, was arrested on Friday after it emerged that he allegedly had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students . 'Sick': He allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside of school by messaging her on an iPod app . Worthen, who has no criminal record, also allegedly admitted to having sexual contact with the girl after contacting her over the internet. He was arrested at the school on Friday afternoon and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation, child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor.
Rio Ferdiand (right) believes that Manchester United are at their strongest with Wayne Rooney in attack . Ferdinand said that victory reminded him of the team he used to be a part of. 'The performance against Liverpool was the Manchester United of old. It was a sign they were on to something.'
In a last-ditch attempt to steal the Tories’ mantle as the party of economic responsibility, he will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a ‘time of scarcity’. He will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’, though he will not set a date. It is more ambitious because it starts from a clear commitment to balance the books.’ Policies in Labour’s manifesto include a £2.5billion NHS fund paid for from a mansion tax, a levy on tobacco firms and closing a hedge fund tax avoidance loophole.
Valerie Rutty, of Warrington, Cheshire, altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned - then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund. Theft: The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester .
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday. Bubba Watson (left) struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 as his Masters hangover continues . The double Masters champion finished 38th in Augusta this year, much to the American's disappointment .
The 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering from Rhinoplasty, but rather than recuperating at home, she is at a five-star hotel, part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package she is on. Langley said. Follow the journey: The hairdresser has over 190,000 Instagram followers and decided to share the experience with fans and 'own' her decision to have cosmetic surgery . Day one and two: Rhiannon has been posting progress selfies on social media . Her trip to Thailand is a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package with CosMediTour.
The chaos of motherhood laid bare: Mum-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, shared this photo of herself breastfeeding her toddler daughter while on the toilet. The image has since gone viral . Debate: The image, which has attracted more than 25,000 shares on Facebook has provoked debate . Motherhood ain't pretty but then that's what makes it so beautiful.'
The cloud dragon appears to breathe fire in these incredible images captured by amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli . It was not until 1348 that St George became the Patron Saint of England.
Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. The crash occurred on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest . The crash comes after police warned motorists to obey the road rules over the Easter long weekend or risk 'ending up in custody, hospital or the morgue'.
Two pupils have been suspended after schoolgirl's drink was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid during a science lesson. A schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment at Hounsdown School, pictured, after he water bottle was spiked with hydrochloric acid . We have reported the incident to the Police and two students have been temporarily excluded.'
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. If they manage to sequence the DNA, they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids in general and the early history of the Neanderthal.
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week. The poll also found that almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell – in comparison with only 16 per cent of men.
The Indonesian President has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time' before convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran face the firing squad . President Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion .
Gas-guzzler: Carrying natural gas in huge plastic bags is a common scene in some villages in Shandong . An earlier undercover investigation by Anhui Satellite TV Station shows that villagers in Zibo have little understanding of the dangers, claiming it to be safe.
They might be separated by 613 miles, the French Alps and the English Channel but the romance is clearly still very much alive for Pippa Middleton and her stockbroker boyfriend Nico Jackson. Despite reports earlier this year that claimed the pair were on the verge of a split, the two presented a united front as they left a restaurant in Fulham last night. In the meantime, she has the impending birth of her newest niece or nephew to look forward to, with the Duchess of Cambridge's due date pencilled in for this Saturday.
Conchita van der Waal, pictured, offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients from €450 an hour . Van der Waal hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web . Following the revelations, the Dutch central bank said it would review screening procedures for new employees.
Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise Muslims, according to an officer from the Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit. Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in the community but 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said.
Twenty-two-year-old Rachel Jaajaa and 29-year-old Aaron Tate's daughter was found on Friday night at a McDonald’s in Elyria when a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. They were both arrested Monday and charged with child endangering. Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
He then followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom. His behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police officers who were watching his every move.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday, but their Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani was not so fortunate.
(CNN)As a boat packed with hundreds of migrants capsized in Mediterranean waters, many were trapped inside behind locked doors.
The 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on Saturday in a bid to track down the young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney. South Sydney star Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL after posting a homophobic slur on Instagram . The comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling the response 'grubby' and 'disappointing'. The comment was shortly deleted and Luke has since made a public apology over his offensive remark . The revelation follows after Rabbitohs' sealed a bitter 18-17 victory against the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium .
Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident, which preserves a round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike. Replacing the deterrent with a ‘like for like’ system would cost around £100bn.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013. His two passengers - brothers Haider, 20, and Taimur Kayani, 17, from Leytonstone, were killed in the collision on Lodge Avenue, Dagenham.
Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in his home town of Sheffield . Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place . Phil Taylor 2-7 Raymond van Barneveld . Stephen Bunting 5-7 Michael van Gerwen .
Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit. Reiter, who was making his third attempt at the summit, called is wife Susan by satellite phone, The Press Democrat reported. American Google executive Dan Fredinburg was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain yesterday.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham's top four hopes . 'The Europa League is difficult. Roberto Soldado reacts as Tottenham are knocked out of this season's competition by Fiorentina . Spurs defender Kyle Walker (left) is a major doubt for the Premier League clash against Newcastle .
On Thursday's episode of "Somebody's Gotta Do It," Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters, who does just that. Those efforts helped him earn the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award, along with numerous other honors.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years and now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending, an investigation revealed. Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, the Times newspaper claimed. David Cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending while slashing funding for the police, defence and justice.
Lionel Messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start Sunday's La Liga match with Celta Vigo. The Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break but, after arriving back in Barcelona on Thursday, was able to do some light running and stretching in training. Lionel Messi waves to fans during a light training session at Barcelona on Thursday .
The symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea. Sometimes antibiotics are prescribed, especially for more serious cases.
Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday . But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions . Dominic Solanke (left) and Brown got the goals as Chelsea saw off Shakhtar Donetsk to take the trophy . I finished as top goalscorer, which is an amazing achievement for me.
She's previously spoken of her love of shoes, claiming she's a 'girly girl' whose footwear gives her added 'confidence', so it was no surprise Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was starstruck when she caught up with her fashion icon - world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo. Ms Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet wives and partners of SAS members, while shoe designer Jimmy Choo, who is the tourism ambassador for Malaysia, is currently in the West Australian city to host his first ever Australian masterclass. The pair crossed paths at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino, where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon, attended by Ms Bishop.
Blanca fell to her death from a window just before dawn. Paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building in Repulse Bay. She was a member of the Hong Kong Pony Club and was understood to have been educated at a private tuition centre along with her younger sister. Our investigations indicate the girl was unhappy with her life.'
Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for the same property. The annual levy will hit his own home in north London (right) Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the NHS.
Nick Abendanon was perhaps the only happy Englishman at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night and, after leading Northampton a merry dance, he revealed faint but lingering World Cup hopes. The English full back was man of the match for the third time against Premiership opposition this year . A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage .
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night, and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press. The series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world.
ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher, a fortified Iraqi base near Tikrit. A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit, an Iraqi government official said Tuesday.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word, and US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary despite pledging he would during his election campaign.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing (stock image shown). And they were a third less likely to 'hear' it when chewing gum. The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
Titled "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians," the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal "what's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city," going on state that a key ingredient of the unrest was African-Americans "targeting Asian-owned businesses for destruction."
The tech giant has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million). Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details. Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
The teenager wanders past the monkey, who eyeballs him from a ledge as he gives it the middle finger . What he didn't anticipate was the monkey rearing its tail, bearing its fangs and launching itself at his face - taking him by surprise and sending him sprawling onto his back.
MaiquetIa, Venezuela: it's a long way from Bundoran — and a long way from the Belfast homes of Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan. Barnes and Conlan box for the Italia Thunder team, but the sights and sounds of Milan and Rome were not what drew them to the competition.
A woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack Istanbul's police headquarters on Wednesday just a day after a deadly hostage situation in the city. She was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol . Critical: Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries .
Deva Joseph, 14, was left in floods of tears at London Stansted airport (pictured) after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain . The Daily Mirror reports that the airline has since apologised adding: 'Whilst our policy is not to take cash at the gate, we should have made an exception.'
Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker Julie McGoldrick to the floor, injuring her wrist, as they battled over the unit which had been reduced from £199 to £99 as part of the frenzied midnight sales event. He added: ‘I had to strategise.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year, experts told MailOnline . And by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers. 'High and very high pollen counts can trigger hayfever symptoms in people who have not had them before.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine, which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. The game pushed past 2am on Saturday on the East Coast .
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. With some zealous tugs, he eventually manages to free his head and get back on all fours.
But Van Gaal has been true to his word. United must mount a sustained challenge for the Premier League title and reach the later stages of the Champions League.
Scotland's Bradley Neil has received the backing of world No 1 Rory McIlroy as he ponders when to turn professional. Winning the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year secured Neil invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015, with the Walker Cup another important date on the calendar.
The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed. 'Nickel rides' have caused spinal injuries in the past and Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device . Gray was not belted in, said attorney Michael Davey, who represents at least one of the officers under investigation.
Conrad Clitheroe, from Stockport, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro - also from Greater Manchester. But the 54-year-old's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication - and claims guards 'don't care'. None of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from Dubai.
A former banker, 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
Sarah, 23, was devastated to find out the man she's always thought was her father is not her biological parent as she appeared on today's Jeremy Kyle Show . But Sarah and Phil wanted to have the DNA test to know for sure.
The 25-year-old was forced to abandon his Bentley, leaving it stranded until the waters receded and the car could be towed away. Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify. Hardy previously played for the Carolina Panthers but was dropped after allegations of domestic abuse emerged and was then signed by Dallas Cowboys and suspended for 10 games by the NFL . Hardy is seen talking to officials after his Bentley got stuck in flash floods in Dallas this week . A jury trial ultimately led to all charges being dropped.
Barcelona B winger Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to the player's agent . Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona in the last two years .
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool . Paul Scholes has advised Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue to develop . Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week for Liverpool . But he doesn’t score enough goals, not yet anyway. 'It's not about the money at all,' Sterling said.
The Manchester United (right) midfielder cites his reasons following a good spell at Athletic Bilbao . The 25-year-old took his tally to seven goals in all competitions this season with his double as United won 3-1 at home to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Cardiff's Conor McAleny (left) celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against Reading . Pavel Pogrebnyak celebrates scoring for Reading against Cardiff .
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. He was played by Kenneth Welsh in the 2004 movie 'Miracle,' about the USA’s improbable gold medal run in Lake Placid.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
"We saw the ISIS fighters, they just came into the house, they didn't say a word. "But we just didn't have the force to hold them off. Where is Baghdad? He claimed that 150,000 have fled, scoffing at statements from Iraqi officials in Baghdad that reinforcements have been sent to Ramadi.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his 47-year-old wife Amanda eight times after he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. Brighton Magistrates' Court heard that four months after attack, while on remand, O'Riordan wrote to his wife from jail asking her to 'get my things together' before for his trial .
Jamie Pettingill, who threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face, was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . Judge Davis decided against putting Pettingill behind bars, due to fears his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation. Pettingill's father, Trevor, was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders . The Pettingill family, led by matriarch Kathleen, inspired the 2010 Australian film Animal Kingdom, which explored the family's underworld connection.
They were not reunited with them until 10:30 . Seized: Officials seized six-year-old Dvora (left, far left) and 10-year-old Rafi (left, blue hat) on Sunday in a Maryland park. Their parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv are pictured, right, going to confront CPS officials . When questioned, the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range' approach to parenting, which encourages independence from infancy. In March, the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone.
Jason Puncheon scored a second-half free kick as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday . Palace chairman Steve Parish says Alan Pardew will have funds to improve the squad in the summer . Parish would, however, like investment in the club to carry out improvements at Selhurst Park .
by Jia Jiang . It doesn't matter where it comes from - no one likes being rejected and in each and every case there’s nothing we can do about it (picture posed by model) The problem was he inevitably encountered rejection, mainly from potential backers for his project (another iPhone app no one could possibly need or want). And so develops a surprisingly entertaining study of rejection in all its many manifestations.
Joel Burger, 24, and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King. The couple revealed they plan to serve drinks in personalized Burger King cups . Getting a ribbing: They have known each other since kindergarten but their friends are still teasing them .
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, studying English and philosophy, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus . He hopes to use is project to better understand writers such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson .
Aspiring model Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search . Tamblyn Models have started a fundraising campaign for their rising star . Over recent decades, the rate of childhood cancer survival has risen by six per cent, according to new Cancer Council figures.
‘If it was easy, you wouldn’t lose 3-1 at home to Monaco. Beat Arsenal and Leicester, on Wednesday, and he will clinch the title. Mourinho (right) and Wenger have had plenty of touchline battles during their managerial careers .
It may have been Bugs Bunny's favourite treat but an animal charity has warned that too many carrots are making the nation's pet rabbits fat. Experts have warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years with carots named as the worst culprits for bunny obesity . PDSA Pet Fit Club was launched in 2005 and has already helped 57 dogs, 24 cats and 3 rabbits lose a total of 295kg (46 stone 6lb).
Kim Kardashian is in Armenia with her husband Kanye West and their daughter North on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad's birth . Their minders say the timing has nothing to do with it, but the Kardashians' arrival comes as the nation counts down to the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on April 24 which honours up 1.5 million people were killed by the Ottomans between 1915 and 1917.
David Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of Eni Mevish, a 20-year-old student at Staffordshire University. Eni Mevish was killed by a sex offender who stabbed her in the lungs, liver and heart six months after she befriended him while out jogging . David Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed Eni, a 20-year-old student .
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016 .
TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris has today thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother, in her fight against leukaemia . The reality star was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant - after being diagnosed with leukaemia .
Cecily Strong, (center) the Saturday Night Live cast member and host of the White House Correspondents Dinner, skewered Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and Republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech . 'And what can I say about Brian Williams?” Strong asked.
In 1989, Brown was part of the Ibrox side which contested an Old Firm Scottish Cup final with two trophies already banked. Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of 'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit . I don' t think any of the officials do. 'It is impossible for the guy on the line to see it (Meekings' handball). 'But Rangers were bad that day.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader. 'I'm surprised MI5 are not getting involved.'
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. The Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe .
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis. They will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday.
Kim Roberts admitted to stealing the precious paintings, vases and silverware from Dowager Countess Bathurst’s Cirencester mansion and her London home. Roberts was told to prepare for a stretch in prison after she admitted stealing antiques and paintings from the Countess of Bathurst .
Now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of Ancient Egypt and other Bronze Age civilisations collapse. As each of these great societies were interconnected, the collapse of one also affected the others, creating a domino-like effect, claims Professor Eric Cline, director of the Capitol Archaeological Institute at George Washington University. Professor Cline sets out his arguments in his recent book '1177BC The Year Civilisation Collapsed'.
Hamza Parvez (left) standing next to Belgian fighter and close friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki have been living together in a house in Raqqa, Syria. Abu Mariya reportedly travelled to Syria last October, along with a group of up to 10 British nationals. A FInnish fighter, whose account was recently suspended, wrote about his frustration in the process of trying to find a wife.
The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made.' Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal as French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne. If diplomacy, fails, he said that the 'military option' would be considered as would additional sanctions.
Claims by the country's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. After the Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves describing it as 'shocking', the Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'. However the Trust has now acknowledged that the claim was based on the number of food parcels given out, and not the number of individuals asking for help.
JCNO jeans, popular at Nineties raves, are threatening to make a comeback . CAMOUFLAGE PRINT . NOW: 17-year-old reality star Kylie Jenner sported double denim out and about in Los Angeles earlier this month . CORSETS AS OUTFITS .
The network released a teaser video for  season 2 of the critically acclaimed show, and it looks intense. Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star in the new season, which premieres June 21.
A Spanish priest has stunned viewers and judges on a talent show with his remarkable rendition of Angels. But he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to 'make sense of life'.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe, and published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. Scroll down for the recipe . With 129,000 Instagram followers and the Hippie Lane app consistently sitting in the top three of 'most popular food and drink' apps on iTunes since its release in January, Gabrielian attributes all her  success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites.
Musically minded: Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes . After a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow.
The massive tech company is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks, and Google Maps has been at the center of a few, including a Pokemon Challenge and a treasure map.
Troublesome has been a regular visitor to Etali in the Madikwe Game Reserve for the past four years . Etali Safari Lodge's manager Kristoff Potgieter said efforts to deter him have fallen on deaf ears. 'However Troublesome is no ordinary elephant, he wandered around the pathways of the lodge looking for his gap, and keeping our staff and guests on their toes!
Everton midfielder James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him . Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park, a decision that brought boos from the crowd . McCarthy is confident youngster Barkley can deal with the complexities of his sometimes indifferent form .
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015 . Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . Now he was the one passing on the insight, as he strolled to the tee with British Amateur champion, Bradley Neil.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day, said Oregon City Police Sgt. No arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak's injury, according to the Portland Tribune.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
The Flash Pack's Lee Thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets this month in Sapa, Vietnam . A bike that's seen better days carrying pigs is not an unusual sight on the road to Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam, says Thompson .
Fraser Ross, who founded the company, is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport (LAX) to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship. Kitson, which has shops in California and the Far East, is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Lady Gaga and Kylie and Kendall Jenner, who have all been spotted with the brand's blue bags.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches . The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of Jeni's ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln, Nebraska. On Facebook, the company wrote that they are taking this precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there are no known illnesses linked to Jeni's products.
Almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan (right) as the club's new manager . Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking. So far the code has only been spotted in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire, where 'X' marks were daubed on several garden sheds.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an Asda supermarket in his Hereford constituency. West Mercia Police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983, which bans Election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip, the man's brother, Chris Wilson, told WWLP. Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch  as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. Local resident Nicole Lavirriere told the television station 'Mavis was a lot like my dog.'
Rodriguez (Colombia), Toni Kroos (Germany), Gareth Bale (Wales), Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal) and Luka Modric (Croatia, who has also recently returned to full fitness, form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side. There were contrasting results in Serie A for AC Milan and Inter on Saturday, while Juventus won again .
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia. She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight. Now a healthy 9.5st (right), she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression .
Alec Stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ECB over the  role of England cricket director . The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has come under fire following their title race capitulation . West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football .
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the  cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube, prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life.
Some allegedly have even been following the model to his hotel. Fan girl mania: English supermodel Stephen James whose famous for his tattoos has landed in Sydney .
He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient. The 30-year-old Russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called Werdnig-Hoffman disease. Canavero says the man volunteered. But he insists the first patients will be people who are suffering from a muscle wasting disease. Caplan also points out that if Canavero can do this, he should first be helping paralyzed patients by fixing their spinal cords, before transplanting whole bodies.
Mexican state oil company Pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze, which began early Wednesday morning.
Corey Edwards, five, has died five days after his final wish - to see his parents get married - was granted . Corey, who was born with a complex congenital heart defect, held the rings at the ceremony at his bedside in Bristol Children's Hospital . Sadly Corey died last night, five days after the ceremony.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Victoria's Secret caused huge a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' splashed across an image of skinny models. It coincides with the shortlist of their annual global Star in A Bra contest, where a 'real woman' wins the job of being its lingerie model.
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run after CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner .
It has been reported today that Katie Price still hasn't forgiven her cheating husband Kieran Hayler . Kieran famously cheated on Katie with not one, but two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014. She told OK! A kiss?
Novak Djokovic celebrates reaching the Miami Open semi-finals after his 7-5, 7-5 success over David Ferrer . The world No 1 is  likely to face Briton Andy Murray in the Miami final should he beat John Isner . John Isner celebrates after defeating Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in his quarter-final and will play Djokovic next . Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday. Serena Williams celebrates after beating Simona Halep 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in her semi-final match .
(CNN)Bring your own beaker, goblet or vase and slurp it up. In-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for Slurpee consumption, and cups must be sanitary.
With just over three weeks until polling day, 39 per cent of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for Labour, according to the pollsters ICM. The shock poll, published this afternoon, comes after the Tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million. However, a separate poll by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft had to two parties tied on 33 per cent.
Street attack: The shocking video was filmed after the elderly man knocked the woman's phone out of her hand, causing the screen to break . In the clip, the woman can be heard demanding that he pays her on the spot, despite his assurance that she will be compensated eventually.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text. Now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place by the school. No teacher has been sacked.
'Dreadful': Gardeners say the soil at their new site (pictured) is so poor they can't grow a bean. They are demanding the council pays out compensation for the problems at the plots in Failsworth, Oldham . Oldham council said relocation of the allotments to the new site was not due to be completed until May but growers say this will limit their growing season.
The soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to a increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers. Now, designer Eason Chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution - and found inspiration from the sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines. The pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost around £80 .
'Known unto God': The identities of the six soldiers - who were found buried in a farmer's field nearby - are unknown . The bodies of the six soldiers were discovered in a farmer's field in Comines-Warneton, near Le Touquet in Belgium, in 2008 and 2010. History: The cemetery started being used in November 1914, and now has more than 200 graves of Commonwealth soldiers .
I’m still struggling to work out why Krul did what he did. Newcastle keeper Tim Krul  congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time .
Real Madrid ace Gareth Bale treated himself to a Sunday evening BBQ after his earlier exploits had helped Los Blancos on their way to a sensational victory. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada on Sunday to help Real Madrid to a thumping 9-1 win at the Bernabeu .
But Murray, who has scored four goals for Palace in 364 minutes this season, betters them all.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has hailed the victims of the massacre at a Kenyan university earlier this week as martyrs during his Easter Sunday sermon. Earlier today, thousands of worshippers braved thunder and rain to see Pope Francis lead Easter Sunday Mass in St. Peter's Square, the Vatican this morning. Afterwards, Pope Francis delivered a mostly sombre and grim 'Urbi et Orbi' (to the city and the world) message, where he prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians, commemorating the students massacred by Islamist militants at Garissa University in Kenya. The pontiff also made a nod to the recent deal reached in Switzerland last week between Iran and the international community on a framework for a nuclear accord.
Henry Rogers, 22, hit 18st at his heaviest, left, but went on an intense two-year diet, including going vegan for a year, and now he's a sought-after model, right . Jamie and Henry think it is a 'masculine thing'. The pair are getting set to promote healthy male body image in a photoshoot with Attitude/Ateen  coming out in June.
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool last weekend at the Emirates . Bellerin has emerged as a star player after filling in for the injured Mathieu Debuchy at right back this season . There was a bit of banter and he is trying to beat me now.'
– to go past Ian Botham’s England record of 383. Anderson trains ahead of the first Test in Antigua on Monday, which will be his 100th for England . It took Lancashire coach Mike Watkinson – once a swing bowler himself – to reacquaint him with some fundamental truths about the art. Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game when on England duty .
Self-absorbed: Thomas Hoey Jr., 43 (left) was sentenced to 12.5 years prison Wednesday after refusing to help, Kimberly Calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol, during a sex party at Midtown hotel The Kitano in January 2009 . Hoey coerced Zobkiw to lie about what happened to a grand jury. Castel said Hoey had used his supplies of cocaine to 'social and sexual favors' between 2005 and 2010. collapsed and began 'frothing at the mouth' that night after consuming .
The legendary physicist was speaking at the Sydney Opera House as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK, when the question was put to him. 'And in that universe, Zayn is still in One Direction.'
Gibraltar could be the new home of Britain's nuclear submarines if the SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident. A senior military source told the Sunday Express that Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the Clyde. Moving the nation's nuclear deterrent to Gibraltar (pictured) could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported .
Arsene Wenger insists his woeful record against Jose Mourinho will have no bearing on Arsenal's top-of-the-table clash with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Sunday's game marks the return of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas, who will be wearing Chelsea blue at the Emirates for the first time. Wenger is without Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Mikel Arteta on Sunday, while Per Mertesacker is rated as '50-50' by his manager having not trained at all this week.
But the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. The RV Flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface. After 20 minutes, the RV FLIP is safely positioned at 90 degrees allowing the researchers to begin their various experiments .
The chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship, Warwick Crown Court was told. But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, Malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
No one is sure, but the headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week, just a couple of days after she announced her run for the White House.
Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. A North Charleston Police report included brief statements from eight police officers, but not Slager.
MAN OF THE MATCH: . Philippe Coutinho . Coutinho's shot finds the corner to decide the game at Ewood Park after a lack of clear-cut chances .
Warning: The United States has deployed the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt (pictured) off the coast of Yemen in response to the worsening security situation in the country . Keeping watch: The US fleet is keeping an eye on eight Iranian cargo vessels suspected of carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels in Yemen . Three resupply ships are in the area to support combat vessels.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. Davis tells WTOC that doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position. But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care. Three years had been wiped from his memory for good.
Iona Costello, 51 (left) and her 14-year-old daughter Emily (right) have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Mrs Costello, who was her late husband George's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter, had been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. The mother had told workers at her farm that she would be 'back on Tuesday' but did not return on March 31st, April 7th or April 14th. Relative Jane Costello said that calls to both Iona's and Emily's phones go straight to voicemail.
The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season.
Indianara Carvalho, 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to 'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ‘someone special' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Scroll down for video . Please respect things related to God!'
Hina Shamim was killed after she was knocked down as she walked a short distance from home to the library . The 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody today. The 21-year-old, originally from Peterborough, was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday in just a week .
Clinton, 67, has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. Now Clinton's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors in New York and beyond.
Film themes have been used to brand the Champions League semi-final between Real Madrid and Juventus . Benfica and Porto meet in a top of the table clash in Portugal (left) Pavel Nedvedis looking forward to Real .
The business proposal states: 'Mr Blair, with his extensive on-the-job experience and politician instincts, will personally lead this project. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen today called for curbs on former Prime Minister's working for other governments. But Mr Blair's office rejected the claims, and insisted the details of the work had been released in a press statement in 2013.
(CNN)Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return in 2016.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12. Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. The Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and  ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. At that point, he noticed the weapon beneath Raymond's body and threw it into a nearby drainage tunnel. Sharifi was charged with fabricating or tampering with evidence, theft of a firearm and making a firearm accessible to a child. On social media, he also indicated that the boy had left him a note before taking his life . The school district said on Monday it has found no evidence he had reported the bullying .
Video footage has emerged which appears to show Manchester City supporters singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford. Apparently taken by a City fan, it then appears to capture City supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including Manchester United players. Among those killed was former City goalkeeper Frank Swift (centre) who was on board as a journalist .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger upset Jardim by refusing to shake hands during Champions League exit . Jardim said: ‘Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color . He learned that the dress was about to be thrown away and negotiated a deal to buy it for $20.
Margaret and Gary Mazan from Bradford, West Yorkshire, had their 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors after the animals were discovered in filthy cages in a garden shed. Sentenced: Margaret (left) and Gary Mazan (right) were jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets, which they cannot appeal for 25 years .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters in Augusta . The 25-year-old looked in good spirits on Wednesday when he was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan and shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest.
(CNN)A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," federal prosecutors said Monday. The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday. They plotted for 10 months, Luger said.
Sir Frank Kitson, who is 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles. Yesterday however, Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time. Mr Heenan, 47, was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus carrying him and 14 others to a Belfast building site.
The 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week as Sister Ruth. Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace during her stint on the soap .
According to new research conducted by Colgate, Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year over the holiday period. The $5.90 bunny is for sale in a number of flavours, including mint and orange. Edible Blooms have provided for those who want to deliver the gift of chocolate for Easter - creating a  topiary tree made up of 85 solid chocolatier eggs.
The real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February. Audacious plot: A seven-metre deep tunnel, which led to a 50m-long underground passage, was discovered by police when they raided the gang's property - across the road from Guanghui Temple . Raided by police: Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three of the gang are now on the run .
A newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous Muppet. You can see its internal organs from underneath.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent . He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries. Price said told the Times he was motivated to make the radical change after reading a study about how much pay raises increase happiness for people making less than $70,000 a year.
Big Brother star Pete Bennett, who won the TV programme in 2006, has revealed he is now homeless. The star is now trying to get his life back together and is attempting to make his name as an actor.
Anna and Indi, owned by 32-year-old Zane Jones, have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . Indi, who won a runners-up medal at a competition, has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five' The dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing in Queensland, Australia .
Many Clouds, ridden by Leighton Aspell, jumps a fence on the way to winning the Grand National at Aintree . AP McCoy on Shutthefrontdoor (left) congratulates Aspell after Many Clouds' victory on Saturday . Aspell said: ‘He is as good in defeat as he is when he is winning.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this  August with a human mud foosball tournament. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. 'We're very proud of the church for doing what's right for all involved. And we certainly consider this a huge step for animal welfare.'
(CNN)This weekend, millions of people are expected to tune in to watch two men beat each other up. Why is this? So why am I watching? A fight was drama sweated down to the bones -- a metaphor for the whole human condition, with everything noble and ugly on display.
St Mirren may be at the bottom of the Premiership table and still four points from even a play-off spot but, on this showing, they aren’t out of it yet. Celtic's James Forrest (left) tussles for the ball with St Mirren's Jeroen Tesselaar (right) on Friday night . Celtic midfielder Johansen slots home from the penalty spot to secure his side's 2-0 victory at St Mirren .
Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round with The Masters a week away . Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week . Mickelson has struggled for form this year and carded an 82 at the Waste Management Open .
Triple tragedy: Archie Brown Jr (pictured) struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening. The driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived. Before officers could show up, someone opened fire - shooting the driver in the head. However a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death .
The Liberal Democrats have admitted they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power. Mr Clegg today admitted that his party was fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats.
Van Gaal is preparing his side for Saturday's  clash against Aston Villa as they bid to finish in the top four . How the Premier League table looks ahead of April 4 . Then, a week on Sunday, the two Manchester teams meet. Juan Mata (left) scored twice as United won 2-1 at top four rivals Liverpool in the league on March 22 .
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors after feeling homesick . Tomkins joined the Warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, in Coventry. The mother-of-five shared a picture of her son in hospital last week and said he had been tormented for months by a gang. He is now recovering from the ordeal .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will persist with struggling midfield trio Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar as he refuses to shuffle his squad so late in the season. Oscar was withdrawn at half time but his manager insisted he was not struggling and will bounce back .
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors, a Qantas spokesman said. 'Engineers are inspecting the aircraft.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne. Anyone with any information about either of the stabbings should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Xavi, for his part, has options with Qatar's Al Sadd but is discussing staying with Barcelona until their transfer embargo is lifted next January. Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson as they look to keep the England international at Anfield. Javier Hernandez is poised to turn down overtures from Orlando City to stay in Europe. Crystal Palace and West Ham are maintaining interest in Sevilla midfielder Stephane Mbia .
Britain's most famous pools winner who pledged to 'spend, spend, spend' after winning more than £150,000 has died. Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband Keith. Mrs Nicholson (above) and her husband splurged the cash - worth about £5million today - on expensive cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying - frittering away at least half of their wealth within four years of winning .
The first was wartime Naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox, who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. And the current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28 . The controversial cartoon depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam . The editor of the paper, Dave Nelson, defended the decision in an op-ed.
The Labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. It read: ‘Happy warrior, calm, never agitated.’ Last night, Labour sources suggested that was a reference to the poem The Character Of The Happy Warrior by William Wordsworth. He wrote ‘me versus DC’, followed by ‘decency, principle and values’.
Richard and Angela Maxwell from Lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest British winners of Euromillions . Mrs Maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an April Fools' Day joke on her when he told her . They have reportedly split after the win .
Ian Joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach, but survived the incident to make it home to Gravesend . Ten minutes earlier Mrs Joll had received a telegram telling her that her son, Squadron Leader Joll, was 'missing believed killed' after he crash-landed his plane on a Dutch beach during a strafing attack on a German aircraft in 1940. However Sq Ldr Joll had survived the crash and after trekking miles along a beach and persuading a ship to take him back to England, he had dropped in on his parents to say hello.
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered a pensioner's life savings, blowing £28,500 on shopping sprees and lavish meals out . During that time, he applied for credit cards in her name and also ran up huge debts. A judge at Birmingham Crown Court (pictured) said Donohoe abused the woman's trust 'in every conceivable way'. The builder has now been jailed for 21 months, after admitting theft and fraud .
The best predictor of its future behavior is its past behavior -- between 2004 and 2009, the Iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named Fordo under a mountain deep in the Iranian desert. The framework we have before us keeps Iran's nuclear door well and truly open.
After West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week, manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
18-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio . Phelps will be competing in Mesa for the first time since the Pan Pacific Championships last August.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the Highlands.
Blamed initially on 'engine . failure', it emerged on Tuesday that a government jet carrying . Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being . Friday. in the report by Serbia's Civil Aviation Directorate .
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month. The video, shared by The New York Times on Monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, referring to him as a 'disgrace'. Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket, draped in an American flag, was led in, accompanied by his distraught mother. The family had a police escort to the funeral. Judy Scott, Walter's mother, was among the hundreds of mourners at the service today, arriving with other family members in a fleet of black limousines to the service for Scott, 50, who was a father of four. senator Tim Scott (R-SC), Congressman Jim Clyburn (D-SC), state senator Marlon Kimpson, Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon, and Elder James Johnson of the National Action Network all attended. At the time he was stopped, Scott owed some $18,000 in child support payments, which family said may have been why he tried to run from Slager.
In the two videos, Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana,  northwest of Tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle. He points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. He was eventually booked into jail two days later. Despite Valencia's injuries and the harrowing footage of the crash, Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended Rapiejko's actions, declaring they likely saved the armed suspect's life. There, he had apparently threatened suicide, before firing the gun and fleeing. Controversy: The release of the dashcam videos comes as police across America remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling African-American suspects.
Yaya Toure's agent has called Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' and criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. But agent Dimitri Seluk has claimed the club are trying to make Toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes.
The shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010, was just a 'jokey note'. Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! But Mr Ball insisted the note admitting that Labour had blown the nation's finances should not be taken seriously.
The phone, which belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne, was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page. The phone belonged to Bella Crooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party on Saturday night .
Light sentence: Mark West, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . Mark Steven West, 32, who is married with a child, was sentenced Tuesday to four months in jail followed by eight years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship while working at Spring High School in Spring, Texas. 'We're talking about a razor thin margin of three weeks between what separates a felony crime from a poor decision to have an inappropriate extramarital affair.' West apologized to the court, saying he made 'bad decisions made on impulses' and was being 'selfish'.
'He didn't have heart problems' Angus Hawley's brother reveals shock after ex-husband of Antonia Kidman dies from a suspected heart attack in New York after 'returning from a swim'. Mr Hawley was a father to four children, Lucia, 16, Hamish, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, eight, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia before their 2007 split. Family tragedy: Mr Hawley's death comes less than seven months after the sudden passing of Nicole and Antonia's father Dr. Antony, who also suffered a heart attack, in Singapore .
A former Democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on Friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack. Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
Officers tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns, police said. The car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the South of Market neighborhood. The three men who were in it were still at large as of Friday night.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by a series of TV debates opposing austerity cuts, despite threatening another referendum on independence. It comes on the day that Mr Miliband used Labour's manifesto launch to insist he is 'ready' to be Prime Minister. 55 and over.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico, when he made the chilling remark around a week ago. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher, ABC7 reported.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday, setting a decisive new world record. Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya, scheduled to begin service in 2027.
Greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose. And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year. Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers. But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support  through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker.'
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend, according to a Tuesday article from The Hollywood Reporter. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night . The strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour. But in 1982 Americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour.
And grow old with husband like we had planned' Louisa Steckenreuter is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family . However the drawback is the medication costs $6000 a month, and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme.
Under attack: Czech President Milos Zeman was criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow, despite the crisis in Ukraine .
Adam Rushton took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, to have sex with women, Birmingham Crown Court heard. During the trial, he said he never expected to end up in the dock after going to one woman's home and having oral sex. ‘It's not very professional, I fully accept that, and that it's wrong,’ Rushton told jurors.
Princess with prizes: Charlene allows herself a chuckle as she hands the award to Novak Djokovic . Although the main ceremony took place in Shanghai, Charlene's star turn took place in Monte Carlo instead, with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars. Among the big names celebrating with Djokovic, albeit from a distance, were actors Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill and model Karolina Kurkova.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the Professional Footballers' Association Premier League team of the year. Tottenham forward Harry Kane - tipped to be crowned young player of the year at London's Grosvenor Hotel later on Sunday - was the only English attacking player, chosen up front alongside Chelsea's 19-goal striker Diego Costa. GOALKEEPER - David de Gea (Manchester United) Appearances: 33 . This is the third straight season that Hazard has been named in the PFA Team of the Year.
Ms McKenzie said she wasn't able to buy the $2,000 dress outright so she organised a payment plan with ‘The Bridal Centre’. Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with weddings only weeks away. Ms McKenzie said the group called ‘Where’s My Dress?’ became inundated with ‘generous offers’ from ‘lovely ladies’ and ‘amazing bridal companies’ who offered them free ‘pre-loved’, and even brand new, wedding gowns. Amid the devastation, the brides-to-be banded together to create a Facebook page that would allow them to 'connect' and 'support each other' through the confusing time. ‘[It] is just disgraceful.
During World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways. For Gusky, the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago.
The daughter of Chicago socialite Sheila Von Wiese-Mack accused of brutally murdering her mother during a Bali vacation will turn over a 'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her newborn daughter. Mack filed a claim in court back in February that her uncle, Wiese-Mack's brother and trustee of her estate, had blocked her access to the funds, according to NBC. Indonesian officials accused Mack of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, murder her mother at a luxury Bali hotel before stuffing her body in a suitcase last August. Mack and Schaefer were arrested the following day at another Bali hotel.
Toby Alderweireld has been in superb form this season at Southampton since joining on loan from Atletico . The Belgian defender tackles Stephen Quinn, and says he is ignoring rumours about going back to Spain . 'We were hoping to do the same in the second, but goals change games, big decisions in games. Alderweireld is focused on European qualification, and Saints took another step towards that goal against Hull .
Their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells. When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample. Diseased cells often produce molecules that makes them stand out from healthy tissue and so can be detected by antibodies. This is then inserted into a module that can be clipped onto the camera of a smartphone. The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests. The researchers say each test costs around £1.20 ($1.80). They also used it to detect infection with human papilloma virus, which is thought to cause the cancer.
Lorenzo Simon, (left) who killed Michael Spalding (right) before stuffing the body in a suitcase and throwing it into a canal, has been jailed for a minimum of 19 years . Michelle Bird (pictured) was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years .
Shannon Carter, 21 (pictured) has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking Amelia Gledhill, 20, (pictured right) with a stiletto during a night out. She was also left with bruises, a permanent scar and with blurred vision in her right eye. Carter, from East Bowling, Bradford, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
Burgess, who is joining Sydney Roosters at the end of the year, scored three of the Warriors' seven tries in a 40-22 victory - their first Super League success in West Yorkshire for 18 months - to help his side climb above St Helens into second place in the table, at least for 24 hours.
In a statement on the official club website, Toulon said that 27-year-old Cooper had agreed a two-year deal and will move to France this summer. Earlier this week, the Australian Rugby Union announced a major change to its Test squad selection policy five months before the World Cup.
Eight per cent of British Muslims said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John, pictured . The pollsters asked Muslims and non-Muslims about whether they felt Islam was 'compatible' with British values and the British way of life.
The Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. 'Kim Kardashian's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church,' Shirvanian said, slightly perplexed by all the commotion. Afterwards, the family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant.
Atlanta (CNN)Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley, a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN's "The Hunt." Her trial is scheduled to start next month. "We love Mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back in the US.
Filkins was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home . A construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw Filkins outside with items from the home, and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away. Police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them .
Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league . NEWCASTLE . BURNLEY . That win elevated Nigel Pearson's (right) side off the bottom of the table and into 18th in the Premier League . ‘For me, we need four points from five games.
One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National . Horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying McIlroy's clubs on the  course .
Haj Slima Moustafa was also taken into custody after the yacht - filled with Syrian and Palestinian migrants who paid $8,500 each for the journey - called for help as it approached the coast . Sabaj Ahmmed was the third member of the alleged crew attempting to bring the migrants, including 23 children, to Europe . It was a cemetery.
Steven Gerrard looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington after being knocked out of the FA Cup on Sunday - and his Liverpool farewell tour is unlikely to have him breaking into a grin either. Towards the end of that run, a trip to champions-elect Chelsea beckons and then Gerrard is set to play his final game in England at the Britannia Stadium against Stoke City on May 24, a dead-rubber that is unlikely to even be shown on television.
James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon. Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'. After the video began to spread via social media, Dwight Howard of the Houston Rockets issued a response .
Rinko Kikuchi as Takako Konishi in the new film Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter, which tells the story of how the young Japanese woman went searching for a suitcase of cash which had been buried in the film Fargo . What is certain is that Takako's body was found by a hunter in some woodland near Detroit Lakes, a town in Minnesota some 50 miles east of the real town of Fargo, in the neighbouring state of North Dakota, in November 2001. But she didn't die in search of the cash buried in front of a roadside fence under the snow by Steve Buscemi's character in the 1996 Coen brothers film. He said: 'Takako came to Tokyo from the country.
Firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free a pet cat who became stuck upside down in between a tiny gap in two garages. Firefighters were then called and they were forced to chisel through the wall in order to free Marv, who was stuck . He was eventually reunited with his owner's daughters Tilly and Bella and luckily he was uninjured .
Tom Boyd believes Jason Denayer’s loan spell at Celtic has been so successful that he is now ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season. Young defender Jason Denayer (left) has impressed on loan at Celtic this season . Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson to shore up their defence .
A Kansas man was sentenced Monday to four years and two months in prison for beheading another man with a guitar string after a plea deal that prosecutors said they accepted because of problems with the case. James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety, but pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter. A former girlfriend testified a year ago that Harris told her he shot Gerety in the stomach, tortured him for two days, then cut off his head.
Paris Saint-Germain will be without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti against Barcelona . The Ligue 1 Champions will also have to cope without the injured David Luiz against the La Liga giants . Brazilian right back Dani Alves is suspended for the Champions League clash with the Ligue 1 outfit .
The description for the unsettling video - uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung – claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The video has been the subject of heated online debates over the species of the animal, with some users claiming it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear .
It is the oldest cave decorated by man – and the best preserved, but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe. Specialists used 3D modelling and anamorphic techniques, the latter of which is used to shoot widescreen images. The new cave also includes replica paw prints of  bears, bones and details preserved in the original cave.
How the drought affects rest of the nation . But being able to blame climate change for a specific extreme weather event shouldn't be the only thing to spur action on reducing greenhouse gases. That big picture is what should motivate us.
Look of love: Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in Astoria, Queens, on last night's episode of Married at First Sight . New life together: Jaclyn packed up her wardrobe as she prepared to move in with Ryan .
As a part of Sky Living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, The Enfield Haunting, real London estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video.
We will never give up.’ Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title . Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City .
A wicked mistake in the men's college hockey title game on Saturday by Boston University's goalie allowed Providence to tie in the third period and paved the way for the Friars to win their first title. O’Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie. It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all. 'They deserve to be hoisting the national championship right now.'
Stephanie Scott, an English and drama teacher, was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. Ms Scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter, as they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'. Wednesday 8.37am: Ms Scott's sister Kim, who fears her car may have rolled of the road, asks public to help search along roads in the area . Her sister Kim Scott said she spent the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti. Family have also begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding.
The podium girl is the centre of a 'sexism storm' after Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she wasn't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers . The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013 and has become close with his children .
Scroll down for video . Among the cardboard placards held up are the words: 'Why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding?' The project was started by Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, who met while working as interns at an advertising agency.
The Brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of Hollywood's blockbuster moving 'The Avengers: Age of Ultron'. Swimwear and t-shirts have been very popular, the release of their new line caused the website to crash . Some of the men's items sold out in minutes when launched this week, including the rainmaker t-shirts pictured here . Fans of the series are buying up big hoping to wear the outfits at early screenings . The most expensive items are the Iron Man and Thor themed dresses at $100.
Anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the Earth's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change. The gases - desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane - are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. 'The building can be replaced,' Schreibvogel told KXII, 'the equipment can be replaced, but Michael Jackson's alligators cannot be replaced.'
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover . Speaking ahead of the replay at Blackburn, Rodgers would not go so far as to say the FA Cup could save this campaign for Liverpool. Nevertheless, an FA Cup final would be more than useful, for all kinds of reasons.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
'Kim Kardashian's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church,' Shirvanian said, slightly perplexed by all the commotion. Baptised: North was christened in Jerusalem's Old City at the Armenian church St James Cathedral . that Khloe, who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans, is North's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather (while uncommon, it is an option where there isn't one). The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour.
The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Belated apology: As he was being led out of the courtroom, Luna told reporters he was 'sorry' Reckless: Luna's defense lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare Lane when he shot at him from a moving car . Satisfied: Donna Lane, left, the victim's mother, was pleased with the verdict, saying in reference to Luna that the 'naughty boy' will never hurt another family again .
Former English teacher Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, pleaded guilty on Tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys she was supposed to be teaching . The teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other .
Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash. Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare holds off a defender during his side's Europa League game last week .
Wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, California, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning as he drove home from work . Burton had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes, who lost limbs in the   2013 marathon, today opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker, urging others to 'overcome the impulse for vengeance.' The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast. His seven-year-old sister, Jane, lost a leg. This week, after finding Tsaernaev guilty on all 30 counts related to the April 15, 2013, attack, a jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole. They call their position 'intensely emotional and profoundly practical.'
Carol Chandler at Southwark Crown Court to answer charges of historic sexual abuse . She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
(CNN)The racist and offensive emails that resulted in three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. Police Capt. The city's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired in connection with the emails, officials said.
Now, after a half year of unrest, and with citizens on Tuesday electing two new black city council members, change is beginning to come to Ferguson. It's not that Ferguson is so different than towns across America. And Ferguson's example should provoke self-examination in working class suburbs across the country, where the power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
The SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru to ensure Mr Miliband did not impose any more cuts. The Scottish First Minister said the SNP would never form an alliance with the Conservative Party but could support Labour .
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Clinton starts the second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of 'everyday' Americans on the heels of a news report showing she makes more money for an hour's worth of work than the country's top CEOs.
LeBron James dealt his former team Miami's play-off hopes a major blow as he scored 23 points in the Cavaliers' win over the Heat on Thursday. Dwayne Wade (left) hobbled off with a knee injury in a further blow to the Heat's play-off chances . James Harden (left) scored 24 points to help the Houston Rockets defeat Texan rivals the Dallas Mavericks .
Eloise Parry, known as Ella,  died after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as DNP . Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. Her mother Fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final in Nyon, Switzerland. Jay da silva left back better player than any current prem left back.' In a later tweet, Wright also tipped Dasilva's team-mates Tammy Abraham, Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett to enjoy bright futures in the game.
If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of the 17 capital counts, the trial will proceed to a second phase, the so-called penalty phase.
Hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs . Hibs would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules . Hearts and Motherwell agree.’
John Hinckley Jr. (above) has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting . This was revealed by his brother Scott (above) during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan . Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia (above) Scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as 'somewhat compatible,' though he admitted he had not met the woman.
Indonesia's attorney-general has claimed that Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals. The pair are currently being held in isolation on Nusakambangan prison island (above) where foreign drug dealers were executed on January 18 this year and where the two Australians may be shot dead by firing squads on the same night as nine other drug dealers .
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. Joseph Manyang, the father of the Bol and twins Madit and Anger, said Ms Guode - a mother of seven -  adored her children. Mr Manyang further said that he believes Ms Guode is innocent.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said. During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina. Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said Castro 'lived a full life of exemplary service to Arizona and its people.' Castro is survived by his wife, Pat  and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro, according to AZ Central.
Pet cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across Asia - to feed the booming appetite for their meat in Vietnam. Restaurants serving domestic cats – sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger' – are springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals. Although eating cat meat is illegal, police officers and lawyers are among Vietnam's biggest customers.
Luxury ski company Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in Verbier (stock image) The live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests’ personal tastes and cost £1,700 to hire. The horse and carriage wasn’t cheap either – that drained the customer’s account of £20,000.
'Absolutely unacceptable': Regulator Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's 'repeated failings' on billing rules after the company incorrectly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers . May 2014: E.ON agrees to pay £12million to vulnerable customers for mis-selling.
She was pictured tonight with the likes of model Daisy Lowe, designer Kelly Hoppen and Bafta chief executive Amanda Berry. Alternative angles: Her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the fashion show .
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago . The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand .
Two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East from Turkey. Two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey. Officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to Australia. It would also cover criminal activity such as drug trafficking.
The Canadian star, who has suffered four defeats in her past six matches as the world No 7 struggles to regain form on the WTA tour, has previous having refused to shake hands with Slovak Kristina Kucova at a Fed Cup press conference last year.
Carroll, who is on loan from Tottenham, was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic last Friday. He scored the only goal as England triumphed in Prague.
Cristiano Ronaldo shows his delight after Real Madrid finally broke the deadlock against rivals Atletico . After completing his warm-up routine Ronaldo went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt . Ronaldo's training shirt can be seen scrunched up in the hands of the star-struck supporter on the sideline .
Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation-threatened Burnley similar to that displayed by his Wigan team in surviving against the odds in the Premier League. But Martinez insists there will be no easing up as they look to build on seven points from their last three matches.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ‘significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response.’ Edward Fride (pictured), the pastor at Christ the King church in Ann Arbor, has told parishioners to carry guns.
Mr Moon, pictured with wife Janice, had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington, according to a lawsuit filed in Lewis County Superior Court . Sadly the discovery was even more upsetting for the family as Mr Moon had always been scared of cremation.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' after a fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici handed them a 2-1 extra-time victory and a place in the FA Cup final. Wenger's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against Reading at Wembley . Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time . 'The final is a 50-50 (game).
In the affidavit, Timothy S. Pappa, an FBI agent, claims that Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a U.S. government employee.' Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government. What's more, the affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance.
Sam Holtz (above) beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday . This as he selected Duke (above) to win the NCAA title game, which they did by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63 . Sam should now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November, but is too young . 'Just pick the team that you like and pick whoever you want,' he said.
SATURDAY . Queens Park Rangers vs Chelsea (1.30pm) Manchester United vs Manchester City (4pm) MONDAY . Liverpool vs Newcastle United (8pm)
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California, with injuries to its ears and stomach. Horrifying: It is believed the animal, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home .
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage. The cage was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the 10-year-old autistic boy. ACT Education MInister Joy Burch (pictured) said it is a horrifying situation . Shadow Education Minister Kate Ellis said the mistreatment of students with a disability was 'shocking and deeply disturbing'.
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents after FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men. Liverpool club secretary Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons following 20 years at Wigan, having never settled into the role at the bigger club.
Blunder: Charity runners taking part in yesterday's Bournemouth Bay 10K Run (pictured) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . It was reported that some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as 'shambolic'.
The Matt Hampson foundation's event was on Wednesday, named after the former England U21 prop (left) Andy Goode tweeted: 'Bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he's too tired, poor culture & no trust' A host of rugby stars attended the event for former England U21 prop Hampson but Christian Wade did not .
The England international has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week. Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him for contract stand-off with Liverpool .
Real Madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving in the penalty area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano, and hope to have his suspension revoked. The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday . We will appeal.'
Saskia, 17, whose username is @saskiaisabxlla, posted excerpts of the exam on Monday with the message ‘Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam.’ For Saskia (surname withheld), the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent.
Today, in the third part of our major Good Health series on dementia, we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems, to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible. It is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older - in fact we need just as much, the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep. But there are steps that can make it easier. One of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . The Mediterranean type of diet may be most beneficial as it's been shown to maintain the health of the blood vessels, and keeping a healthy circulation is key for people with dementia as it ensures a healthy flow of blood to the brain. Asking the person with dementia to reminisce and recall stories about the people or events shown in the pictures can also be a good way to 'use it'.
Chris Ball made made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life . Although Chris had been suffering from depression for the past two and a half years and had spent two weeks in the hospital during that time after making an attempt on his life, Kerrie said it was the worst state that she had seen her son in. Kerrie, who works for the health department as an aged care nurse, has started a petition to call on the government to urgently implement emergency suicide training in hospitals and dedicate more beds to suicidal youths in hospitals.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected Clark Elmore’s claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial. Elmore, who was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child, received the federal court's ruling on Wednesday.
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having 'no pizzazz.' A Bates spokesman said in a statement that 'the college strongly disagrees with the allegations' and will defend itself in court.
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 . The kit has instructions on how to take a sample of saliva and send it back to a central lab for processing. Color Genomics is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations required in New York, Maryland, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania and Florida.
Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when he was released on bail. First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating Ms Dirksz at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage, WA Today reports. Acting Police Commissioner Steve Brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer. The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17, 2015.
A stunning new series of photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book. The new  photographs were taken by Gisèle Freund, a German-born French photographer, who had travelled to Mexico in 1950. Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs Photographs by Gisèle Freund Texts by Gérard de Cortanze, Gisèle Freund, and Lorraine Audric Published by Abrams .
On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement. Back track: Robert Kennedy Jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims . Incendiary comment: He made the comment last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism, despite medical evidence to the contrary .
Called Extra Storage Space, the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment. Do what works for you and don't get on the internet - because you can Google anything and everyone has a different opinion. Get on a schedule!
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Hollywood star Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed . Women who carry a mutated version of BRCA1 or another gene known as BRCA2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent.
Daniel Sturridge's status as Liverpool’s No 1 striker is under threat after Brendan Rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can “play every week”. Sturridge has also endured a nightmare campaign. Liverpool boss Rodgers is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings (left) and PSV's Memphis Depay (right) Belgium striker Divock Origi, pictured during his loan spell at Lille, will return to Liverpool in the summer .
Prescott City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. Prescott, Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini (left) claims that the lone surviving Granite Mountain Hotshot Brendan McDonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over the move, which would prove deadly . Former Prescott Fire Division Chief Darrell Willis, seen here speaking during a memorial service honoring the 19 fallen firefighters, says McDonough came to him to get something 'off his shoulders.'
Gareth Bale is adamant that he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite strong interest from Manchester United . Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has still bee criticised by supporters . Real Madrid have also privately declared their interest in making David de Gea the long-term successor to Iker Casillas, just as he is expected to be in the Spain side. Bale's desire to stay in Spain will keep him at Madrid.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, but was banned from swimming in September . Having served his six month suspension the American will return to the pool in Arizona next week .
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces. It said during the operation, rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured.
An artist's illustration shows the symbolic red poppy design on the new $2 coin to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing by the Anzacs . One and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks . The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mint’s Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program .
Stuart Broad (right) was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua . The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball . Broad’s batting woes must not affect his bowling as England need him at his best.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video. The more aggressive of the two (right) chases his rival out of the tree and along a concrete wall .
Inside the first minute of Juve's Champions League quarter-final second-leg against Monaco on Wednesday night, the 30-year-old centre-half committed a deliberate handball after slipping onto the turf. Giorgio Chiellini scrambles to recover the loose ball after slipping on the turf against Monaco on Wednesday .
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock (played by Charlie Cox), who was blinded as a child, as he fights injustice by day using the law.
Fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. While the drinks are said to have health benefits, some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. The Local Government Association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of ‘dragging their heels’ when it comes to minimising sugar in their products.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps . The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees.
This £150,000 Lamborghini Gallardo has just crashed into a tree, careered into the middle of the road and smashed a concrete bollard to smithereens. ‘The kids were very, very scared but when the driver got out he was laughing and after a while started to boast that he would “just go out and buy another one tomorrow”.’ Martin Johnson said he was walking his granddaughter Charly Pennett home when the wheel flew past . Onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would buy another .
Nancy Perry, left, won't teach again at Dublin Middle School in Georgia after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of President Barack Obama and parent Jimmie Scott complained . Instead of discussing Nancy Perry's classroom comments, Scott says that she and her husband showed him what he described as internet propaganda. Superintendent Ledbetter said Perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior.
Rose McGrath, pictured here with her mother, Barbara McGrath, was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. 'It sounds like they're not going to pass her anyway, even if she goes back,' Barbara McGrath said of her 7th-grade daughter, who is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012. It adds that the 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13, but Barbara McGrath says that doesn't include 'numerous' partial days. Though St Joseph as invited her back, she is now attending a public middle school in the Battle Creek area .
Speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg, the former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform and has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Scroll down for video . And so far she has had little competition from 'real' celebrities.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation. George Boyd (21) celebrates after scoring the winner against Manchester City at Turf Moor . 'We will be playing hard in every game to get the points we need to be in the Premier League.
The bodies of two people have been discovered amid wreckage after a small aircraft was reported missing around 30 miles east of Oban this afternoon .
‘He said we couldn't be there and told me to use the disabled toilet if I wanted to breastfeed in the hotel.' In Australia, women have a right to breastfeed in public. Under the federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984 it's illegal to discriminate against a person or deny services, directly or indirectly, on the grounds of breastfeeding.
An Australian businesswoman has come out on top against the world's 13th richest billionaire after stopping BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar' exclusively. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH), which is run by luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arnault. The case between Ms Noonan and BeneFit was heard in the Australian Trade Marks Office earlier this year in February and ruled in the Queensland woman's favour.
As a final option, she picks up a wooden spoon, adding: 'My mum uses this for cooking.' The actor jokes: 'And you're going to beat me with it? That's what my mother used to say to me!'
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas. The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars – but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to. McCubberry told Daily Mail Australia they designed the idea after meeting on a fishing trip 25 years ago.
Manchester United will offer Robin van Persie £5million to quit the club this summer. The 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford, but United officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus — agreed when he signed from Arsenal in 2012 — to free up wages for another striker. The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still managed 10 Premier League goals .
Christi Shepherd, seven, (left) and her brother Bobby, six, (right) died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in Corfu in October 2006. Their father, Neil Shepherd, and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson, (together, left) who he has since married, were also almost killed by the fumes.
Court hearing: Christopher Nathan May, 50, left, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47, right, who was missing for three days before being discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales on Friday .
Heartbroken mother Casey Veal (pictured) has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home . The new interview coincides with the federal government's announcement of the introduction of a task force to combat the 'national ice epidemic'.
Manny Pacquiao inspects a speed ball with the face of Floyd Mayweather painted on it during a break from training on Tuesday . With his eyes closed and grimacing with effort, Pacquiao ramps up his shadow boxing routine on Monday . Pacquiao is going through his final preparations ahead of the bout billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History' Confident Pacquiao kicks his feet high during his warm-up ahead of training at Wild Card Boxing . 'Mayweather is 38.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United at Old Trafford, pictured . 'They had drank a mixture of beer and gin and tonic before embarking on the flight down.
As eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season's European Rugby Champions Cup, Sportsmail's Nik Simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition. RECORD . STRENGTHS . WEAKNESSES .
She also gave a shout out to Tom Morello, the frontman of Rage Against the Machine. Manning is dictating the tweets over the phone to close friends.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Leo Messi who nets once every 81 minutes. Javier Hernandez scored two more important goals for Real Madrid as they look to keep up with Barcelona in the quest for the La Liga crown . Ronaldo was linking well with James Rodriguez and Hernandez and almost put Real ahead but saw his shot come back off the post after another fine pass from Chicharito.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at an event in Newcastle . Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in their Tyne/Wear derby victory on Sunday at the Stadium of Light .
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris St Germain, who claimed their fifth League Cup trophy with doubles by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani. In 2012, Thiriez did not hand Bastia their Ligue 2 champions' trophy.
Nico Rosberg (left) and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday . Sebastian Vettel celebrates emerging victorious at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Ferrari on March 29 .
Karen Buckley, 24, (left) pictured with friends on the night she went missing after leaving a Glasgow nightclub . Miss Buckley, who is originally from Cork in Ireland was last seen when she left the flat of a man she had met at around 4am on Sunday morning and was planning to walk home to her flat in Hill Street in the Garnethill area . She failed to return and did not take her jacket.
European pilots must fill out the form to be recertified. That device could reveal crucial details about what happened during the final moments of the flight.
Paul Scholes has criticised Mario Mandzukic for over reacting after the Atletico Madrid striker appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal. Mandzukic was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with Sergio Ramos, Raphael Varane and Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon.
The 35-year-old Barcelona star recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a possible switch to Al Sadd ahead of next season and has managed just five starts in 21 games during 2015. Barcelona manager Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the club's hunt for the treble .
Disputed: China has built the airstrip (pictured) on Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands without consulting the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan who all claim the region . The country claims the work is necessary to safeguard its sovereignty which it asserts over most of the South China sea.
Brooke’s death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice. In 2000, love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship which was written in 1918 .
Newcastle boss John Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play during the current campaign . Newcastle are just nine points above QPR . We need points.
Allred said the meeting was scheduled to damage Cosby's ticket sales . 'All this time, and for many, many years, I felt that this was my fault.' Janice Kinney (right) said she met Cosby at the age of 24 working in a Reno casino. She says he fed her drugs and she woke up naked in bed with him . Embrace: Allred, who represents many of Cosby's 38 accusers, hugged the women after they spoke .
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land. It is only a two-hour drive from Bordeaux. The castle is only 15 minutes from an airport which has direct flights to two London airports .
Barry Hawkins celebrates after qualifying for the second round of the World Snooker Championship . Hawkins kept his composure to win 10-9 after Matthew Selt's impressive comeback at the Crucible . Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback, however he was unable to progress to the second round .
But it's unclear how Gray, arrested on a weapons charge April 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. Gray was placed inside a police van and was able to talk, said Rodriguez who described Gray as upset. What we don't know: It's not known whether Gray's criminal past had anything to do with his arrest, or his death.
In an inspiring essay for Marie Claire, Jenna Marotta, 27, tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it. 'I'd descend "into the mirror" for up to four hours a day,' Jenna writes in the essay, explaining how her actions horrified her parents. Now, the 27-year-old says she has overcome her condition - and is working on being 'nice' to herself. 'I continue to work with a psychiatrist to stay on track since I first put the tweezers down,' she says.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for support fighting a future alien invasion at a peace summit . The former US President was said to be obsessed with science fiction films like Close Encounters .
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique, which leaves them just two points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga. Goals: Banega 37, Gameiro 83. Goals: Messi 14, Neymar 31.
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. However, FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. German referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing a penalty . It will happen – and UEFA must just hope it doesn’t affect one of their premiere tournaments.
Mr Zaid was apparently bundled into a Mercedes by masked men and attacked . Mr Zaid, 20, who is currently studying economics at the University of Greenwich, was found dumped at the side of the A3 in Beverley Way, Kingston, south west London (above). He remains in hospital with critical injuries .
A headteacher who secretly tried to use a school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at her family home has been jailed. 'She abused her position of trust. Ms Knight told the court that cowboy builder Lee Slocombe had carried out £80,000 worth of work at Harkin's home in Pontypridd over an 18-month period from November 2012. Labelled a fraudster and a conman who swindled thousands from victims, Slocombe was jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud.
In a hard-hitting statement, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some Rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide, and by the Nazis in the 1930s.
The Gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the teenage sensation. But the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero's ownership rights - and Law has travelled to Argentina to resolve the issues.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. A saw, rope and cleaning supplies were found in Colina's apartment, which is located one block from the Cambridge Police Department.
The Real Madrid squad looked in high spirits as they prepared for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against rivals Atletico Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo (centre) takes part in a small-sided game during the session on Tuesday morning . The Madrid rivals players out a 0-0 draw in the first leg last week, leaving the quarter-final tie finely balanced.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities, and a clear indicator that the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating fast. It is important to counter Al-Shabaab directly, including by military means.
A burglary suspect arrested at a crime scene in Alabama managed to escape by driving off in a police car despite being handcuffed. The suspect, who hasn't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile, abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot. The man is currently in the Birmingham City Jail.
Victory against Burnley will ensure Arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season . The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002.
A study claims that Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine .
Disgraced Davis High School educator Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students. She allegedly had sex with the third student while she was out on  bail for charges relating to the first two students. One of her victims has accused the school district of failing to fire the English teacher, left, even though it knew she had acted inappropriately with students.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . ‘The club is delighted for Josh that the Judicial Panel Tribunal dismissed the complaint brought against him,’ he stated.
"But we've elected a woman as president," we'll say. Sure, voters are amenable to electing women. And inferring too much from Hillary Clinton's experiences is a risky endeavor. Yet the minute Clinton announced her candidacy, she became the official litmus test for true gender equality in the United States.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break. Saracens fly half Charlie Hodgson attempts a conversion from the sideline at Allianz Park .
When father-of-three Sean McCabe got the devastating news that he had just two months to live he set about organising the funeral - choosing the music and even booking the church. But he managed to make a remarkable recovery and was told his cancer is now in remission. Mr McCabe has revealed the contents of the letter he wrote to this three children. Mr McCabe, 30, said he is looking forward to marrying his long term partner Lisa Williams (left) In December 2014 Mr McCabe was recovering and had been told his cancer was now in remission .
Salvina Formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness . And there's no sign of her slowing down at any time soon. The 101-year-old, who celebrated her birthday on March 16, recently tripped over an uneven footpath .
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. Pulled from the water: A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday, and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition. Both have now died . Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill. Mrs Dickson developed blood clots, which can be caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill, that then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. Mrs Dickson was taken to Causeway Hospital, Coleraine, Northern Ireland, after she experienced sharp pains on November 2 last year. The two pulmonary embolisms became lodged in Ms Dickson's lungs, causing a condition known as pleural effusion which leads to fluid accumulating around the lung and can make them collapse .
After decades of snapping at the heels of rival Marks & Spencer, Next has overtaken the company on profits. Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
The 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings, which were sold at Bonhams auction house in New York.
Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia after tests on Thursday confirmed he suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain. Iniesta has to be substituted following his injury and could now miss the league game with Valencia .
A new Reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. Ruse awakening: The Reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what 'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses . The fee to find a bride this way, according to this user, costs between $10,000 (£6,500) and $15,000 (£9,800), although others have said they paid as much as $50,000 (£32,700).
Ko missed out on recording her 30th successive under-par round . But I give myself a chance for the weekend.'
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. Claudetteia Love (pictured), 17, was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom. Last week, Principal Taylor told the News-Star that the earlier decision was part of the school's dress code and not anything personal. She will represent the school at the annual Scholars' Banquet, an event for the top students in Ouachita Parish, and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University.
The Pasco County Sheriff's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system, had access to personal files and could have altered his classmates' grades, but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank. Green has been charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access' which is a 3rd Degree Felony. He is also suspended from school for 10 days and is being transferred to a different school.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'. The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions  after a final KFC bucket meal. Sandiford has been languishing on death row in Bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine through the island's airport in 2012.
Concern that China could match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship to independently track enemy ultra-quiet diesel electric submarines over thousands of miles to limit their tactical capacity for surprise. Initiated by a Pentagon research group called the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Anti-Submarine Warfare Continuous Trail Vessel (ACTUV) would be able to operate under with little supervisory control but also as remotely controlled or piloted vessels, depending on the circumstances of specific missions.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday . Simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own .
Iker Casillas has described the constant attention surrounding his status as Real Madrid's No 1 as 'morbid' after keeping a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo .
Fergal O'Brien says that Alvarado is in better shape going into this weekend's Grand National at Aintree . Alvarado, pictured here at Cheltenham in 2013, has run only once this season back in February at Doncaster .
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich at the end of the season . Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and face Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday night.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil ‘illegitimate’ and says it will mount a legal challenge – but has ruled out another conflict.
The advert has Italian chefs in uproar, as it appears to claim that Italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza . A top pizza chef described the advert 'blasphemy' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald's of a 'shameful' attack. It is not the first time McDonald's and Italian foodies been at odds over their menus.
The female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes, leaving her in 'great distress'. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama, reaching into the woman's handbag and stealing £60 cash.
The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. They said: 'The white-cheeked macaque is threatened by illegal hunting and the construction of hydropower stations. The white cheeked macaque was discovered in the mountain forests of Medog in south east Tibet, China . Dr Fan added that it was possible there could be other species of primate still to be discovered in the area.
Trendsetters: David Beckham with daughter Harper during Victoria Beckham show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week 2014 . Romeo Beckham, Brooklyn Beckham, Cruz Beckham, Harper Beckham, David Beckham and Anna Wintour at the Autumn Winter 2015 in New York .
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty in a separate venue in Hua Hin, a resort some 125miles southwest of Bangkok, shortly before his death. Tragic: Mr Mackay, 40, allegedly got into a fight after discovering Ms Patty talking to another man . He later died in hospital.
Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon take a selfie in New York . We had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor, giving us panoramic views of Central Park. The couple, who met as partners on Dancing on Ice, enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson .
Martynas Kupstys, 26, spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014. The killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court. Both men were this week jailed for life following the murder in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire in January 2014. Many prison officers.'
Bubba Watson was off the pace at the Shenzhen International and had to settle for an opening-day 70 . The defending champion sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi's lead and is in joint 17th place .
A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters . It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia . Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’.
'Heartless': Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . When offered food at the hospital, Sgt Chittenden said ‘he ate like a starving dog’ and, ultimately, he had to be spoon-fed.
The protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. The gatehouse, built as a memorial to Queen Victoria, was sold in 2012 after a Spanish hotel developer paid £60 million to buy it from the government .
The highly-anticipated new cruise ship, the Anthem of the Seas, has just arrived in the UK. The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer. On board, guests will see robotic bartenders, have the opportunity to hone their circus skills and even go on a virtual sky dive .
For most people outside Scotland, this will have been their first proper view of Scotland’s First Minister. Today, Nicola Sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in British politics.
While you were stuck in a traffic jam this Easter, the Rich Kids of Instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world's most beautiful locations, exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties. Whether on a £2million Phenom E100 private jet or a brand new Bentley Continental, they travel in style. 20-year-old Lana Scolaro and her sister Stephanie - who have been travelling back and forth between countries since they were young children - have become pretty used to the jet-setting lifestyle. Big money: Self-made Israeli businessman Tomer Sror can't bare to leave the office at home and manages to make a quick few hundred thousand while on vacation .
Of the 81, 70% were unvaccinated. The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state.
Poppy Moore, 23, wed her childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with only 12 loved ones before hosting a reception for 50 at the Mayfair Hotel. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses, which poignantly also contained a picture of her father Dean, who died in 2011 aged 43.
Ashley Young is desperate to avoid being part of the first United team to lose five successive Manchester derbies. United have lost the last four derbies to City: .
The outfit has suffered a little with age, however. When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray.
Mr MacGregor, 68, who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002, said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave. He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his Radio 4 series A History Of The World In 100 Objects which was inspired by the museum's collection.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. Santamaria-Williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her. Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is backing his forward Eden Hazard (right) to win Player of the Year awards . Mourinho believes that 'it shouldn't even be a debate' that Hazard should claim the top prizes this season . Meanwhile, Chelsea defender Wallace — on loan at Vitesse Arnhem — has been arrested on suspicion of an offence in a nightclub.
Two years later, Lo Porto was dead -- killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike, according to American authorities. And the university, in a statement, described him as "a popular student who was committed to helping others."
Bayern Munich's treble ambitions are put to the test on Wednesday in the German Cup quarter-final when their injury-hit side travel to in-form Bayer Leverkusen. Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer celebrates after the 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday .
But according to her blog, the former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'. Vicious: ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington, Virginia . she says. Finally, before walking away, McHenry says: 'Lose some weight, baby girl.' The towing company told TMZ 'she was in the wrong' but insists there are no hard feelings towards McHenry. A spokesman confirmed McHenry had been suspended for one week.
And the women had a chance to confront the woman, named Kayla, on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday. Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon . It emerged that Kayla was a catfish - someone who tricks others online by setting up fake profiles with fake pictures and names- after one of the women became suspicious and looked into the man she had been talking to.
Industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers. Other healthy tips are to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work .
Arrested: Pakistani supermodel Ayyan Ali (pictured) has been in jail since March 14, when she caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad airport . Unfair: Ali's lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying .
His rescuer, Inspector Lakshman Basnet of the Nepalese Armed Police Force, said Tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury. Also Thursday, a U.S. special operations forces team rescued 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter from an area of Nepal called Bamboo Village, according to the U.S. ambassador to Nepal.
The 79th Masters attracted massive ratings in the USA and there is no surprise in that. Spieth walks back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the large crowd watching on . Spieth 5/10 .
When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the Muslim refugees. Refugees: These migrants are among the 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa who have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week .
Liam Treadwell has been booked for the ride on Michael Scudamore-trained Monbeg Dude in Saturday’s Crabbie’s Grand National. Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009.
Sania Mirza became the first Indian to climb to the top of the WTA doubles ranking after she teamed up with Swiss great Martina Hingis to claim the Family Circle Cup title. The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Hingis, beating Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes, to achieve the top ranking milestone.
Doctors have called for under-fours to be given free vitamins after a rise in the number of cases of rickets due to a lack of exposure to sunlight. Rickets, which is also known as soft bones, can cause deformities such as bowed legs and a curvature of the spine.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe but is not the first Premier League star to have been involved such controversy. Saido Berahino . Kyle Walker .
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays. The details, released to the Press Association under the Freedom of Information Act, refer to the parliamentary by-elections in Clacton, Heywood and Middleton, Newark, Rochester and Strood, and Wythenshawe and Sale East.
Samsung added that the test done by SquareTrade 'does not show the strength of the back side.' Samsung famously poked fun at Apple last year when it emerged its iPhone 6 Plus could bend out of shape .
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. In a bid to cheer the youngster up, a local newspaper headed to the family's home armed with dozens of chocolate Easter eggs.
One featured penalty Celtic didn't get for 2-0 in which Josh Meekings handball should have also led to a sending off. Caley boss John Hughes says the break, which could have meant a penalty and red card, was a turning point . Virgil Van Dijk (centre) fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute .
But this week model and chef Chrissy Teigen bought them to the fore after she posted a picture of her  legs to Instagram. Women have been taken to Instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks after the body Chrissy Teigen posted an image of hers to the social networking site .
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, who was named locally as James Gregoire. All of those involved in the incident are believed to be known to each other and are from the area. Police confirmed they arrested a 21-year-old man earlier today on suspicion of Mr Gregoire's murder .
He had performed most recently in Istanbul on Valentine's Day. The performer, who was also an accomplished guitarist, was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest, and the year before he released the album that ignited his career.
The file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo," was uploaded on April 23, 2005 by one of the site's founders. A decade later, the site gets billions of views every day. YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash. Police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted .
It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill. Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city, and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. 'They are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects on the brain.' Dangerous: The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri . Two of these Mississippi cases were Jeff and Joey Stallings, brothers who were hospitalized April 6 after smoking Spice. However, they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket.
Asylum seeker Jafar Adeli who was arrested at a bus station in Leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex . Adeli had been duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting and police were waiting to arrest him when he turned up at the bus station .
Nikki Thomas appeared on This Morning to tell how her sister was murdered by her obsessive ex . There were also texts and visits.' After offering her a lift, Packer, then aged 49, took her to a layby and strangled her to death. Nikki now wishes she had urged her sister to put a stop to Packer's stalking behaviour. 'You don't have to put up with it,' he said.
The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her second baby in the next week with Prince William. COMFORT OVER STYLE . DRESS LIKE YOU'RE NOT PREGNANT AT ALL . Reality star, Kim Kardashian, 34, was well-known for maintaining her glamorous style and tight-fitting clothing during her pregnancy with child North-West in 2013 .
In lederhosen and knee-high socks, Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree. A tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed German house after the war. But with salvaged illustrations and some replacement photos, it is to be published this month by military experts Pen & Sword Books under the title The Rise of Hitler.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
But the view of who might be responsible for the series of deaths differs starkly, according to which side of the country's divide one is on. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who came to office after Yanukovych was ousted, has demanded an investigation of the killings of Kalashnikov and Buzyna, his media office said.
'Very lucky' Skating with a full face mask during practice, the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin, the Detroit Free Press reports. The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
Reporting from areas controlled by ISIS is near impossible but anecdotes of daily life and death do emerge.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week and they are keen to get him on board for what is expected to be confirmed as a campaign in League One next season. Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Needless to say, we have a great team, who'll give their all to be there at the end. Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the Champions League . James Rodriguez has said 'it's a pleasure to work with' Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague Manuel Pellegrini . Pellegrini has overseen a poor run of form at Manchester City, losing six of their last eight games .
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods.
They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial - and say early treatment is key to staving off AIDS. The model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging 'Conficker' worm, first detected in 2008, which has infected military and police computer networks across Europe and is still active today.
In opening statements, defense lawyer Garren Pedemonte said Monica shot the first victim in self-defense, and the second as a kind of mercy killing. The defendant has claimed that she shot the second man, 56-year-old Robert Harry Haney, to put him out of his misery because she found her pigs already feeding on him, The Mail Tribune reported.
Double rapist Solomon Khoorban, 33, a former soldier based at Woolwich barracks, London, has been jailed for 16 years . He also told her: 'B****** shouldn't be out at this time'. Both rapes were reported to police at the time but it took detectives more than a decade to track Khoorban down and link him to the sex attacks.
Sonnenspeicher (pictured) uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. With this in mind, German firm Automatic Storage Device (ASD) and designer Wolfram Walter have created the Sonnenspeicher. Sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current, to make it easier to manage how much energy is being used.
A bitter war of words has erupted between a young woman and a butcher in Sydney's eastern suburbs over exactly what happened when Belinda Bartholomew, the girlfriend of Roosters star Aidan Guerra, tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast. According to Ms Bartholomew, she was called names and told to go to 'an Aussie butcher' when she tried to change her chicken selection. Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner .
The extremist warns of jihadi brides becoming jealous of other women liking their husband's social media account too much. Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months.
Lewis Hamilton celebrates his win with the Mercedes team, but Nico Rosberg appears less pleased with 2nd . Rosberg accused Hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow and compromising his second position . Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself .
Super Suarez . It is now 17 goals for the season and Barcelona's front three, spearheaded by Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar is the most in-form in world football. PSG yearn for Zlatan's quality . Neymar back in form .
The couple announced the pregnancy in January, with an Instagram post.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. The pairing proved to be an instant success. As Kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens, she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed. Ahmed Shaheed is believed to be a former Bond University student, who reportedly left his home in Sydney and traveled to Syria to join the Al Qaeda affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup (not pictured) in a blanket and left in a car around  from Dockweiler State Beach . Though small pups are cute they can be very dangerous, officials warned .
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification . Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal . Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away, while Wanyama was quoted on Thursday claiming Arsenal were interested in his services. 'I spoke to Victor this morning,' Koeman said.
David Luiz could be a doubt for Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League clash with Barcelona after picking up a hamstring injury on Sunday. The club's official English Twitter account confirmed it was a muscle pull, tweeting: '@DavidLuiz_4 crumples to the floor with a hamstring pull #OMPSG' Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Three trophies later, the senior team is finally in search of a reboot. Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and it is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes, David Villa and Fernando Torres. The likes of Xavi (right), Barcelona's midfield metronome, have done their hard miles and can now hand over . And if you just look a little more closely then the eight teams left to sort the wheat from the chaff this week show evidence that, beyond Bernat, Spain still have a golden harvest to bring in. Former Under 21 coach Julen Lopetegui has managed Porto to one of the results of the season in midweek .
Quick-thinking: Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High, took down a gunman on Monday . Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. The teenager, who has not been identified, only transferred to the high school a month ago, according to authorities. He watched as Olson tackled the boy to the ground.
The daughter of a paedophile jailed for sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl said her father should be hanged for his crimes. Miss Handley, a restaurant worker, learned of his crimes after reading about them online . Miss Handley now wants to change her name via deed poll .
An obsessive Arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. Saskia struggled to name all 11 players of the starting squad and got confused on the player positions .
BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event. Although they weren't always a couple, Burger and King have known each other since kindergarten. They announced their engagement this spring with a photo next to the sign at a local Burger King restaurant.
The niece of Gypsy Weddings star Paddy Doherty has been jailed for two years after she and an accomplice preyed on elderly people in their homes in 'cruel and heinous raids'. Chantelle Doherty, 21, of Prestwich, Greater Manchester, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man in which she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone. Doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud. Lawrence, of no fixed address, was jailed for five years after he pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary, three counts of fraud and one count each of robbery and attempted theft.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range. It produced the flash and working memory in the iPhone 4, for example, and was a substantial Apple chip partner until 2013. Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer . It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted 'skol' and 'Tony' Mr Abbott also gave a speech to the players, according to Australian Women's Weekly.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago, he told NBC DFW. After a few weeks of friendly conversations with Heinrich, the man said he wanted to marry her and move to Austria to be with her and his daughter, she told Valente. After being contacted by NBC, Facebook removed the profile.
England must name a 31-man World Cup squad by August 31 and Farrell admits that some tough selection calls lay ahead. Following their meetings with Fiji, Australia and Wales at Twickenham, England will play their final Pool A game against minnows Uruguay at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester.
Amanda recalled how she had learned from TV news that her mother died of a heart attack, aged 43, in March 2006, while she was 'chained like a dog' in Castro's home. The Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have written a book, being published on April 27 . A month after learning that her mother, Louwana Miller, had died, Amanda, realized she was pregnant by Castro in April 2006. Amanda wrote: 'I think my mom sent me this baby. It's her way of giving me an angel. On Christmas Day, she gave birth in her prison of a home to daughter, Jocelyn, with the help of Michelle.
A 'mean and despicable' couple who decorated their flat with sentimental trinkets and tributes that were looted from graves have been banned from cemeteries indefinitely. Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, (pictured outside court) admitted handling stolen goods at York Magistrates' Court after decorating their flat in items such as lanterns, wreaths, trinkets and homemade gifts .
Sienna also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park and using light weights to tone muscles. What to try: . Hip rolls, a Pilates move that targets the 'oblique' abdominal muscles around the waist.
The text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant, also called Ruscus racemosus, together and possibly wearing it around the neck. This  papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical 'recipe' for treating a hangover . The newly translated medical texts also include recipes for helping to halt the spread of ulcers, others for treating hemorrhoids, toothache, gangrene and a dozen for treating eye conditions.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. But they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . Last night, a forecast from pollster YouGov suggested the likely result on May 7 is a badly hung Parliament.
Navigating Route 1 from San Fran's iconic Golden Gate Bridge to LA, Jane Horrocks enjoys her road trip . Much of the highway has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction - it's time to take your foot off the gas, relax and take it all in.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. According to TheGolfNewsNet.com, the man made it out of the water with his hat, but had to leave the beer behind. The 2015 LOTTE Championship, presented by Hershey, comes to a close on April 18.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. He then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off. Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian.
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona and progress to the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday night. PSG welcome back Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti from suspension for Tuesday's quarter-final tie.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014, a report found. Britain's failure to follow suit – thanks to a target imposed by David Cameron – means that its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
Vincent Stanford, the cleaner at Leeton High School, moved into this single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago . Meanwhile, as Stanford adjusted to life in Leeton, his identical twin brother – who moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 - settled in South Australia. Since Stanford was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday police have been searching the house for evidence . 'He was employed as a casual cleaner and worked on different sites a required,' Ms Dooley said. A set of school keys, given to the murdered bride-to-be by a colleague the last time she was seen alive, were also allegedly found at his home.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. 'There are no regulations or cleanliness standards for the passenger cabins of airplanes. 'We have created an efficient and practical way for airlines to sanitize the interiors of commercial planes between passenger loads.
An inquiry has been ordered into this.’ The airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument, and there was no physical violence. Reports suggest that the captain was assaulted after asking the co-pilot to record information before take-off . A report by the Times of India said that the co-pilot has faced similar accusations in the past.
Not your typical prom date: Joy Webb (left) took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night . Celebrating their first prom together: Webb (left) told Daily Mail Online that she decided to bring her grandfather since he never got to attend his own prom. Drain (right) enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened .
Bolton Wanderers defender Marc Tierney is poised to announce his retirement on Thursday. The 29-year-old left-back fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013 and following a series of operations and advice from specialists in America he has been forced to cut short his career.
Vuckic has denied a report on Tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit St James Park, where he has one year left on his contract. Haris Vuckic has thrived at Rangers under new manager Stuart McCall . Vuckic has won over Rangers fans with six goals from 10 games, including this strike against Hearts .
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike. She eventually slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb, and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the striker’s agent suggested he could leave Everton . Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park .
QPR have confirmed that Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season . Scans have since revealed Vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
The home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas . Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that  built his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed . But one of the most striking uses of the containers is the two-story, glass-paneled tower that overlooks and mirrors the shape of the house's long, slim pool, which carries the tower's reflection.
Displaying her love of Poliça, Mrs Cameron even joined the crowd at a recent gig in Shoreditch, East London, at which the group played songs from their latest album, Shulamith.
But recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000. The once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans.
New Milford officer Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia, Elmwood Park Police said. In addition to the possession charges, DeMarco was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI, according to NJ.com.
(CNN)Five young Chinese feminists, whose detention has provoked an international outcry, may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment," William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International told CNN.
On Thursday, the Inverness defender was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths in last Sunday’s semi-final was thrown out. In the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win, Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded.
The fort remained in the family for 400 years, until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold and used it as a fortress for the French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800.
A church will hold its Maundy Thursday service today instead of tomorrow to allow a weekly drop-in session for prostitutes to go ahead. Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
If you struggle to stay alert, massage therapist Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, might have just the answer. Here, writing for Healthista, she outlines her six top tips to boost concentration, from cooing over cute pictures of  pets, to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session... Massage your 'third eye' Massaging reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension. Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer . Look at cute pet pictures .
A member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner TH Clements & Son . The passer-by who saw the man yesterday, who does not wish to be named, said: 'It was disgusting. 'Highest quality': Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach supermarket shelves .
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week, the Palm Beach Daily News reported. Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, spoke out against the rising wealth gap in America at a TED talk in Canada last month - and bought a $71m home days later .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. Martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind — any bitterness would be understandable — but from everything I have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately.
While the countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution, many are still holding a glimmer of hope and attending nation-wide vigils . The two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST) 300 people gathered at the Blues Point Reserve on Sydney's north shore donning signs and candles . Over 50 people gathered to show solidarity for the condemned duo and plea for their clemency .
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. The weather will stay mostly dry and sunny across the UK for the next few days, although some showers are expected from late tomorrow. Among the best coastal destinations for warm weather tomorrow will be Hunstanton in Norfolk, Whitstable in Kent and Prestatyn in North Wales. Air pollution levels tomorrow are forecast to be ‘very high’ in the far South East of England - potentially putting asthma sufferers at risk.
Salvador helped set up a meeting between Moonves, Roach and himself at Scarpetta in Beverly Hills that he says began with a discussion about the legacy of boxing. Salvador insists he is not seeking money, and a CBS spokesman confirmed his role in the initial meeting.
On Tuesday, Christie's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer. A reverie for the ages.
'Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness. 'He served Everton with immense distinction over three spells. Bill Kenwright said Carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving - the culmination of three days of events marking the milestone. In 1995, the Queen, the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to mark the 50th anniversary of VE Day . The announcement of the VE Day celebrations came after the Queen attended the traditional Royal Maundy Service in Sheffield yesterday.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online. Emwazi became convinced al-Shabaab had been infiltrated by Western spies after friends Bilal al-Berjawi (pictured) and Mohammed Sakr were killed . Emwazi has previously been accused of trying to join al-Shabaab, and was detained in August 2009 after flying to Tanzania in east Africa with a group of friends. Al-Berjawi and Sakr were also detained in Kenya around the same time, but later returned to Africa and were able to make it to Somalia, where they joined the fighting.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring, ahead of their $300m mega-fight on May 2 . FLOYD MAYWEATHER . It is predicted he will retire with as much as $100m (£67m) in the bank. WORLD TITLES .
Marco Evaristti, the South American artist who is based in Copenhagen, poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of Reykjavik, at dawn. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result. Artist Marco Evarastti defended his artwork, saying nature belonged to 'no one'.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India, documented in the Limca Book of Records . Ms Srivastava's hair has made her a local celebrity and she is a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown . Ms Srivastava still has some way to go before she knocks the current Guinness World Record holder off her perch .
The clip, uploaded to Facebook on Wednesday, begins with the angry woman unleashing a racist tirade at her African neighbours. During the tussle the woman appears to be struck in the forehead, with blood visibly pouring down her face. The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass. She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort on Wednesday . The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, looks relaxed at the Oschersleben circuit . Mick signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March, and links up with team-mate Harrison Newey, the son of the Red Bull designer Adrian.
But dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage. It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Melbourne-based Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend. The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . He said he has contacted Parks Victoria and the local council in hopes of tracking down the owners of the dogs.
The Indonesian Attorney-General's spokesman, Tony Spontana, said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date. It is only a matter of time.' Sukumaran along with the other nine death row prisoners will be killed by firing squad . Curently Sukumaran (pictured) and Chan remain in an isolated cell on Nusakambangan Island .
Diego Simeone is made for England. The Atleti boss confronts Raphael Varane during Real Madrid's 4-1 Champions League final win last year . The Atletico players circle around Simeone as they prepare for the Champions League clash against Madrid . When Manchester City choose a new manager, it will be someone who can help to bring tiki taka football to the club, from academy to the first team, under the direction of Txiki Begiristain.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets for next season - even though he may not be around to parade them. 'I don't think Rangers will be at the stage yet next year where we need international scouts everywhere. Rangers have expanded their scouting network after a haphazard system over the past few years . McCall's side are still in line for promotion, sitting in the play-off positions in the Scottish Championship .
Crystal Palace . However, Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury, while Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint. Joining them in being ruled out is skipper Mile Jedinak who is suspended. Key midfielder Yaya Toure missed the victory over West Brom a fortnight ago with an achilles injury but has since played twice for Ivory Coast and is fit. Manchester City 4/7 .
The statement Nineties chop, made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years - from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus - and is spreading like wildfire among hipsters.
According to author of Happier People Healthier Planet, Dr Teresa Belton, they're all completely free. Researcher and education expert at the University of East Anglia, Dr Teresa Belton, believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives. This can relieve stress and create a sense of lightness and unburdening.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin . It's a large island, about a quarter of the size of Majorca, but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot. The one must-do outing in Kefalonia is to Fiskardo, a lovely harbour, and Tassia, an excellent waterfront restaurant that seems to attract an A-list crowd.
A play-off career high 32 points from Kawhi Leonard helped the San Antonio Spurs on their way to a 100-73 mauling of the Los Angeles Clippers in Game 3 on Friday. Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas. Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas .
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by The Mail on Sunday that show his club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone — even as they remain the subject of a salary cap investigation. The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history .
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia. When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
A heartfelt letter left by passenger 'Bethanie' to the pilot who 'got her home safely,' has been shared on Twitter . In it, a passenger known only as 'Bethanie' writes how, in light of the recent Alps plane crash, she feels the need to 'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand.' She signs off by saying: 'You're making a massive difference and you're the reason I can smile tonight.
Monster: Violent drug dealer Lloyd Byfield (left) who evaded deportation for years launched a brutal and frenzied knife and hammer attack on Leighann Duffy, 26, when he burst into her flat in Walthamstow, London . During the Old Bailey hearing, Judge Cooke also expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica when he attacked another woman with a chisel and was jailed for burglary in 2005. He was ordered to be deported on May 29, 2007. Byfield repeatedly tried to contact Leighann Duffy but she did not answer his calls until the next day.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km, with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car.
New York (CNN)A New York Police Department detective apologized Friday for an angry exchange with an Uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment. "I apologize.
Now campaigners say that local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation. Two county councils, Essex and Gloucestershire, have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Speaking on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday, the Australian Idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health, and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68kg. At her heaviest, the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs . Shaping up: The Maybe Tonight singer underwent sleeve surgery  in May 2012 to help her lose weight .
Diego Costa is unlikely to miss the entirety of Chelsea's title run-in and could return within two weeks . Costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday .
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove. Rebecca lost a further stone herself after she left No 1 Boot Camp in Norfolk - a reality TV star favourite - dropping to 11 stone, and slipping into size 12 outfits. Indeed, getting the toned stomach she had always craved meant her work completely dried up.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring has been accused by critics in her west London neighbourhood of ordering the dramatic overnight paint job ‘to get her own back’ when they objected to her plans to demolish the property and rebuild it with a two-storey ‘iceberg’ basement. Today MailOnline can reveal Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert, who have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007. She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot, Flying Officer George Reicher Royde, who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when the pilot was injured, saving the rest of the crew on board.
Parents of a U.S. Army Sergeant were left stunned with excitement after their son, who had just returned from being stationed in Afghanistan, decided to surprise them on ice before a hockey game. Eitan (left) and his wife Ronit Urman (right) were told they would drop a ceremonious first puck at the game on Saturday because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years . Eventually the pair lost their footing as the carpet moved on the slippery ice, and the fell to the ground, still hugging .
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in Mumbai, India's most populous city. But an anti-terrorism court granted Lakhvi bail last year, a decision the Pakistani government said it would challenge.
It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient during her reign . He was invested in a ceremony at Windsor Castle. L/Cpl Leakey is the second member of his family to receive the award, following his second cousin twice removed, Nigel Leakey (right), who fought in the Second World War .
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines . The rules need to cater for comfortable and practical shoes,' she said. The secondary school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)', which Ms Parker said the shoes comply to . 'Why has she not been allowed to attend class while this grey area is being cleared up?
And Sabeen Mahmud surrounded herself there with books, people, and discussions on technology, human rights and women's entrepreneurship. She said she knew it was a potentially dangerous move, and she had received death threats in the past when she handled the topic before.
Celtic have hit out at the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month at Hampden. The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18 - before the first trains from Inverness arrive in Glasgow.
The 11-year-old was returned to safety shortly afterwards. The beach warden noticed the boy standing in the flats as he tried to reach the sea and alerted the coastguard. The boy was flown back to hard sand and was not harmed in the incident at around 3.30pm yesterday afternoon . 'Together they flew back down the beach to his very relieved parents.
The man, who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in Aintree, barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in the middle of the road. He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face. Merseyside Police said the 34-year-old from Formby in Sefton came forward to police late last night and he was interviewed under caution about the alleged assault.
But unlike in the 1985 classic, this Jet Surf board, made in the Czeck Republic, is designed for travelling across water - and is so powerful it can help propel riders into the air off waves or the wake from passing boats. Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg.
Back to work: Beatrice arrives at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire . All business: Beatrice was making her second official visit in less than four days . That trip came just a day after she was seen enjoying the company of Middle Eastern and Spanish royalty at the Bahrain Grand Prix alongside her boyfriend Dave Clark, 31. Hobnobbing: Beatrice was at a fashion conference in Florence last week and is seen here with David Lauren .
Christopher Flowers was traveling down  Chili Avenue, near Route 390, in Rochester on March 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. Emergency crews arrived at the scene and Flowers, from Chili, was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck. But on Sunday, hospital officials told The Democrat and Chronicle that the retired marine had passed away.
He added the caption: ‘Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE.’ Fury: Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Last night, Liverpool promised to take ‘appropriate action’ against the supporter.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s, and were originally intended to provide car parking spaces. But following the outbreak of the Second World War, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs. The shelter became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who would be allowed to seek refuge there.
Charnelle Hughes, who was left scarred, swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye after being struck in the face by a pint glass, which was thrown across a crowded pub . The Adelphi pub in Preston, where Goode randomly threw the glass, which struck Miss Hughes on the head .
The owner of the East Village building that blew up last week and left two dead people could yet face criminal charges, it has emerged. Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast.
The ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter. Famous names including Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the ponchos, each monogrammed with their initials.
Kamal, also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board, criticised the umpires in the quarter-final, and questioned their partiality, over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst, otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain at the final.
Last week, UK Oil & Gas Investments (UKOG) boasted it had discovered a ‘world class potential resource’ beneath the Home Counties. The oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. The company has now admitted that its estimates were based on findings made in a 55-square-mile stretch of the basin, less than two per cent of the total surface area .
Chelsea captain John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players after the Belgian inspired the Blues to a 2-1 win over Stoke. Hazard tucked home a penalty to put Chelsea in front before Charlie Adam scored a memorable 66-yard equaliser for the visitors.
The dazzling attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday.
Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city."
A Labour councillor’s son who was caught trying to cross the border into Syria with four young children is believed to be a member of an extremist organisation David Cameron tried to ban. Ahmed, a politics student at Manchester University, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week.
Dr Habeeb Latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations . He told Taunton Crown Court the 37-year-old woman visited Latheef with a stiff neck and headache.
Pricey promposals: Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by Visa .
But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton's most trusted aide Huma Abedin. Before the campaign heats up: Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin (left) was spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and three-year-old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday . Not the only one with a taste for Mexican: Marco Rubio also dipped into Chipotle for lunch the other day .
Blues manager Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costa’s fitness, but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the Emirates Stadium. Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as Chelsea's only fit senior striker . Chelsea's 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke (centre) is set to be named on the bench .
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created the book after she gave birth to her first child in 2012 .
When Stacey Johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour, her whole family was heartbroken. Her sister, Dannii, now 20, helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years, and became her full-time carer last year. But they then suffered another shock – as Dannii was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago, and has undergone gruelling chemotherapy.
Spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014 . Spieth, pictured in action at last year's Masters, threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second in 2014 .
Abused on the train: Young parents Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, said they will be pressing charges on the woman who verbally attacked them on the train once she is identified . 'She touched my wife's head, that is one issue that I will raise,' he said during a 7:30 Report interview.
Labour leader: Mr Miliband is superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' Watching at home: Prime Minister David Cameron and his deputy Nick Clegg were superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb, two men from Brighton who appear on Channel 4 series Gogglebox .
(CNN)The Rev. Schuller, also the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013, a release from "Hour of Power" said.
The company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance. Once the camera take an image, the data would be further analysed by a third-party to extract the hyperspectral signature at any location in the image. Hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum. A first-generation demonstration system of the camera.
ISIS militants besieging a Palestinian refugee camp in Syria's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a Hamas-linked group opposed to President Bashar Assad, it has been claimed. Having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the Yarmouk camp in south Damascus, the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online. He said more than 100 civilians have been either killed or kidnapped by the ISIS fighters whom he said now control about half the camp, adding that the priority now is to evacuate civilians.
Hard life: All three bears settle down for a nap after spending time playing in the calm waters of Kuril Lake in Kamchatka . Extra padding: The baby bear makes the most of its mother's thick fur as they dry off in the spring sunshine .
The latest official figures show that more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas .
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'. There were no [expletive] in W.L. until u came.'
Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
Isobel Attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday afternoon. Isobel wrote a message on Facebook last night, saying: 'Sorry for causing s*** for everyone. They believe she could be in the Winchester or Southampton area.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, from Madhya Pradesh in central India, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. Mahendra's mother Sumitra Ahirwar, pictured here with her son, says watching his life is 'devastating' His father Mukesh Ahirwar, 40, and mother Sumitra Ahirwar, 35, who both work as labourers when they can, say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition.
Candlestick park, which has been home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down . The area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center . Sir Paul McCartney performs live at the last event Farewell to Candlestick concert at Candlestick Park on August 14, 2014 .
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . But are any of them worth splashing your cash on?
A representative of the Long Island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained.' The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans, the American Association for the Advancement of Science reports.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. The Bruno Smartcan (pictured) uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders who signed an open letter backing the Conservative economic plan as members of the ‘1 per cent’. Business spokesman Chuka Umunna raised the stakes, suggesting that one, former Diageo boss Paul Walsh, should no longer take over as the head of the CBI. In a highly unusual intervention just weeks from the election, 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the Government ‘has been good for business and has pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation’. Early in his leadership, Ed Miliband alienated business chiefs with class war rhetoric and quasi-Marxist policies his opponents said would drag Britain back to the 1970s. Reinstating the 50p tax rate . Corporation tax reverse .
Mourinho's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal and left the field to chants of 'boring, boring Chelsea'. John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the league playing 'tippy-tappy football' and need to adapt . Former Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas walks off the Emirates Stadium pitch as Chelsea close in on the title .
Favourites: Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS have all been worn repeatedly during the pregancy . She has also sported a shirt dress from Jaeger and £99 print dress by Alice Temperley during her pregnancy.
As Philip Kingsley, a trichologist, explains: ‘Hair consists of protein, so eating sufficient protein is vital to strong, healthy hair.’ He suggests having protein at every meal. However, supplements or dietary changes won’t pay dividends overnight. ‘It usually takes more than two months for the hair follicles to begin to benefit from dietary changes and as hair only grows half an inch a month, it may take as long as six months before you begin to notice any changes,’ says Philip Kingsley.
Mark Selby fell victim of the Crucible curse and a rookie Scot with pots of class as Anthony McGill pulled off a monumental Betfred World Championship shock. McGill takes a shot on his way to victory against Selby at the Crucible in Sheffield .
Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held, though a spokesman for the Attorney General, Tony Spontana, told CNN Friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. It would cost an estimated $8,000 to $10,000 for Poulin to recast the statue, according to the Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost.
Jonathan Trott's first innings on his return to Test cricket for the first time in 17 months was brief and unsuccessful, as he was caught at first slip just three balls in. Jonathan Trott trudges off the field after being dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team .
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men . Incidentally, a new study from the University of Washington recently found that results like these are indeed contributing to gender bias, and perpetuating outdated views on women in the workplace.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19. But when the runner from Wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it. Manchester council had told him there was no record of the vehicle, which had a silver bike rack attached to it, being towed or impounded.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison, a system that was established in 2008 and allows mothers, like Jayla, to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
The mother of a primary school pupil who told a Labour MP he supported Ukip because he wanted to get 'all the foreigners out the country' has admitted she's embarrassed by the exchange. The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'.
Stella Maxwell, who is Irish but now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York, was this week unveiled as one of ten new Victoria's Secret Angels . Stella was born to Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat, and has lived all over the world thanks to her father's job .
The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said. The CCTV is clear and I am confident that members of the public will know his identity.
Ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the City Council was predominantly white, as is the police force. She will become the first black woman ever to sit on the Ferguson council. They felt a duty to vote this year.
They topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer Direct Line, followed by ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel. Parking charges and fines made councils in England a record £667million last year, according to figures from the RAC Foundation – up 12 per cent on the previous year.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history. ‘It was a big decision to make,’ said Balding. Reid, Claire Watkins and Wilson prepare ahead of the Boat Race next Saturday .
Under the proposals, unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving.
Benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image. 'It's the most sustainable and best-designed city of the Mediterranean,' said Mayor Agustín Navarro.
The researchers, whose work is published in the journal Nature Communications, then used the x-ray beams produced by the Advanced Light Source at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, to study the structural changes that took place in the skin. The researchers found the collagen in the skin dermis changes from being a disordered tangle (shown left) to line up in straight parallel rows (shown right) when skin is damaged to provide strength and tear resistance .
Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting. Warriors' No 30 made a staggering 94 out of his 100 attempts during the three-point drill .
The clip was uploaded by YouTube user honda4ridered. In another video the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot with no dominoes in the mix.
Exercise can increase the size of areas of the brain that contribute to balance and coordination, a study found . In the short term this could reduce mental fatigue and sharpen your thinking in between gym sessions.
He warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on September 18, 2011, he would throw them out. They said he was discriminating against them because they were gay, to which he replied: 'Don't make me out to be an a**hole.'
Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women. In the video obtained by TMZ, Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600 on the table' in his hotel room. 'So I'm taking pictures because I'm silly like that sometimes.' Britney Osbourne, 23 (left), and Quying Boyd, 34 (right), were both arrested in Phoenix along with Sapp .
East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter. They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. ‘They normally move away after 12 hours but this one is going to stick around for 24- 36 hours, which is unusually long for an East Coast Low.’ East Coast Lows draw strong, moisture-laden winds across the coast, which cause heavy rain to fall when they are uplifted by the hills and ranges that run parallel to the coast. East Coast Lows were common in the 1970s but became less common in the 90s,’ Mr White said. The SES is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW over the next two days .
Writing in the respected medical journal Pediatrics, they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. And children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight.
It is perhaps fitting that Hernandez was booked at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, a prison just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium where he used to play for the New England Patriots. The beginning of the rest of his life: Aaron Hernandez was taken to the MCI Cedar Juntion prison in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. Moving: Hernandez will be moved in the coming weeks or moths to the Sousa Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts (pictured above)
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old, and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. Long-lost: Mr Cain poses above with the old photograph. Gift: Andrea Ferrell, left, hunted down the old image for her beloved grandfather .
That appears to be the primary message of a biography, just published by the Taliban, of the reclusive militant who is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s. "There have been a lot of rumors lately about him.
Top tips: Dr Alex Russell shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours .
The Shoe that Grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . Children's feet grow incredibly quickly with those aged between two and six years old going up a size almost every few months.
Tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in South America, the tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world.
A man who was arrested at Luton Airport having landed on a flight from Istanbul has been charged with terror offences. Contrary to section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006. 'He is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today.'
Calais schoolgirl killer Zbigniew Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life, prosecutors said today. And why did he come to Calais?
In an exclusive interview Friday with CNN's Becky Anderson, Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar said Libyan authorities had not been consulted and, in any event, military action would not solve the problem. The European Union is looking after its own interests so we will also look after ours." But he said Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. The men were arguing over which phone was better, police said. The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body, and Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon, according to the police report.
The attacker was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off into the distance. Heroic ladies: Mrs Mason and her friend Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire, when an 'evil looking' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets .
Scott Keyes (above), a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . So he rounded up all his airline miles, and the points he had acquired on his 25 credit cards. In the end, he was able to book a vacation with stops in Mexico, Nicaragua, Trinidad, St. Lucia, Grenada, Germany, Czech Republic, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Greece, Macedonia, Lithuania, and Finland without having to pay more than a few dollars on any of the flights. In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. THE FIGHT FOR RACE . Jack Johnson v James J Jeffries .
The fish, which lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor, can whistle, croak and grunt.
But Selt came storming back in the evening session and reeled off eight off the next nine frames to go through to Wednesday's final qualifiers. Six-time world champion Steve Davis suffered a heavy defeat by Kurt Maflin in his qualifier .
But the Chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened Leicester. ‘The old and the young. Jose Mourinho watches on with muddy shoes just as his side scored against Leicester City .
Dr Erich Fischer, from the institute for atmospheric and climate science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich who led the study, said: 'Climate change includes not only changes in mean climate but also in weather extremes. While attributing individual extreme weather events such as hurricanes, floods and heatwaves to climate change is notoriously difficult, climate scientists have predicted they will become more common as the world warms.
The second oldest outfield player in the Premier League — 26 days younger than Everton’s Sylvain Distin — Duff is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of English football.
An Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto was forced to divert to Shannon Airport in Ireland last night after an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board. On touching down at Shannon Airport, the elderly woman was met by Irish police and taken into custody .
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
Discovery: Dr. Brandt was found by a friend inside his home early on Sunday morning having taken his own life . A police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon revealed Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself. Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning. According to the police report, Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. The police report says that Brandt's psychiatrist Dr Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him. Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was 'devastated' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt .
She died on April 15. In recent years the Classic FM DJ and former ITN presenter has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis, writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
Footballing legends Ronaldo and Zidane were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta to name a few.
(CNN)The parents of the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional, passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral, academics from Reading University found. Because milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet – providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake – switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, they warn.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator. Tiny tots: They currently weigh 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs .
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B. She runs the vintage website missbamboo.co.uk. Ursula Forbush, 48, is single. Every night I come home to my Sixties bubble, switch on my old record player, listen to some vinyl, and all the stresses of 2015 melt away.
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter-in-law’s home. The attack  in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after a heated argument over the couple's lack of children - with  Ujjal accusing Naunihal's son Yawinder-Pal ‘Monty’, 37, of 'firing blanks'. Today, Naunihal was jailed at Manchester Crown Court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
A family court judge ruled that the boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health. Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens.
(CNN)Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public, the Orioles announced Tuesday. Hall of Famer Frank Thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date. According to MLB.com, games have been postponed in the past because of security concerns.
The fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in Leeds city centre, which critics say are there to stop people  sleeping rough. 'Spikes have been installed, presumably to prevent people sleeping there.
It now lags behind only the ‘big four’ – Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons – and the Co-operative. The total market share of the ‘big four’ fell below 73 per cent, the lowest for a decade.
Disgraced: Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, a veteran teacher at Bergen County Academies in New Jersey, has been charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . On Thursday, DeWitt, one of the founding members of the renowned school, was suspended from his $105,000-a-year job and banned from campus, pending the completion of the investigation.
Ronny Deila has admitted Celtic will enter the Champions League qualifiers minus defender Jason Denayer. Jason Denayer (left) is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season to be assessed by their staff . That is up to Jason and the manager,’ Deila explained.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday but as these photos taken on Saturday show, the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once Technicolor landscape of lush yards, emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools. The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Some of the rules, particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and the use of tactics, appears to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters. Islamic State continue to launch new offensives, targeting the strategic Iraqi oil fields at Baiji and the city of Ramadi in Anbar province.
Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible. Sukumaran's fellow death row inmate, Andrew Chan, has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family. It has been confirmed that the two men will be executed just past midnight on Wednesday .
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons . The more significant problem is that City’s squad, constructed carefully and expensively, is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers.
Murder-accused teenager Heather Mack was today given the star treatment in the Bali prison where she is being held over her mother's death. The ‘body in suitcase’ teen and her baby received a personal visit from a government minister who offered extra comforts. He checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners. He said he had offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child.
England must have played against worse teams than this St Kitts Invitational XI but, after a day that descended into near farce, it is difficult to think of any. Liam Plunkett charges in as England reduced their hosts to 24 for six in farcical circumstances . James Tredwell (left) outperformed Adil Rashid in the contest to be England's Test spinner next week .
The fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2 - with the bout being billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Shock: Supermarket giant Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday . Here, retail industry veterans, plus Mail writers, identify what on earth went wrong .
John Lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover Christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign. The department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after December 25.
The Duke of Kent has been spotted leaving hospital with a walking stick after suffering a dislocated hip during an Easter trip to the Royal Family's Balmoral estate. He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged today.
Falling in love: Jaclyn Methuen caresses her new husband Ryan Ranellone's chin while lying in bed together on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight . Euphoric feeling: The 30-year-old is all smiles as she admits that she is developing a crush on her new husband . Making it work: The couple share a laugh after they return home from their honeymoon in Puerto Rico .
In some polls, he has scored in the low single digits in the state. He has, however, openly teased a presidential run.
The Uruguayan forward is a target for Manchester United but looks set to stay in Paris . 'There is too much talk about my future but I will remain here,' Cavani told Sky Italia after the Barcelona defeat. Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling Cavani this summer after his League Cup final goals .
Politics, cited interviews in which Ginsburg has referred to the American public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at same-sex ceremonies. She will get the chance to make her views known in the upcoming case of Obergefell v. Hodges, for which arguments will be heard from Tuesday and a decision is expected this summer. Pictured above are all the Supreme Court Justices. The liberal wing's four justices are expected to vote in favor of gay marriage, and could be joined by the more conservative Anthony Kennedy, who has often sided with liberals on issues of personal freedom, which would provide the five votes necessary for a majority.
A husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson confirmed  that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . The man faced Campbelltown Local Court (pictured) on Wednesday.
Peer pressure: 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends, many blaming the urge to 'show off' Nearly half of the participants (45 per cent) blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends.
While in Istanbul, I discovered many Facebook pages about illegal smuggling from Turkey to Italy by sea. I met a Syrian guy in a hotel in Mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days.
'I have always said to people that he is the best finisher I have ever played with. Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night .
AP McCoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy by Ian Wright at Sandown on Saturday . McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season .
FC Rostov defender Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after his side's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night, getting down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him. Novoseltsev's team-mates applaud as the happy couple share a moment to remember on the pitch .
But Bolt said he felt 'let down' by the American sprinter, and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect. Tyson Gay - Berlin 2009 - 9.69 . Bolt is the fastest man of all time, but Gay is close behind him and is now returning to the sport .
Louis van Gaal said that is is a great time to be a Manchester United supporter after they crushed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place in the Premier League and now look set for a return to the Champions League.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16 . She moved the Provo only a month ago . Lead: Salgado's uncle said his niece told him a boy had been bugging her to go on a date and that she made up having a boyfriend to get rid of him .
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort to give Arsenal a 2-1 victory in Saturday's semi final. Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final . That wasn't the case.
What does the future of travel hold? Think: biometric scanning, sustainable hotels and personalised bookings . It's believed that space travel will impact holidays of the future, becoming a reality for luxury seekers .
(CNN)A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. The behavior carried on for a number of months and on several occasions, the post states.
Located in the Eagle Nebula, Messier 16, researchers used the Muse instrument on ESO's Very Large Telescope (VLT) create the 3D view. They shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so. Based on the their present mass of about 200 times that of the sun, the Pillars of Creation have an expected lifetime of perhaps three million more years.
A disability badge holder who claimed he could only walk 200 metres ended up in court after council officials noticed a newspaper report recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike. Gregory was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work when he admitted dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities at Luton Magistrates' Court (pictured)
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50, several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. But we don't and trouble is Italy doesn't know how to exploit this treasure.
Makeshift airport: A Marine Corps helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing on a Southern California beach Wednesday morning . Emergency light: The CH-53E Super Stallion's crew landed on the beach in northern San Diego County after a low oil-pressure indicator light came on the in the cockpit . All good: No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station . The helicopter is the largest and heaviest in the U.S. military.
Selena: 20 years after her death . Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, Quintanilla said. But the new technology is a step forward, Quintanilla said.
"If the product is within the use-by date, it should still be recalled.
But it seems the Silverback at the Nebraska zoo was less amused. The gorilla then launches himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at the little girl, hitting the glass with such force it cracks. The incident took place at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo yesterday, and since it was uploaded to YouTube  it has had more than 126,000 views.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force . The prince will also time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment. A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchance for some time, and he was excited for a 'challenging and hectic' schedule .
It was a necessity in those early days, said John Jacob, the editor of a new book of Haas' movie photography, "Ernst Haas: On Set."
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Now her son Tom Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer K2 himself. The mountain I have come to climb is called K2.'
The meteorite that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia (above) created a bright light and noise that may have been similar to those experienced by Paul the Apostle in 30 AD, claims astronomer . Dr Hartmann also argues that the sound of the explosion could also have been the source of the 'voice' Paul heard. Paul's temporary blindness could also have been caused by the intense ultraviolet radiation from the meteor - creating a condition called photokeratitis.
Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata turns away to celebrate after scoring against Manchester City . Although he had been a popular figure at Chelsea, Mata could not convince Mourinho to keep hold of him . In his last five games, the Spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the Premier League: . He has always preferred to do his talking on the pitch.
Former Playboy model Annette Edwards holds her world record Continental Giant rabbit Darius aloft . Annette, who has owned 100 bunnies over the past ten years, says the art of giant rabbit-breeding is simple. Both parents have got to be big. Annette has held the record for owner of the world's biggest rabbit ever since. Is his title under threat?
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7.8 earthquake broke out.
Fresh fears were raised last night that Greece could exit the eurozone after it was claimed negotiations with its European creditors were ‘not working’. One Greek official has been quoted by the Financial Times as saying that if the European Central Bank did not play ball with the Mediterranean Eurozone member there could be no alternative to a default. Varoufakis has said that Greece is committed to making its repayments and accepts the fiscal restrictions imposed on the country but within reason. At the moment Greece is committed.'
Compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents following fears over expanding waistlines . He said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'.
England captain Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning . And Moores acknowledged that jobs are on the line in the Caribbean. Both Cook and Moores were keen to talk about the squad and not about Pietersen .
Teller Lake has become a giant fish bowl. The lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. An electrical current is put in the water in sections and the stunning brings the fish to the surface.
'Heartless': Tykeran Hamilton, 25, has been jailed for 11 years. An unlicensed driver fresh off a vodka and cocaine binge shouted 'watch this' before killing a great-grandfather on his paper round in a hit-and-run. Moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round, then drove away at high speed. Hamilton had been on license for the charges at the time he killed Mr Knight.
Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop. Opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, which was then the largest independent oil company on the West Coast, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s.
Newcastle playmaker Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season . De Jong, a £6million summer signing from Ajax, has made just three senior appearances for the club, the last of them in a 3-3 home draw with Crystal Palace on August 30 last year - his only league start to date.
The referee for Floyd Mayweather's clash with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next month will earn $10,000 (£6,800). The fight at the MGM Grand on May 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) with both fighters picking up huge pay days.
The Liverpool star has broken into the first team set-up this season, with some eye-catching performances at wing back or in a more attacking role. The midfielder showed off some impressive moves as he steps up his recovery from a knee problem .
Angry Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday after they were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma. Roberto Mancini has cancelled his Inter Milan players' day off on Easter and ordered them into training .
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011, wiretaps showed, Italy's state-run ANSA news agency reported.
Ed Miliband was accused of 'offensive' behaviour 'touching on racism' by a Sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the Labour leader, who had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs. Davinder Singh, an adviser to the Sikh Federation who attended the visit, said the attitude of the Labour leader's team went against the ethos of his faith.
Holly Beard, 24, and her fiance Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year. Holly Beard and Steve Hancock reached a combined weight of 41st after moving in together .
The Brazilian man shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life. Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia . He was sentenced to death by the Tangerang District Court in February 2005, and spent seven of his 11 years in prison on Nusakambangan.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. Her birth name is Jeffrey Bryan Norsworthy. Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
In a case that has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship, artist Megumi Igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has insisted he does not live in a 'mansion' – despite admitting it is worth 'between £2million and £3million'. Mr Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month 'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. The claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Plastic Jesus says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street . Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashians specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general .
The possibility emerged after the SPFL unveiled their post-split fixtures this morning. The Scottish Premiership leaders face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on Sunday, May 10 .
Perth Glory supporters, who set off a series of flares, will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC. Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10pm in Friday's clash at nib Stadium in Perth.
The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. There she was bludgeoned several times over the head with a large stone before being raped and left for dead.
imam, Abdul Hadi Arwani (pictured), was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death .
A part-time worker had the shock of her life after she was ordered to pay more three quadrillion pounds in pension contributions. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
1st generation: 3 April 2010 . According to CNN Money, sales for the iPad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 alone.
The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. Philippine President Benigno . Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective . The aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China Sea. ‘The concern is that they give the Chinese military the ability to project force and sovereignty much better into the South China Sea.
Lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par. Lincicombe and Long embrace after the former secures victory on the third play-off hole . This was Lincicombe's first LPGA tour victory since 2011 .
Marina Lyons, 80, took her beloved dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour. Not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when the burns were discovered . Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn, and is expected to have a skin graft.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque . The young baby elephant named Jazmine approaches its mother Rozie and starts clambering over her . Throughout the whole ordeal the 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile .
Well here's your answer as Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex. The Real Madrid players also have their name and image displayed on their personalised TV . The rooms contain a luxury bed along with Real Madrid-crested pillows, a fully equipped en suite, and a personalised TV which displays the player's name and picture. The Real Madrid assistant coach has also taken time out of his busy schedule to show off his personal compartment at the training ground.
Bath will look to their England contingent to lead the charge against Leinster in Dublin as they attempt to make amends for their Six Nations defeat at the Aviva Stadium last month.
Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England, and the majority have been ordinary at best. England have won four competitive games in which Carrick has started — against Ecuador, and then San Marino, Poland and Lithuania, all at home. Carrick was hailed after an impressive performance for England in their friendly draw with Italy last week .
I asked Sophie Claessens, our Vavista dietitian, to pick the 'miracle' foods from the fads... ACTIVATED CHARCOAL . The spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti, helping to boost weight loss . FREEKAH . Fermented foods, including pickled cabbage, act as a probiotic - encouraging the growth of 'good' bacteria .
When her mother - who hasn't revealed her name but posts videos under YouTube channel Fourth St. James - asks her why she has to move out, Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'. says Saige. 'This is way dirty, it has no space. My room is a disaster,' says Saige .
Raheem Sterling 'never once' told his manager Brendan Rodgers that he wants to leave Liverpool, and is focused on his football. Sterling gave an interview last week in which he suggested he was considering his future at the club, and the forward has not yet signed a new contract.
Could fragments of a tree survive millennia? Or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe? The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine, the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two . Broad (left) celebrates the dismissal of West Indies batsman Jason Holder on Wednesday .
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at May's upfront presentation to Madison Avenue advertisers. That was the last television series to feature the Muppets characters.
Players such as Borussia Dortmund's Mats Hummels (left) and Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba would prefer to go to one of Manchester City's Premier League rivals, according to Neville . 'The landscape has changed since City were able to blow everybody out of the water by paying big fees and big wages to sign the likes of Carlos Tevez, Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero and Samir Nasri.' Manchester City  travel to Old Trafford to face United in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. Brux then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. He also must pay over $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad . Former England star Andrew Flintoff thiks time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career .
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce claimed on Wednesday night that the SFA were ‘entirely wrong’ in their move to ban Josh Meekings from the Scottish Cup Final. Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory - an incident which also prompted Celtic to write to the SFA seeking ‘an understanding’ of why no penalty and red card followed. Meekings (right) celebrates Inverness's 3-2 win over Celtic in their Scottish Cup semi-final .
Reunited: Sir Stirling Moss sitting behind the wheel of the refurbished Austin-Healey Sprite . Success: The 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at Goodwood in 1962 . He said: 'I have half a bottle of wine a day, which fits in very nicely, and that's it.
Marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the St Petersburg ring road. Bazarov was sucked in towards the truck's trailer and knocked to the ground. Bazorov suffered two fractures to his legs and a pelvic area after the collision in St Petersberg .
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated. But three months later, it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced. Ted Wells will be going through the report.
James Lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test . Lockwood has spent the last three seasons with Featherstone after joining them from Dewsbury in 2012 and was in their team that lost 36-12 to Leigh in last October's Championship Grand Final at Headingley.
Steven Davis believes the fact so many Southampton players worked under Mauricio Pochettino could give them the edge in this weekend's vital match against Tottenham. 'It's nice to be in a position where we're having big games at this stage of the season and there's an importance on it.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
Manchester United's thumping 4-2 derby victory over City is the latest vindication for the methods of manager Louis van Gaal. Last season, Fellaini struggled to make an impact at Old Trafford and was heavily criticised by fans . Van Gaal has been dropping hints about his philosophy all season.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from Sydney home . The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in Darling Point . Mr O'Mara was paid $1,033,473 by his insurance company, Chubb Insurance after the theft.
Jasper (left) and Jasmine (right) will be 'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria . Valentines day: Their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always joked they were boyfriend and girlfriend . More than 300 people and 60 pugs are expected to attend the wedding, but Ms Herceg said virtual tickets for the live stream of the event can also be purchased by pug-lovers who can't attend in person .
And observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia. Casting those concerns aside, some social media users belittled Abbott's beer swilling.
Jodie Bredo, 26, (pictured) has been a professional Kate Middleton lookalike for the past six years . 'I spend £30 a month buying black eyeliner.
A widow has accused Southwest Airlines of leaving her 46-year-old husband to die in the bathroom when he suffered a heart attack on board. Distraught, Ilczyszyn's wife Kelly, who is a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act. Defending their actions, a Southwest spokesman said staff are trained to treat such behavior - screaming and crying in the bathroom - as a security risk.
DC Ciara Campbell (pictured) was an officer at Lancaster CID. An ‘obsessed’ woman detective used confidential police computer systems to spy on her firearms officer ex-lover and his new partner, a court was told. Liverpool Crown Court (pictured) heard Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 .
Humbled: Kim Kardashian seemed amazed to be inside Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday, the location for her daughter North's baptism . The image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church, which sits in the Armenian quarter of the city, the capital of Israel. 'Kim Kardashian's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church,' Shirvanian said, slightly perplexed by all the commotion.
The casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the T-shirt. The picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone. The photograph was taken using a camera mounted on a quadcopter drone - offering a whole new perspective on the incredible building.
Chilling: The three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen, before being shot in the head at point-blank range by the insurgents . A gunmen stands guard, in front of hundreds of local families who had come to watch the event unfold . The Taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an Islamic court .
Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues, but he showed in Iowa last week that he's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are anxious to avoid them.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days. The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd ship 'Bob Barker' has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship .
Then the gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it, he said. Even with the crack, the public was never in danger, he said, because the window has multiple layers of both glass and acrylic.
But after losing two thirds of his body wight in just five years Paul Mason now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of the unsightly rolls of skin he longer needs. The Brit, from Ipswich, Suffolk, managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . I can take that into this year.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic, which is $224 billion . At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years. Taxpayers account for about 87 percent of the direct costs involved in gun-related violence, Mother Jones reported.
At least nine pedestrians were killed by transportation authority buses last year, according to the New York Times.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there, some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line. Almost there: Disgruntled and disgusted fans uploaded pictures to social media revealing their trauma in getting to the bathroom .
A pair of turkey-sized ‘egg thief lizards’ dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock (pictured) in the mid-90s. Palaeontologists led by Scott Persons (pictured) believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones . They suggest that male oviraptors had broader and longer chevron bones in their tails so they could shake their feather-tipped tail to woo potential mates (illustrated), much like modern peacocks . Their mating ritual may bear some resemblance to that of small feathered dinosaurs .
And no wonder, this stunning city of marble palaces, ancient churches, canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love. The groom ordered five courses followed by two puddings. If you want to really get in the romantic mood, you could book out the suite where the Clooneys stayed on their wedding night... but it will set you back an eye-watering £3,000. A flotilla of boats escorted the Clooneys down the incredible Grand Canal, the dome of St Mark's Cathedral towers over the scene .
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claimed she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012. When the verdict was read out, the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it.' She then turned to her husband and, according to the Asbury Park Press, told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget her.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker Danny Ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League. Burnley striker Danny Ings is struggling for form at the moment and hasn't scored since February 11 . Burnley manager Sean Dyche insists that the rest of his players must help to relieve the pressure on Ings . David Jones had a great chance against Everton so the whole team has to step up to the plate.
Former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira expects his compatriot Jose Mourinho to remain in charge at Stamford Bridge for 'a long, long time'. Former defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea for a long, long time . Ferreira played for Chelsea for nine years after following Mourinho from Porto in 2004 .
Hog’s Breath Café in Aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad. Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake.
AP McCoy’s last chance of a National winner before he retires has evaporated after Benvolio, his intended mount in this afternoon’s Coral Scottish National at Ayr was withdrawn. McCoy will retire next week, but had been hoping for a final National success before Benvolio withdrew .
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty as Bayern Munich edged out Bayern Leverkusen to reach the German Cup semi-final - but was lucky to still be on the pitch. Neuer and Thiago Alcantara acknowledge each others' contribution as they progress to the semi-finals .
The 27-year-old (left) will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury .
The Chancellor warned of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at the mercy of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon. 'And every one less Labour MP means it's more likely that David Cameron will be the Prime Minister again.
The body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier, which are initially thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food. The most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose, an inquest was told . The dogs were subsequently put down on the advice of police officers.
Floyd Mayweather's spending habits are well known but his car dealer has revealed that the boxer bizarrely rang him at 3am to order a Bugatti - insisting the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours. The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later, and was added to his collection of impressive motors.
For six months Chris Rowe was plagued by an irritating cough. After suffering a persistent cough for six months, he visited doctors five times in two months. But he was sent home each time, reassured he was most likely suffering a virus.
Unwilling: The British Medical Association also found nearly two-thirds of GPs were not willing to join into larger groups to ensure one surgery in an area was open on Saturdays and Sundays . And 93 per cent said their heavy workload has negatively affected patient care.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks, which can spread potentially fatal diseases - such as Lyme disease - to humans . Professor Richard Wall, from the University of Bristol, will be part of a team studying the ticks, and says their numbers have soared in the last 10 years. Symptoms in dogs include lameness, lethargy and fever, which, if left untreated, can lead to more serious conditions such as kidney disease and heart failure.
In an interview with Times2, the 69-year-old actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. Mirren also said  revelations about celebrities from that era, such as Jimmy Savile, did not come as a surprise.
Celtic wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to Inverness, seeking 'to understand' how Steven McLean and his assistants failed to act on the Meekings incident.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . There is no-one on his shoulder, no-one breathing down his neck, no-one gaining on him up the hill.
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London.
Get Rid of Sids, which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign Sherri Tenpenny, has had its charity status revoked . Earlier this year, Get Rid of Sids Project ran into controversy when it invited Dr Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across Australia .
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season. Manchester City defender Lucy Bronze is the current holder Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award . She is England's all-time leading scorer with 46 goals to her name.
A terrified woman has revealed her estranged husband’s chilling plot to have her killed, not once, but twice. Angie Donohue has told how her husband of four years, Daryl Scott Donohue, 43, had tried to hire someone to kill her, even from the confines of his prison cell. The carpark was covered in CCTV cameras and he was caught in the act. They soon learned Ms Donohue's fear was justified as they learned he had tried to hire a hit man to murder his wife. Donohue is reportedly trying to appeal his second, seven-year, conviction however a hearing date is yet to be determined.
Hannah Overton (above wiping away tears with her daughter and son) will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son . A judge then granted Skura's motion to dismiss. He died a day later from salt poisoning. Late last year her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel, but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka was set to try her again .
Police estimated that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. "Yes, it has to be," she said.
The London Eye Hospital in Harley Street said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required .
Worryingly, the report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world. The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory. Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near Lake Ontario, New York. The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday, the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported. They released a statement after they heard his body had been found. In a eulogy seen by the Democrat and Chronicle, paid tribute his son. The police and coroner have yet to release a cause of death.
Here's ... Bernie! Ask the establishment why, and you will get a ton of finger-pointing at the tea party candidates who emerged as the GOP nominees -- Sharron Angle in Nevada and Ken Buck in Colorado.
Taken: Alondra Luna Nunez's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online . The Foreign Ministry said Mexican officials were carrying out a court order to send Alondra to Dorotea Garcia, a Houston woman.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. Today, Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he has no regrets about the incident, saying that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'.
Traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside when a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic . But a Renault driver wasn't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes from moving forwards .
Australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights. This is the latest cost-saving travel trend, with each night costing an average of $30. HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and the German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region in the biggest sign of the European Union's belated commitment to the cause. Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, whose country has been faced with almost daily tragedy as rescuers pluck bodies from the sea, called the EU measures 'a giant step forward.'
China has now updated the practice for the digital age -- launching a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping, and featuring his latest speeches, statements and publications. "This is the 21st century's Little Red Book," Lam says.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh, and contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen – that last month sparked such controversy for Mr Miliband – is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home. And it led to accusations that Mr Miliband lives an ‘Upstairs, Downstairs’ lifestyle last night as he was forced to admit that he needs two kitchens because the family nanny lives in the basement of his London ‘mansion’.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . Former England captain Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job of director of England cricket and Andrew Strauss is another possible candidate.
City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Sterling, who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal. Brendan Rodgers says that a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling .
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an SOS from the Red Devils. Watson, whose last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June, has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford after Salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury.
Dramatic arrival into the world: Baby Arley was born on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, on Tuesday, after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the Presidential motorcade . Vetter, a mother of five, approached the car Jessica Brown was in, and her husband said she was in labor. Resting up: An ambulance finally got through the traffic and was able to take Arley and his mom to hospital .
MCC reveals plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's, with completion scheduled for 2019 . The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of Lord's, the home of English cricket, to almost 30,000 .
The Alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling. While most resorts are categorised as 'low risk,' several top name hotels have been included on the Alliance's list of those to avoid. Among them, the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays (illustrated). A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, who was jailed for stabbing a young father, has been filmed partying behind bars . The footage also shows a stash of drinks bottles, crisps and biscuits being stored on a window ledge . Prison officers at Coldingley prison in Surrey reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run up to Christmas in December last year .
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, who turned 22 on Monday, had been planning to get married this month in Sichuan in southwest China. But Dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed, reported the People's Daily Online. Commitment: Guo arranged for professional photographers to come to the hospital to take the pictures .
Speaking to ITV today, Ms Watts spoke of the 'hell' she has endured since the murder, adding: 'I'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that I'm not going to see her.' Murdered: The body parts of Becky Watts, 16, were found at house in Bristol on March 2 and police charged her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, with murder . Everyone loved her.
Scroll down for video... Eye-catching: New England Patriots' coach Bill Belichick was caught ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday . John Legend wasn't as quick to forgive. Girlfriend-approved: As the media shamed the 4-time Super Bowl winning coach, his girlfriend Linda Holliday put in her two cents . She posted the shot with her optimistic message on Monday .
Fabregas' strike sparked jubilant scenes in the away end at Loftus Road, putting Chelsea within touching distance of the Premier League title and delivering a cruel blow to QPR's survival hopes. Meanwhile Ramsey's despair was evident as his side remained in the relegation zone, two points clear of Premier League safety.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated her 10-year-old West Highland terrier Ben was snatched from her garden in Knowle West, Bristol, earlier this month. She began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home, but shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500. The caller gave the address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she handed to police, who are now investigating.
And British photographer Julian John is equally as captivated by the incredible interiors of the biggest mosque in the Middle East. The breathtaking Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East . The gorgeous structure took almost 10 years to build - and more than 30,000 workers - and was only completed in 2007 .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach, Florida, Goldsboro police Captain Dwayne Dean said. The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, where he had previously studied, and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane. Daytona Beach is about 540 miles south of Goldsboro and it is not yet clear how Stancil traveled the there. On Facebook, he describes his interests as 'white pride' and calls himself the 'White Knight'.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. The north London-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
Unknown to the couple, Mark was secretly sending his friends text messages saying how much he hated his mother and began stabbing the punch bag in his bedroom while also becoming obsessed with the TV show Dexter, which is about a serial killer. 'He was a fanatic for the programme. Desperate to know that his wife was safe, he asked his father, Brian, to go round to the flat where he found Tina lying in a pool of blood while still on the phone to his son. Kris said: 'That night I just lay there.
Cancer-stricken basketball player Lauren Hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million. During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. But she still made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for others with her condition.
Antiquities looted from ancient temples and Buddhist sites in India have been found on display at the Honolulu Museum of Art after a tourist spotted they were sourced from an art dealer facing charges in India. Agents from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will take the items back to New York and, from there, eventually return them to the government of India.
Katrina Maddox, 23, pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday. 'I can't imagine there are many people who have both their children like this - it must be a million to one.' Mrs Maddox's labour with her first son, Reuben, was three hours long.
The National Guard's language, contained in internal mission briefings obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request, is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers' actions in putting down riots.
Two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off Florida . The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony .
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss (second right) claimed gender equality laws have ‘b*****ed up the game’ The commentator also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage . 'I'm told the Ladies Golf Union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in.
But Fowler couldn't resist naming an ultimate starting XI from players who featured during his era (with one particular Dutch striker treading a grey area!) Peter Schmeichel . Patrick Vieira . Robbie Fowler . Marco van Basten salutes as his AC Milan side took on Marseille in the 1993 Champions League final .
Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title . 'Hazard needs to bully defenders more, become a killer, somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him,' Neville wrote in his Daily Telegraph column.
The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the Anzac brand by the Department of Veteran Affairs ahead of April 25. The AFL won the right to use Anzac to brand its games and merchandise as it donated to the RSL . Penalties for misuse include a maximum of 12 months imprisonment for serious breaches, a $10,200 fine for individuals and a $51,000 fine for organisations.
The image, which has not been verified,  was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning:  'This child will be risk to you not just to us'. ISIS has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad, brainwashing them from a very young age.
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest, near Taiwan. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
His comments follow Pope Francis’s denunciation of the ‘senseless’ killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot. Their outspoken comments came as three people were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack in the north-east of Kenya, bringing the total number of suspects being held to five.
Real Madrid’s £2.3m, 16-year-old wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been dropped from the club's B-team Castilla because results drastically improve when he is not on the pitch. The Norway international might be benefiting from training with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale but it was not helping him become a cohesive part of the Castilla side. If Real Madrid Castilla fail to go up to the second division then Odegaard will be loaned out next season .
PGA teaching pro Chance Scheffing told CBS New York: 'I wasn’t sure if it was a Playboy ad, or if it was a Golf Digest ad.'
The Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations. It took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. They remained publicly undisclosed until last week. The State Department also reacted with term "absurd" after hearing of reports in Iran's press about the charges.
All eyes will be on Cristiano Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday. The 30-year-old hit five in Real's thumping 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far. Over in Italy, the papers focus on Juventus' 3-0 Coppa Italia semi-final second leg win over Fiorentina .
The sentences will be appealed. One of those sentenced to life in prison was Mohamad Soltan, a 27-year-old U.S.-Egyptian activist. "Your face, with its beautiful smile often grinning, now looks permanently in pain.
She is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in Darwin to troubled Nauru for years while her family's asylum claim is processed, lawyer John Lawrence said. The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration. Lawyers are fighting to stop the girl being sent back to the island .
This image shows some of the mysterious irregularly shaped hollows on Mercury's surface in greater detail . The above artist's impression shows Messenger as it orbits above the surface of Mercury. It is due to impact on the surface at the end of April as the planet's gravity slowly pulls it down out of its current orbit .
Battleground: Esther McVey, who won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436, has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the attacks . Yesterday the former GMTV presenter, who won in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436, insisted that she would not be cowered by the ‘misogynistic and sexist’ attacks that she said showed what the Labour party really thinks of women. The vile lyrics claim that Miss McVey ‘torments the sick and poor’, ‘is going to hell’ and that ‘the wicked witch of the Wirral’s had her day’.
But perhaps most damning for the United States -- and creating the "triangle of tension" at the summit --  Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has sided publicly with Maduro.
Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot in Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. Mr Lincoln, who runs a furniture upcycling company a interior design firm, said: 'I didn't feel any pain at all.
A hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed' criticising other hotels in the area. On hotel CCTV footage of the incident, a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside, apparently checking he is not being watched .
Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. James Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season . 'It depends on how well it goes.
As a non-banking institution, Google Wallet, along with PayPal and Venmo, is not legally required to be federally insured. But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
LaKenya Hall (above) of Kenner, Lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot . Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace.
An elderly woman is in critical condition after being run over by her husband as he smashed into three cars whilst attempting to parallel park. The driver, who was shaken but unhurt, was breathalysed by police as a precaution. No arrests have been made.
A post-dessert drink, Irish coffee (left) is best paired with a crumbly, hard cheese such as  Lancashire (right) Latte: Coffee made with espresso and steamed milk.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school. Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet. During the 2010 campaign, the London Bangla ran an advert accusing Mr Abbas of assaulting his ex-wife.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979 . Willett insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first Major of 2015 . The two-time European Tour winner added: 'The first one is always special.
Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott  of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. Embarrassing: The couple were arrested in April 2013 and accused of harassing and stalking another ice cream vendor in the small town in upstate New York . Testing times: Amanda Scott was reported to be a co-owner in Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business in Gloversville .
Luckless: Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years . A geography graduate has applied for more than 500 jobs - but has not been called for a single interview. As well as his BSc (hons) degree, Mr Davies, who lives in Merthyr Tydfil, also has three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV. He has also spent time teaching in South Africa, Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia, but says he returned home as he wants to live in the UK.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators. It has been available in England via the CDF since last March pending licensing. Each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin, costing £3,370 for a month’s treatment. Nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the UK each year, and it kills around 1,000 women.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain. Among the other Britons who have not been in contact with home since the 7.8 magnitude earthquake are a middle-aged married couple. He is still listed as missing. The parents of Matt Carapiet, 23, from Kent made an online appeal for him to contact them after he went missing in the wake of the crisis.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison, according to a law enforcement source close to the case. They deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days. Who is Odin Lloyd?
Adam Barker, who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012, is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal at Stamford Bridge to move the league leaders within two wins of being crowned champions.
And the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today after he was asked about a Duke study that claimed the earth isn't heating up as quickly as expected. He then added, without any nudging, 'And there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters.' The president is seen here on Wednesday, Earth Day, boarding Air Force One before departing from Florida.
That tough stance casts a further pall on two Australian drug smugglers, part of the so-called "Bali Nine." Here's a quick look at the other members of the group: .
This month, Kim and her husband Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the Kardashian roots. Las Vegas – February 2011 . Paris has become the reality TV star's new favourite destination after her hen do in the capital last year .
(CNN)The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month. But there is also a history of Congress causing significant trouble for important international treaties.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant, which they hoped would have given them a bright future together. However, last week Mr Jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live. The couple have now quickly moved the wedding forward and are now set to become the first to marry in  a ceremony at Torbay Hospital's chapel.
British company Swan, which sold its first iron in 1933, has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99. But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out. SUPER STEAMER . Impressive for the price. TURBO STEAM .
Life at the top, as it was then. Man City currently have a four-point lead over Liverpool in the race for the final Champions League place . But the context is different. Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games. The numbers are woefully inadequate. Manuel Pellegrini has come under mounting pressure following a poor run of results . Brendan Rodgers has masterminded Liverpool's return to form at the perfect time .
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers, the Labour leader said during an outing in Wirral West earlier today. He told Sky News: 'It's a big diversion. 'But it is not the main issue.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map (shown). It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Gary Teale has hit back at Ronny Deila’s criticism of the St Mirren Park pitch. But Teale insists the Norwegian’s criticism was unjustified and unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty.
Dick Advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at Rangers by playing down the significance of the Old Firm derby. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat insists he will not underestiamte the signficance of the Wear-Tyne Derby . 'Every game is a chance to get a result – and that starts on Sunday,' said Advocaat, who could start Adam Johnson for the first time following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge and her body was found in a canal five months later . Her body was discovered in Rochdale canal five months later, weighed down with a 20lb rock. The teenager's sister Kate described her family's struggle since Lindsay Jo's death as a 'life sentence'.
It changed the world with its flat-pack furniture and now Ikea wants to save the planet... with vegetarian meatballs. The company now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year.
Eugenie Bouchard's run of poor form continued as the top seed was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by American Lauren Davis in the second round at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston on Wednesday. Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke Bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset.
The family of  Stephanie Scott's accused murdered have offered their condolences to the Leeton school teacher's friends and relatives ahead of her funeral on Wednesday. Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland, just days before she was set to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. The accused killer's mother asked the mayor to pass on her condolences to Ms Scott's devastated family and fiance Mr Leeson-Woodley. The service to remember the life of the beloved teacher from Leeton will tragically be held at the venue intended for her wedding which was due to take place six days after she disappeared. The high school where she worked became a memorial site after it emerged Ms Scott had been murdered .
The 21-year-old (left) has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season . PSV Eindhoven won there first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. RUMBLE IN THE JUNGLE . George Foreman v Muhammad Ali . October 30, 1974 . The fight about which millions of words have been written and movies made. Astonishment around the satellite world.
And both have announced revived figures since making the change. Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. Figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion, and there have been warnings that shoppers are being ‘trained’ not to buy at full price, undermining profits.
Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters, which were hung on around campus earlier this week, after consulting with university officials. The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
According to El Pais, Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season. Everton defender John Stones was on Barcelona's list of defensive transfer targets last summer .
In a speech before the city's legislature, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam said that if approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Mysterious: The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in Van Horn, Texas, a way station along Interstate 10 . SpaceX and Blue Origin are among several U.S. companies engaged in the private space business. Both men have seemingly unlimited resources — Bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion, Musk's at $12 billion — and lofty aspirations: launching a new era of commercial space operations, in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets.
His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. Patrolman Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. Escape: Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows Walter Scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by Officer Michael Sager.
Mum-of-three Natalie Prescott, 26, with Harley, 5, (left), 19 month old Scarlett, and Saskia, 7, (right), nearly lost her legs after leaping off Appley Bridge Quarry, near Wigan, back in 2012 . But after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on Friday, Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
The 173 lots include the Issa dress as worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos, and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City. Bid time: 173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on April 28.
The 27-year-old will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer, after the Swede defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night. Groves will fight  Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title as he is the mandatory challenger .
Four years ago, a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly, 67. In fact, she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels. She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to have a titanium knee replacement .
The Flashgap app (pictured) is free for iOS and Android devices. Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event. Flashgap was  inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
The boxer posted this picture on Snapchat, while driving his car in the Fremont area of California near to San Francisco . But according to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence, which can result in fines or points on a licence, which if accumulated can result in a ban.
Shona Banda, 37, who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas. Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. No charges have yet been filed against the mother.
The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals. The 28-year-old has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk Gina Michelle (right) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . But despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend. Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released. she says.
Unknown: Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes . It is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Poland’s Lake District), and the most sparsely populated.
Terry Richardson is both one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry. And this week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission. Furthermore in 2010 one of the most disturbing allegations was made against Richardson.
And Mayweather, who is expected to get £120million for the fight, took time away from the boxing ring as he posted a video via his Instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection. Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600, which cost $210,000, to his collection of sports cars . The American takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 in the most anticipated fight in years .
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill .
Called the Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, it was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. Each e-corner can be controlled independently and rotated ±180 degrees about its axis.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico in California and claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who then hit him with a baton or stick. He says he also suffered multiple broken bones, including ribs, nose and sternum.
The Filipino icon will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in Los Angeles this evening under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach.
An outraged mom live tweeted her son's sex education class after becoming outraged by its abstinence only stance. 'The whole lesson here is "sex is part of a terrible lifestyle. The school has taken no direct action against Ms Dreger for the tweets.
Instant connection: Months after Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City. The pair eventually decided to meet up! They were mostly of this man taking selfies with an orange tree. The pictures that were being taken in China were automatically uploaded to Mr Stopera's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed, he began writing and Tweeting about it. Brother Orange surprised Matt at the airport, but the even bigger surprise was all the media attention .
The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works, the officials said. One official said it focused on parts of California where officials stepped up security, a U.S. official said.
Her 16-year-old daughter has now come to her defense on Twitter . The sponsor said the mother had allowed teenagers to drink and smoke marijuana in front of her before they played the game of Twister and she had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom. She then allegedly returned and used her sex toys in front of the teenagers and showed her daughter photographs of her having sex with her boyfriend,  Augusta Crime reported. Scene: After the party at her home in Evans, Georgia, pictured, she lost custody of her five children . Lehnardt has recommitted herself to her faith and her family,' he continued.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them, which can be fatal for the birds. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish  in their very own 'talon salon'.
The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, who cannot be named for legal reasons, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web'. He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack. The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month. A 16-year-old boy who was seized in an anti-terror operation after he tried to buy deadly poison on the internet has been spared jail after the court heard he wanted to commit suicide .
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. The campaign is already a success. By Wednesday it had topped its goal.
Ted Cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but the Republican presidential candidate said this weekend that he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want - even though they directly conflict with federal law. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
On a day which ended with Ibrox captain Lee McCulloch publicly apologising for a reckless red card, first-half goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic were enough to ensure the captain’s 44th-minute folly did not prevent Rangers securing an important three points against Championship title winners Hearts. Victory for Rangers moves them into second and continues their resurgence under Stuart McCall .
A mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night. Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. No arrests have been made.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9, which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable.
Nick Clegg is such a bad cook his wife Miriam only lets him do the washing up. Mr Clegg said the comments revealed Mr Farage's true nature: 'The mask is slipping. 'One moment he claims he wants to take his manifesto seriously and the next he is talking about fully and half black candidates. Mr Clegg claimed right wing Tories want to 'enter into coalition with Ukip, some of them want to bring back the death penalty, they want to ban the burka' Mr Farage - appearing on ITV's Lorraine this morning - has courted controversy throughout the election campaign, sparking accusations from Mr Clegg today that he was an 'odious Victor Meldrew' (pictured right) Mr Clegg claimed right wing Tories want to 'enter into coalition with Ukip, some of them want to bring back the death penalty, they want to ban the burka'. Mr Clegg insisted most people in Britain are 'decent and pragmatic', and that the Lib Dems are most 'in tune' with public opinion. But he admitted he faces a 'challenge' to turn that into votes after a devastating collapse in popularity since entering coalition five years ago. We're the guarantee that will not let the swivel-eyed brigade take over.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. The researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years. Other factors include viral infection, dietary habits, birth weight and early weight gain.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr - no relation to the disgraced NFL player - has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake’s murder case. Earlier this month, Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013. Bad bro-mance: Oscar Hernandez Jr (left), 24, said he was 'awed' by New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez (right) and 'grateful to be noticed' when the football player paid him $15,000 for three guns .
The former Chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against Andre-Pier Gignac in the first-half of Sunday’s game against rivals Marseille. Luiz limped off, and could now be a doubt for the Champions league quarter-final against Barcelona .
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985 . To McCall, the verdict of inquiry judge Sir Oliver Popplewell, who declared the fire had probably been started by a stray match, cigarette or pipe tobacco slipping through gaps on the floor on to a build-up of litter, remains the most likely cause of the tragedy. A 12-year-old Martin Fletcher is comforted by his mother Susan in 1985 after the Bradford Fire disaster . It has gone down a gap and then tragedy has struck.’ Former Bradford player Stuart McCall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident .
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season. Andries Strauss and Neil Cochrane applaud the crowd after Edinburgh reach the European Cup final .
Schweinsteiger did not train on Monday. Bayern said that Schweinsteiger's injury wasn't serious but he will miss the Cup tie on Wednesday . Bayern, chasing a repeat of their 2013 treble-winning season, saw their injury list grow even longer on Monday with reserve goalkeeper Tom Starke ruled out for four weeks after suffering an ankle ligament tear in training.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993, when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the Lamalunga cave, deep under the town of Altamura.
Luke Shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on Good Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . Police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on Friday. A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Lake Eildon, near where Luke went missing: Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day .
Jamie Richardson, 38, from Lancing, West Sussex and Daniel Taylor, 37, from Worthing, West Sussex, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court. The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them. The Royal Gazette reported that at the hearing the prosecutor reported the two men to be intoxicated at the point of boarding the the Boeing 787-8 at London Gatwick at around 9.40am on Sunday morning.
The baby foxes are being looked after after they were discovered in a cardboard box, left by a clothing donation bin in a car park . Katherine Uhler, director of the center, said the little creatures -  five males and two females - were healthy but dehydrated when they arrived.
The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 having been 2-1 down at the break. Paul Walsh scores  in April 1995 - the last time Man City won having trailed at half-time in the Premier League . Alan Shearer celebrates for the eventual Premier League winners after scoring the opener on seven minutes . Here are more shocking stats which shame Man City... Swansea have earned two more Premier League points than Manchester City since selling Wilfried Bony .
An infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the imposing castle, which towers above the town of Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border, at peril. Threat: Hay Castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames . The damage is caused by their larvae, which burrow inside the wood, weakening them as they go.
Under the pact, no public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday, as it does this year. Western Australia and some public servants in Canberra have decided to go it alone and will get Monday off. Mr Dundon said bosses should expect a 20 per cent-25 per cent rise in absenteeism on Monday 27. In turn, some businesses have notified staff that if they they fake a sick day, they risk losing their job.
Private matter: Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits .
The Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside Helsinki after twice detecting the presence of a foreign object. A Finnish coastguard ship tracks the underwater object - believed to have been a Russian submarine - in the waters near the capital Helsinki .
Ten former Atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. If the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal, and former administrators would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine, according to the AJC. Former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $1,000 fine. Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools, with nearly 180 educators involved, and investigators found teachers who tried to report it faced retaliation.
In addition to the arms embargo, it also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism, according to Grant. Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko – a trainer with over ten years’ experience – of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong. After a count of four the dog named Teeny leans out and gives the trainer named Eric Ko a kiss .
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick . A lawyer working for Kassick's family who has seen the video, Christopher Slusser, said it 'leaves nothing to the imagination'.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. He is also never allowed to use the bus again.
Widow's rampage: Amanda Taylor (left), 24, has been charged with murder after she allegedly stabbed her former father-in-law Charles Taylor (right), 59, in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, Rex (pictured right) 'Accomplice' turned victim: Sean Ball, 32, who is also facing charges in Charles Taylor's death, was seriously wounded when police say Amanda Taylor turned on him as the two were fleeing police . Blame game: The 24-year-old mother of two reportedly blamed her father-in-law for introducing Rex to drugs at age 15 . Sometime before her arrest, Amanda Taylor again took to Instagram. Ms Roebuck also said that the 24-year-old and her late husband had had an obsession with death and the macabre.
1 cup rolled oats. I quit sugar: Sarah Wilson's sugar-free recipe substitutes golden syrup and sugar for rice malt syrup . Chocolate-coated: Food blogger Not Quite Nigella's pimped-up variety features chocolate and macadamia . Give these raw version of the classic recipe a try .
Responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office, Obama told NPR Morning Edition host Steve Inskeep that such an approach 'would be foolish.' Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them.' Obama's jab at Walker, the governor of Wisconsin, departed from the White House's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president, who is prohibited by the Constitution from seeking another term.
Following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef, authorities in the city have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law. Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
For the first time, the Government's drug regulator - the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) - has approved a remedy containing a traditional Chinese herb. The product, Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief, contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Tokyo (CNN)A former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women -- some of them girls as young as 14 -- during repeated visits to the Philippines over more than a quarter of a century, according to police.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. Fame Game: Lindsay Lohan also launched her own game, The Price of Fame . In the style of a Magic 8 Ball, the actor's app allows befuddled users to ask him for advice.
Today it's the norm to order taxis using an app, but now a service lets its users schedule a delivery of drugs to their door. The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
Baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall. When they were then given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret. The graphic above shows the reactions of the babies after seeing magic tricks that defied their expectations .
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs on November 12 of last year. Arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face. The suit, filed in Clark County District Court, said: 'Defendants ... refused to intervene.
The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
The Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool, and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences. The quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms .
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. He said he rationed food and water and kept his calorie expenditure low. God is truly great.'
Marc Carn, from Plymouth, Devon, was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends near to Las Ramblas on Saturday night when he suddenly disappeared. He has just walked in to the British Consulate to say he was stranded.'
Patrcik Bamford (centre) scored in Middlesbrough's  their 2-1 Championship win over Wolves on Tuesday . Bamford reels away in celebration after netting his 19th goal of the season in all competitions for Boro . The 21-year-old's (centre) sparkling form has led his parent club Chelsea to open talks over a new deal . Bamford is currently one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge - five of which are rival frontmen - while academy forwards Dominic Solanke and Isaiah Brown have already won elevation to the senior set-up.
The two sets of maps, compiled by cartographer Trent Hare, include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. To create the maps, Mr Hare used more than 6.5 billion measurements collected between 2009 and 2013 by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Wide Angle Camera (Wac) and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO)
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. The star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun, although it is masked by a black cloud of space dust.
Josh Harrop starred as Manchester United secured a hard-earned victory against West Ham United to go four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League. Adnan Januzaj captained Manchester United Under 21 as they went four points clear at the top .
Today, Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. Much of it makes for grim reading. Those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family, suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq, where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants. Hanan is now recovering at the Shariya refugee camp in Dohuk Iraqi Kurdistan, where hundreds of other Yazidis have fled, but says she shakes with fear every time she sees 'someone with a beard'.
Labour candidate Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband and then joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to the Labour leadership . Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000 if he is elected on May 7.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close, they believe.
The female driver in a Toyota Aygo pulled in front of Colin Kay as he was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year. The collision was captured on film as Mr Kay had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash. Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the driver who ploughed into his car will not face any further action after the investigating officer went off sick .
Obese Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital . he first crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient. A larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour. One neighbour said: ‘I thought the flats were on fire, there were so many vehicles.
The Pakistani government condemned Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism." "The concerned security agencies of Pakistan are actively investigating this incident, which took place on Iran's territory, and have asked Iranian authorities to share with us any evidence that they have," the government said in a statement Wednesday.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials, a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman said.
Canadian Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago, who according to her online profile lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company. Mr Malone claimed it was love at first sight when he saw a photo of 'RiLi', who said her real-life name is Rebecca during their correspondence. Wild goose chase: Mr Malone has not been able to track down the woman, who calls herself 'RiLi', and is unable to contact her after the website they use to communicate was shut down .
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd Place and Eastern Avenue in Seat Pleasant Wednesday night. On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as Stokes' "history of non-compliance." On Tuesday, Stokes carjacked someone at a mall, kicked in the door of a home in Roswell, Georgia, and fired a shot at an elderly woman, who called 911, said Roswell police spokeswoman Lisa Holland. Stokes lost control of the car, hit a pedestrian and then a pole, Holland said.
Now, for the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells.
(CNN)Former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. News of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences, including from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott. "As a player his record has withstood the test of time.
It is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in every 15 bull rides ends in an injury of some sort. Starting small: The youngest children hone their skills on sheep before graduating to calves .
Reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool's Day. If you press it, the timer resets to 60 seconds. Once the lock is clicked it will expose The Button. It is not known how long The Button thread will remain live.
In what Pacquiao's promoter, Bob Arum, dubbed the "fight of the century," disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated Las Vegas event. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month's fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
The Ukrainian superstar will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick Philadelphian at the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York. WBA, WBO, IBF and IBO champion Klitschko hasn't shown any signs of decline in recent times despite being just a year short of his 40th birthday.
Irate: Andrew Odell tweeted Aldi a series of messages after discovering the mouse inside the packaging of his loaf of bread. Aldi said it had contacted Mr Odell and was investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency' The company responded today by saying it was looking into the incident.
The Idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US, letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
Charged with four offences: Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson arrives to answer bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham yesterday . Sunderland signed him for £10million in 2012.
The 12-tonne double decker bus (pictured) broke down on its way to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent - and the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand . 'A few passengers got out to help too.'
Steven Gerrard (left) and Phil Jagielka (right) released 96 balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield . Thousands of fans joined families  at Anfield for the 26th Hillsborough anniversary memorial service, along with the Liverpool squad . Flowers are laid at the side of the pitch to remember the 96 people who died at Hillsborough .
Charges against the suspect are pending, and his name will be released once charges are filed, Ort said. "We are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha this morning.
David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares if he wins the Election – in what would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the Thatcher era.
Condemned Bali Nine pair's ongoing battle to spare their lives has moved to Indonesia's constitutional court, a challenge that has been labelled as a delay tactic.
The reference to 'polite' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea, a region of Ukraine, last year. To commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War, a special edition aviator jacket has been produced.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington. Moment of truth: Simon is shown here edging ahead of Pepiot, whom he beat by a tenth of a second .
Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons’ private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients. Islanders claim the death from pneumonia of Karen, 52, in January prompted the investigation, which then uncovered three more deaths of concern – including that of retired stonemason Colin, 63, who died of heart failure in May.
Pilot: The man who piloted the gyrocopter and landed on the West Lawn, 61-year-old Doug Hughes, is 'lucky to be alive' and 'should have been blown out of the air,' Chaffetz said . Chaffetz said security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. A 'judgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, Chaffetz said. Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down Hughes . Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the London Stock Exchange will not affect his squad's promotion push. Rangers this week announced six-month losses of £2.6million for the second half of last year . McCall admits he was gobsmacked at the news Rangers will have to pay Newcastle £500,000 if promoted .
Mr Caudwell, 62, claimed visitors to his 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. Tycoon John Caudwell says the room is where the boy died .
Myuran Sukumaran (left) and Andrew Chan (right) will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad at the stoke of midnight on Tuesday . The confronting decisions continue for the death row inmates with the opportunity to choose whether to stand, sit or kneel before a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three will have live rounds. The Australian men will be given a maximum of three minutes to calm down before being shot in the heart . Three shooters will have live rounds while nine other rifelemen will have blanks . Then the doctor withdraws .
On FM, Norwegians can only find five stations. On the Digital Audio Broadcasting network, there are four times that number.
Over an 18-month period, the team studied the content and deletion rates of 40 million posts and 100 million votes posted by 1.7 million users across these sites. From this data they were able to divide users into two groups. Posts made by antisocial web users, or trolls, are less readable in terms of language and coherency.
Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against an ex-girlfriend. In his request, Getty said he had been diagnosed with a serious medical condition in 2013.
Celtic left back Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title . Celtic are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen . ‘To not have a Scottish Cup final to look forward to is so hard. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings .
Muller-Wohlfahrt claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night's 3-1 first-leg defeat in Portugal which left their Champions League hopes hanging by a thread. Muller-Wohlfahrt (fourth from left) sits behind Pep Guardiola during the defeat on Wednesday evening . Muller-Wohlfahrt comes to Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben during a Bundesliga game last month . Speaking at a press conference on Friday, Guardiola said: 'It was his decision to leave, I respect his decision. Like me, he must trust his methods and rely on his advice. Bolt is in Safe Hands.
Olynyk's right arm became entangled with Love's left arm. Love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder. 'I have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose,' Love said.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana, said Assistant District Attorney Chris Bowman, spokesman for the district attorney. Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to Los Angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there (file photo) His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
Ashley James, who starred on Made In Chelsea, models the bold new Jessica collection .
These hilarious images show the moment a frisky tortoise scupper his chances while trying to mate with a female. The amusing moment was caught on camera, by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo. Flat on his back, the tortoise lost his balance when the female moved away -  and he had to scrabble in the mud .
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool in an FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . The youngster has met Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and could play this summer .
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii. Retrieved: Among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring . His favorite discovery was a trumpet shell. Four crates of recovered artifacts weighing nearly 1,200 pounds were delivered to The Kauai Museum in March.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, was found guilty of attempted murder after his wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back at their home in Polegate, East Sussex. Nick Gunn: He had affairs with women on his rounds .
Despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women, Mike Holpin still has an active online dating profile . I'd rather be related to Hitler than to him.' Keeping track: Mr Holpin, from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire, shows off his family tree tattoo - which includes his children and grandchildren . On top of this, he has claimed at least £675,000 in benefits himself. Never stop. One said he had ‘padded’ his numbers by including his ex-partner’s stepchildren.
The kingpin of a violent drugs gang who planned to spend his money on new teeth, liposuction and a facelift has been jailed for 12 years after being caught out speaking about the illegal operation in Welsh. Prosecutor Jayne La Grua read excerpts from a phone call between Thorman and fellow defendants Richard Broadley, 34, of Colwyn Bay, and Adam Roberts, 33, of Caernarfon, in which Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron. He told his then girlfriend and fellow defendant Yasmin Owen, 25, of Caernarfon: 'We're going to take over Wrexham... Wrexham's like 10 times the size of town (Caernarfon). Thorman admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine and cannabis. Thorman was jailed after he admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine (pictured) and cannabis . Caernarfon crown court heard Thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales .
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend . He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle . The 19-year-old said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity . Mr Muggeridge believes it could have been world record size but he wasn't able to accurately measure the beast .
Last summer the Old Trafford outfit announced that they had signed a £750million deal with Sportwear giant adidas to make their kits for 10 years starting from the 2015-16 campaign. The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years ith the 20-times English champions.
Spanish Pablo, 27, and Latvian Ilze, 31, who met in Riga in 2011, are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road. Usually they pitch a tent under the stars and camp (161 nights of the 256) but also use hosting websites such as Couchsurfing (66 nights) and Warmshowers (44 nights). Per person, per day . Pablo shows off the huge amount of gear he and Ilze need to carry as they work their way around the world .
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat. His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease and was in poor health. Mr Sears's family challenged the will but agreed a £50,000 settlement in August after they were told legal costs in the case could reach six figures. His estate included his three-bedroom riverside flat in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, and £400,000 in shares and cash.
The work titled Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman's ignoble pursuit of two women. His claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century, including from the great poet Alexander Pope, who had considerable clout. But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer 'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author. The study applied psychological theory and text analysing software and goes beyond confirming authorship by word counts and linguistic regularities.
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy (above) would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . Hardy (above) was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder . Holder (above with hardy) told police that Hardy choked her, slammed her against a bathtub, threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his condo .
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder . The Manor driver is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday .
Who last saw her? Goodacre: This is one of the great mysteries about the character!
Keeping David de Gea at the club would be the biggest signing Manchester United could make this summer, says Phil Neville. The Spanish keeper has impressed for Louis van Gaal's side this season and has heavily been linked with a move to Real Madrid, who are looking for a long-term replacement for Iker Casillas.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images  to remember those who fought for their country, which it then branded with its logo and a 'fresh in our memories' slogan. Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign. Pull the campaign and apologise!'
The video begins with Sadie the Springer Spaniel barking and interacting with the Husky named Sky . The three dogs point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony . The owner calls for quiet and the dogs stop howling and look at him in surprise .
Mr Cameron denied that he and the London Mayor have been political rivals for decades. But he admitted that Mr Johnson had, until recently, seen the PM as his competition. Boris Johnson has 'suddenly realised' that David Cameron is not his 'competition'. He was ferocious.
England centre Brad Barritt will captain Mark McCall's side against at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard . Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances .
Countdown to the exam season: A new study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University found a direct link between anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades achieved . Buy flashcards, post-it notes and highlighters! Be positive! HOW CAN PARENTS HELP WITH REVISION? SHOULD YOU PAY FOR EXTRA TUITION? Bribes aren't necessary.
A nine-year-old girl is pregnant after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of Isis militants in northern Iraq, aid workers report. Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq after being taken by Isis militants last June.
I was at the SculptureCenter in the New York borough of Queens, a spot dedicated to all things modern and avant garde. Stunning: The Gullfoss Waterfall in Pingvellir National Park is a short hop from Reykjavik . Brilliant: The Museum of Moving Image is set to become a New York must-visit - well worth going to .
"Also, the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Son Michael Upright said he knew his father would enjoy the request. "So sorry to hear about Larry, but I am still voting for Hilary!"
Mario Valencia (above) took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . The stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun . He was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle . The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene .
'Plus-size' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week. Dangerous: Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk, with agents and fashion houses to face fines and imprisonment if they don't comply .
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space (illustration of a satellite in orbit shown). It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere .
The shootings were connected, authorities said. Officers picked up the chase, and the suspect fired gunshots at multiple locations, Lanier said. Lanier told reporters the kidnapping victim was located and is in good condition.
(CNN)As Saudi forces pounded southern Yemen with a fresh series of airstrikes Wednesday, Houthi rebels called for peace talks. The Saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway, Operation Renewal of Hope, focused on the political process.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland . The champion jockey could have ridden Alderwood or If In Doubt, who both also carry the colours of his boss JP McManus. I hope it dries up a bit, it is soft to heavy which wouldn’t help.
Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night .
The spacecraft  that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Roscosmos, the Russian Federal Space Agency, said Wednesday. Russia lost contact with ISS Progress 59 during a resupply mission to the International Space Station.
John Axford, right, has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies. His son was bitten twice in the yard of the house his family rented in Scottsdale for spring training. The Axford family will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver so that Jameson, center, can have more treatment . Axford will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week.
Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video, shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber, shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. The monkey tilts its head back and begins gulping down the water, spilling very little of the liquid on its face .
Police were called to Boonies Bar  in West Palm Beach on Friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment. She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert. Homeland star Damian Lewis played Henry VIII in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of Sir Thomas Cromwell in King Henry's court .
Bradley Johnson celebrates after firing home a second-half winner at the Amex Stadium . Johnson shoots at Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale's during his side's 1-0 win against Brighton . In the away technical area, Neil cut an irritated figure.
The 26-year-old woman, Laura Alicia Caldero, claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen when armed police forcibly removed her. The woman's friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70 .
Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's Carrington training ground. He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions. The Manchester United boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex .
It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round (shown). And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. Several have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight. Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, pictured, and breast reduction surgery, while smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS .
Joe Root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies . Jonathan Trott cuts before the ball can reach Windies captain Ramdin's gloves on his way to 59 runs in the first innings . But if Ballance was busy then Root roistered along, reaching 50 off 69 balls and 100 off 125. This was his England record-equalling sixth successive Test score of 50 or more, a landmark shared with Patsy Hendren, Ted Dexter, Ken Barrington and Cook himself. An annoyed Bell has to make the long walk back to the pavilion after being dismissed for a disappointing one run .
The under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s, as they quickly climbed the rungs of the career ladder . In the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs, compared to only 1.2 per cent of 50-64-year-olds .
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. Incredibly, she said Jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration. He survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil. He was released from the hospital on Friday. To us it's just a miracle. We're just so thrilled that he was found alive... At sea: Jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in Conway, South Carolina, before he told his family he was 'going into the open water' to go fishing more than two months ago .
A father has admitted killing his 13-year-old son by giving him a morphine tablet when the boy complained that he was feeling ill. Kevin Morton gave his son Kye Backhouse an extremely strong painkiller, a court heard - a mistake which he says he will 'have to try and live with it for the rest of my life'.
The kits, which can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops, are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns. The rise of the DIY kits come as British Dental Health Foundation revealed last year that one in five people admitted they would carry out DIY dentistry, including pulling out their own teeth, because they can't afford to go to the dentist.
It is vast, remote, unworldly. The high peaks of the Andes frame it in the distance, some glistening with snow. Local life: The ingenious floating Uros Islands in the middle of Lake Titicaca are made from totora reeds . A glimpse of traditional Peru: You can meet Uru islanders, and go inside their homes, on the lake . Another excuse, as if you needed one, to visit this wonderful place.
Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes and join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season .
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her. Take-down: Johnson says that Keith was resisting him, so he threw her to the concrete of the parking lot . 'She was absolutely unconscious. Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties. The incident is being investigated, and Johnson remains on the job.
Tavon Watson was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida. Tragic: Gary Terry, 36, died and his driver was hospitalized after their Lamborghini crashed at Disney world . The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision.
(CNN)It was a typical practice day for the Washington University of rowing team, but then danger came from beneath. Watch iReporter Benjamin Rosenbaum's video above.
The body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon. A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, Jean Paul Getty III, never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping. Other members of the supremely dysfunctional family became embroiled in decades long lawsuits and divorces, always over money.
Mundo Deportivo report that a marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture, which is inspired by the NBA All-Star Game between the Western and Eastern Conferences. Barcelona's Brazilian star Neymar could also feature in the proposed All-Star match .
A Labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a £1.5 million home. Michael Foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in the Camborne and Redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin who is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow.
Ian Merrett, 28, is astonished that Poppy Smart, 23, did not take it as a compliment, which he says has helped him 'snog loads of girls' in the past. He said: 'I'm sure if she walks past again and she is lucky she will get wolf-whistled again. Mr Merrett, who was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for affray, also accused her of damaging the reputation of his trade and 'hard working' builders by trying to get them prosecuted.
A would-be cage fighter accused of beheading a great-grandmother in her garden has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Dressed in black and flanked by three security guards, he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving the same reason. She was found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road, Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes for a series of five one-dayers as soon as May . Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009 .
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013. In court: Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. walks out of the Federal Courthouse in Seattle on Thursday after he pleaded not guilty to illegally possessing a firearm. His son Jaylen used the gun to kill four classmates last year . Gunman: Jaylen Fryberg, a freshman, shot dead four of his classmates then himself last October .
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading . Welbeck expects a tough test as Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row . But the formation we play at Arsenal, you’re playing on the left or the right. It’s much easier doing that than playing left midfield or left wing in a four-man midfield. How did it feel to score at Old Trafford?
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington. Simon edges past Meriot as the pair approach the line, eventually beating him by a tenth of a second .
'Live from the bus before the match! Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane captured the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . Fans greeted the team coach as Real arrived for their Champions League second leg with Atletico Madrid .
Wednesday night's Champions League quarter-final second leg will be the eighth time the two teams have met since last season's final, with Diego Simeone's men emerging victorious on four occasions over the previous eight months. Cristiano Ronaldo couldn't find the back of the net as Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid last week . Real Madrid have not beaten rivals Atletico since victory in Lisbon, losing four games and drawing three .
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water. In the last fatal shark attack in New Zealand waters, Auckland film-maker Adam Strange, 47, was killed at Muriwai on Auckland's west coast in February 2013.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, according to Mike Weimer from the city's emergency management agency. He said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Top of the list is 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam. IS claims the list of 'religious punishments' is a 'warning and deterrent' to the kufr, or disbelievers and infidels. The new list of religious punishments pertains to the IS-controlled province of Aleppo and claims to be based on Sharia law.
The medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday. The Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'. The move came as staff were forced to treat patients in the hospital's corridors.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW. The parents of missing William Tyrrell, who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring, have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing . This comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished. Little William's mother frantically searched the house, opening cupboards and yelling out, 'You need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are' in the moments after she found she couldn't hear her son. William had been in the front yard of his grandmother's house in Kendall, on the NSW mid-north coast, when he disappeared in September last year. She said she hoped whoever had him was looking after him.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Saturday's Barclays Premier league clash with Hull because of an ankle injury. Hull boss Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Southampton. Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out after his red card last week while Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic are also both unavailable.
The car-crazy brothers from Port Canaveral, Florida, started  building versions of the vehicles they most loved for their own enjoyment four years ago.
Seven-year-old Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty, in a botched murder-suicide. Christopher Swist - father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating Jessica McCarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball. Their love of the sport was so strong that  Palm Bay City Council has renamed a little league field in their town 'Angels' Field' in memory of the children. Jessica McCarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred on March 20.
'I think the French teams sometimes doubt themselves. 'We played the Italian way - it's solid, it's ugly, but it works. Meanwhile, Evra's has urged compatriot Paul Pogba not to be tempted into a swift comeback from injury, after the 22-year-old was ruled out of action for 50 days when he injured a hamstring in the last-16 victory over Borussia Dortmund. 'He must not rush his return and instead have faith in the medical staff.
The National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts. The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body, the Middlesex District Attorney's Office said in a statement. The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien, 26.
The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two and are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone. Carlisle United boss Keith Curle has laid into his players following their dismal 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley .
In the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy, Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day!
McCoy was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright - McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic . McCoy, 40, finished third. The Irish jockey (left) was unable to leave on a winning note as he raced on the aptly named Box Office . Time and again in interviews on Saturday, he said the thing uppermost in his mind.
Caught on camera: Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . The incident occurred just after 11am on Monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 Martin Luther King Way South.
On its website, the NCAA prominently states, "It's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn, play and succeed." The lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history. UNC claims it is protected by state law.
Floyd Mayweather counts his money, the boxer has earned more than $400million throughout his career . Floyd Mayweather uploaded the above image to his Instagram account of his Ferrari Enzo . Mayweather is reportedly partial to a New York shopping spree where he spends thousands . PRIVATE JET . Mayweather during an interview with ESPN before his fight against Manny Pacquiao . Mayweather takes a trip to the casino to spend some of his hard-earned money .
Punished for compassion: On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a fine to local chef and activist Joan Cheever (right) for feeding the homeless at Maverick Park . Wrong truck: Cheever, the founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact . Religious freedom: Cheever accused police and city officials of violating her freedom of religion because she considers cooking and feeding the poor a free exercise of her faith .
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
It comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field of the islands. The find, announced by British firms that share the exploration area (Premier Oil, Rockhopper Exploration and Falkland Oil & Gas), could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory. It comes just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a 'very live threat' from Argentina.
Wearing a blonde wig and a pink jacket, Carson took on the role of Olivia Newton-John’s character Sandy, while Savannah, in a leather jacket and sunglasses, was Danny, originally played by John Travolta. The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia’s Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle, which premieres tonight, and was the inspiration for the Today hosts’ colorful performances.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Brazilian forward Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina .
Tim Sherwood said his Aston Villa team ‘bamboozled’ Liverpool and paid particular tribute to Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish, the teenager who shone on his Wembley debut.
Round up: The broadcast, hosted by a man with an American accent, boasted of ISIS victories during the day. It also boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying an 'idol' and so-called 'martyrdom operations'. : Is the latest English medium to be used by ISIS - they already have an English magazine .
Real estate in London's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye. Of these, Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital -- typically spending between $22 and $37 million on securing a property, according to luxury property agents Beauchamp Estates. And experts are expecting this trend to continue. "It is going to be the African century.
The clip, which was created by HLN's The Daily Share, illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women and then revealing the price differences. Scroll down for video . One of the few equal prices found by the video's creators was, of course, on a unisex American Apparel shirt.
Doherty, who lifted the title in 1997, trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. Graeme Dott is a former world champion, winning the showpiece event at the Crucible in 2006 .
Anti-bullying: Turnham Primary School - led by executive headteacher Selina Sharpe - sent out an agreement for all new children to sign before they start in the new academic year . ‘On behalf of the governing body I would like to sincerely apologise for any offence or distress caused to our parents and pupils.
Vocal session: YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action - footage shows the tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted .
Stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth, the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole. The Colombian followed Nicklaus with an ace on the fourth and also managed one on the eighth, but he couldn't quite land the title, losing out to world No 74 Kevin Streelman in a play-off.
California Gov. Jerry Brown, speaking at the podium, ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday . State water officials found no snow on the ground at the site for their manual survey of the snowpack. Resources: Snow supplies about a third of the state's water. A higher snowpack translates to more water in California reservoirs to meet demand in summer and fall.
With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. 'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others. These were just a few of the events that were taking place all over the world as Holy Week, which began on Palm Sunday, nears its end. Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
Rory McIlroy managed to persuade some of golf's biggest stars to take part in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open .
Lidia Quilligana (above in court Wednesday) was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . Her bail has been set at $1million.
The U.S. Supreme Court's . sense of inevitability is in the air: That a majority is on the . verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. to 1996. In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in . A ruling is due by the end of June. Will he . gay marriage.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982, would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. Terminal Bar, which was located on the block now occupied by the New York Times headquarters, saw an combination of people floating around the Port Authority bus terminal . Terminal Bar closed in 1982, when Nadelman's father-in-law Murray Goldman decided that he did not want to pay $125,000 per year in rent .
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two-year-old daughter Story, that included trap doors and a small slide. The family said it will leave the box fort, which includes a slide and trampoline, up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine .
*Player ratings by Joe Bernstein at Turf Moor . Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal an early 1-0 lead. Burnley manager Sean Dyche shouts instructions to his players during the Premier League clash . Burnley have six matches left and among their fixtures are games against fellow strugglers Leicester City, Hull and Aston Villa. David Jones looks to get the better of Sanchez during a difficult second half for the Gunners .
A five-year-old Chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left Jiaojiao at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill, according to People's Online Daily.
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday. Syrians driven from their homes, the U.N. says. The reduction in the size of food rations the World Food Programme says it has been forced to make due to a lack of donations.
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake  and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . The young Thai boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling . The youngster proudly holds his catch, which appears to be a Nile Tilapia, up to the camera .
Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect to Kaminsky, who is white. We talked about it.
Manchester City midfielder James Milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season . Brendan Rodgers is keen for Milner, pictured in 2012, to help fill the void left by the outgoing Steven Gerrard . Arsenal and Everton have also expressed interest while Inter Milan, Roma and Valencia are also in the race for his signature.
Dr Rous’s sister Johann yesterday described the GP as her ‘absolute rock’, and said learning about the crash led to ‘the hardest day of my life’. Lives cut short: It is understood the couple were moving to a larger house and were planning to start a family . Surprise visit to see family: The couple were flying in Mr Rous's Piper Cherokee from Dundee, where they lived, to Tiree, where Dr Rous grew up, to spend the weekend with her mother and sister .
The top of the Championship with five games to go . After another barmy day in the Championship we are still no closer to finding out which three clubs will be promoted to the Premier League. Here are eight players - one each from Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich - that could well be playing in the top flight next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not. We’ve also come up with a composite XI made up by the best players from the eight clubs.
The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West  after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in July 2013 at Los Angeles International Airport. West retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer.
Last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches. But it’s only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. There’s one on the back and, for video calls or selfies, there’s a front-facing camera.
Chris Roberts of One World Labs was grabbed after his plane landed in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday . Roberts has been featured on the Fox News television show On the Record with Greta Van Susteren (left) The FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives, Fox News reported.
A goat in Paramus, New Jersey, was apprehended by police after it was found headbutting a door in the wealthy community . Police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help.
NBC News has changed its account of how chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria, saying he was now most likely taken by Sunni rebels who tried to convince their victims they were government militants. Mr Engel was convinced by his captors that he had been taken and held by government affiliated forces . He claimed they were constantly tormented by the kidnappers.
Jack Grealish, Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke celebrate as Aston Villa  reached the FA Cup final . Grealish is quick and has a languid style similar to former Liverpool and England star Steve McManaman . The key for Leicester now is that, of their six remaining games, four of them are at home.
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!"
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the fact there are no English clubs left in Europe as he prepares Atletico Madrid for their Champions League quarter-final second leg. Despite his shock at the plight of Premier League clubs in the Champions League this term, Simeone believes that Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe. Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final .
The woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5. She's being treated in complete isolation in a single room under the hospital's Ebola protocol. The woman developed symptoms which could be the deadly Ebola disease after returning from West Africa .
Executed: A masked ISIS militant announces to the crowd that the men (pictured) have been sentenced to death by an Islamic Court 'for waging war on God' Cruel: As a large crowd gathers, the Jihadi (pictured) says: 'Whoever kills the Muslims and spills their blood, their reward is slaughter' Destruction: The executions of the men was retaliation for the car bomb they allegedly exploded in a al-Mayadin neighbourhood (pictured) - killing children and civilians .
(CNN)An Arizona police chief on Wednesday supported an officer's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect, saying that although the move could have killed the suspect, deadly force was justified. "And then we're answering some completely different questions: 'Why didn't you act sooner? At 6:45 a.m. on February 19, Valencia allegedly robbed a 7-Eleven in Tucson with a metal object in his hand.
On top of this, he has claimed at least £675,000 in benefits himself. In the Bible, God says go forth and multiply. I’m doing what God wants.’ Keeping track: Mr Holpin, from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire, shows off his family tree tattoo - which includes his children and grandchildren . But he still wants more children.
The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end. Foremost, he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
eight-year-old Lota Ward had already run several half marathons before being diagnosed with a brain tumor, and still continues to run despite his diagnosis . Most recently, Lota made the decision to attempt the 10th annual Antelope Island Buffalo Run just outside Salt Lake City, with the help of his running fanatic father.
#wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo. Claims: Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her during a meeting last month . Denial: Weinstein, pictured last week, had insisted he had never touched the model and on Friday, yhe Manhattan District Attorney's office said it would not be prosecuting him .
The London Mayor took to the streets of Ramsgate, boasting that the polls were turning in the Tories' favour. After touring shops and eating icecreams, Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Mr Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet.
(CNN)On Tuesday, a white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. What happened in North Charleston tells us the epidemic of police deadly force has not died.
"It looks right now (like) somebody didn't do their job properly." The manhunt, meanwhile, continues for Taylor. A jury convicted him of murder in that incident in late February.
Former Playboy model Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing charges for punching two women in the face at a pub . Ms Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .
Kim Rose, 57, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, was questioned over allegations of bribing voters but will face no further action . 'I could be the first politician to win a seat in parliament based on sausage rolls and Jaffa Cakes.
Dani Alves, out of contract at the end of the campaign, is pictured training for Barcelona on Friday . Barcelona defender Alves has been sounded out by Manchester United over a move to Old Trafford . United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time, with titles such as 'Man of the Year' being handed out, .
The commission said two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Washington (CNN)In 2011, al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage. Then, about a year later, his family paid money to his captors, said a Pakistani source who was in regular contact with the kidnappers. It did not lead to the American aid worker's release, and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January, the White House announced Thursday.
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear. Jackson with David Hasselhoff when he played his character's son Hobie Buchannon .
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property. He was posted with the Foreign Missions Branch of the service, which works with . The agency revoked his security clearance and put Baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged.
The troubled son of an influential San Diego businessman was arrested last week for allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a local elementary school. Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. Glenn Doshay is a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the off-season program, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports. Tim Tebow's last regular-season NFL game was with the New York Jets in 2012 . He has also been working for ESPN and as an analyst for the SEC Network. Although Tebow had some success in Denver, his inaccurate passing and lack of pocket presence has plagued him in the NFL.
Matej Vydra fires home his stunning volley from the edge of the box to put Watford into the lead . Forde was helpless as the Czech thumped the ball into the far corner from Ikechi Anya's cross. Adlene Guedioura celebrates in front of the travelling fans after making it 2-0 and sealing the three points .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night. It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield, a venue at which they last won in 1994. Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League .
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders.
Sociedad seized the lead once more in the 57th minute with a goal of the highest quality when Gonzalo Castro volleyed home Sergio Canales' cross. But Deportivo came roaring back once more as Verdu Nicolas capitised on some poor defending to head home with 12 minutes of the contest remaining.
Four-year-old Austin West passed away last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia. On Thursday, Austin's grandfather set up a genuine donation page hoping to collect $10,000.
A handful of Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for allegedly mocking the Munich Disaster . Police praised 'the overwhelming majority' of fans, after just eight people were arrested at the derby .
In 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank  off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold. Tommy Thompson, 62, left, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio .
Alan Hutton limped off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of Tuesday's game along with Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood. QPR are without Chilean winger Eduardo Vargas and South Korean left-back Yun Suk-young for Tuesday's Barclays Premier League clash at Aston Villa. Hoops boss Chris Ramsey is also without knee-injury victims Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin while Darnell Furlong is still sidelined with a calf problem. Kick-off: Tuesday, 7.45pm .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli's story. Eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old. No matter what, the mother-of-three calls him 'the most beautiful boy I've ever laid eyes on'.
Barrick Gold, which boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company, reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US . Victims include a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was raped by police patrolling mine in 2010 .
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs. Finally, after three years of proceedings, a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians, ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state.' And in a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position. Clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured 'everyday' Americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding.
Fulham striker Ross McCormack lets fly with a shot to score his side's opening goal against Wigan on Friday . Firstly Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan, bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from the despairing Marcus Bettinelli.
Liris' model idol has always been Naomi Campbell, right, who she 'obsessed over' as a young girl and is now compared to by industry bigwigs . Instead of giving into their demands or giving up on what she believed was her calling, Liris, who is 5ft 11in, and now size 18 (US 14), took matters into her own hands and created the vision for them. And now she's starting to break the UK.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral, offering terrific value. It is, too. Poets House used to be an old people's home.
Alves has enjoyed seven successful years at Barcelona, winning four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice.
Calling himself 'Volcano', the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi. Between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters, Volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown Benghazi.
It was the age of modernism, with an emphasis on open living spaces, and the Landgate Cottage in Rye demonstrates this to a tee. True to the period, the rental is decorated in an organic aesthetic of earthy colours and plenty of natural accents. Nothing says 1970s nostalgia like a classic VW campervan, available now for rental on Airbnb .
A masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than £200,000 from an antiques shop in a Mission Impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor to avoid setting off the infrared beams. The thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store. Antique: The thief stole 124 antique watches worth more than £200,000 in the heist on Sunday night .
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
We're talking about Clean Eating Alice, the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life. Alice started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body.
Two goal hero Izzy Brown holds aloft the trophy as Chelsea win the UEFA Youth Team League . The Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final . Solanke, Brown and the elegant central midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek have all been involved in the first-team squad, grabbing minutes here and there, but we all wait and wonder whether they will become regulars. Now 22, his chance at Chelsea has long passed.
And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast. Ukip hoped the Thanet poll would echo an earlier one showing Farage heading for a famous victory, and they planned to use it to whip up more support. But yesterday, a spokesman finally admitted it had buried the survey, claiming the results were ‘unreliable’ and that it was a ‘rogue poll’.
Fancy the best seats in the house for Saturday night's showdown in Las Vegas between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao? Got a spare $361,894 for a couple of tickets? Tickets were released last Thursday, just eight days before one of the biggest fights in history after legal wrangling between the two camps.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment, first waving it around, then sending volts coursing through a Coke can. After the current passes through the bracelet and into him, Deangelo collapses on the floor and begins twitching uncontrollably while his friends laugh in the background .
The practice, which was founded by US entrepreneur Nicole Daedone, borrows much of its philosophy from yoga and meditation. Orgasmic meditation involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . There are currently 2,000 people  practicing the method in the UK, according to Turn On Britain .
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches). Scientists believe the bizarre formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock . It seems that the two-toned minerals were created from two distinctive wet periods on the planet.
Manchester United target Miranda has revealed his delight at being linked with a move to Louis van Gaal's side but insists he is keen on staying at Atletico Madrid. Miranda (centre) has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Manchester United .
Big beauty: Tibetan mastiffs can weigh 80kg . The abattoir they were heading to provides hotpot meat for restaurants. Just 13 months ago one puppy sold for £1.2million, which is thought to be the highest price ever paid for a dog. The dogs are seen with a model .
Tragic: Ganjendra Singh, 41, hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children . Last night heavy rain and hail storm killed at least 32 people, injured more than 100, and caused extensive damage to farms in northeastern parts of Bihar state.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by NBC. Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, in North Charleston on Saturday and later releasing the video. The cop has been charged with Mr Scott's murder .
The stars were out in full force on Sunday evening ahead of the 42nd PFA Awards at the Grosvenor House in London. Dressed to the nines alongside girlfriend Kate Gooders, Tottenham striker Harry Kane appeared excited ahead of the ceremony in which he is nominated for two separate awards, the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo Toure turned up together . Diego Costa - Chelsea . David de Gea - Manchester United . Hazard, who was named in the PFA Premier League team of the year, was also voted the best player in the league by Welbeck's Arsenal team-mate Mikel Arteta.
Sacha Whitehead stands with a carload full of waterproof clothes and sleeping bags which she handed out to homeless people during Tuesday's nights severe Sydney storm . Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them this evening out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point .
Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. Michelle Obama made a special appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday . campaign — also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm. 'When they get a little snarky, I'm like, 'Oh, you sound like your dad!'' Tens of thousands of people gathered on the White House South Lawn on Monday for the annual Easter egg roll festivities.
An HIV-positive Ohio man accused of sexually assaulting three girls has pleaded not guilty to 19 counts in court, where a prosecutor said one of them, a 12 year old, is pregnant. Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Pep Guardiola hit his critics for six as Bayern Munich trounced Porto to reach the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday night. Here is a breakdown of Bayern's staggering goalscoring so far this season . Robert Lewandowski (centre) scores his team's third goal against Porto at Allianz Arena on Tuesday .
Wells was spotted by talent scouts in New York City in 2005 and said at first she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . She said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term. 'I wanted to punch everyone in the face... [I thought] basically they were calling me fat,' Wells said.
(CNN)When ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014, a small group of Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, picked up weapons and formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha -- "The Sacrificers." Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq -- recent estimates from CAPNI, the largest Christian relief organization in northern Iraq put the number as low as 300,000 compared with 1.5 million 20 years ago -- and many among them see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. A fundraising page to set up to support the families of Mai Mach, 60, and her grandson Alistair Mach, four, has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week . 'It will be used for the funeral and Alastair's parents will direct the remainder of the funds to a good cause,' Ms Teoh told Daily Mail Australia. Chinese national Cai Liao has been charged with murdering the Alistair and his grandmother Mai .
Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland (pictured) before using a Taser on a black man who was staggering around outside . The man, who has not yet been identified, was said to be under the influence of drugs before police used a Taser and he was pronounced dead at a local hospital .
Ed Miliband has pledged to scrap the controversial 'non-dom' status which allows millionaires to reduce their tax bil . But everyone else will have to pay tax on their worldwide income.' 'It is a classic example of the economic chaos and confusion you get with Ed Miliband.
Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop. Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes. #WalterScott reminds me of my uncle, family. Can only imagine the pain his fam feels.' Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#WalterScott'. Slager was charged with murder on Wednesday and could face the death penalty.
As James Bond, he is licensed to kill. For in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall. 'Bond would not have survived. Macaulay Culkin's Home Alone character Kevin would have died from head injuries when he fell from some high shelves .
This incredible footage shows the moment an 'apocalyptic' weather storm struck Belarus, turning day into night when fast-moving storm clouds blocked out the sun. The sandstorm was so thick the city was plunged into darkness during the Monday afternoon storm . Heavy rain associated with the storm also caused electricity cuts and damage to buildings.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Outside court Patrick said he had made 'a fantastic recovery'. Barry Lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother, Patrick, and his girlfriend, Patricia .
Ben Parson, 34, paused in the middle of the Brighton marathon and proposed to his surprised girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36 . Ben Parson had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon when he stopped to propose to girlfriend and mother of his two children, Anna Parsons .
A prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern Ukraine is spreading on social media. The young girl dressed in a white, bloodstained nightgown, waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror.
Forlorn: Harvey Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman, 38, stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her. But on Saturday the couple were pictured at their Connecticut home. 'He didn't deny doing what she said he did to her. Battilana, 22, has claimed Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
Filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi, the monkey approaches the woman, who holds a banana, with its outstretched hands. The curious monkey gets right up to the camera lens and gives it a sniff . The lady gets too close to the monkey and it reacts by giving her camera a smack .
Since campaigning group GetUp launched The Gender Price Gap website last week, members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women . 'The other reason is that they're probably just able to get away with it.
On Monday, Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against William Melendez. He's the 49-year-old former Inkster, Michigan, police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, Floyd Dent, around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him several times in the head. With the court decision Wednesday, all charges from the arrest have been dropped.
Huw Thomas, the Labour candidate in Ceredigion, West Wales, suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a 'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'. In a statement he said: 'I apologise wholeheartedly for these comments, made while I was a young student.
England quick James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies from Monday . Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker . He was quite a slight kid. MARK BUTCHER . Man of the match on Anderson’s Test debut against Zimbabwe at Lord’s in 2003 .
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone (right) the 15-year-old is sharing her story to help others . But after being admitted to hospital twice, and extensive counselling, the teenager said she is now on the road to recovery, gradually gaining weight again, left and right . By combating the compulsion to be skinny and rather focus on getting fit and building her muscle definition, Emma is now a healthier eight stone .
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. Despite his admittance, Loughlin pleaded 'not guilty' in court on Friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery.
The Chelsea stopper looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season after losing his No 1 spot . Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old and Cech is understood to be keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible this summer. That means the Gunners could miss out on their primary goalkeeping target if they don't make an early move.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh . UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds. The network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event.
Kansai International Airport in Japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage, seven of the ten are located in Asia .
(CNN)Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign, the country's Ministry of Public Security has announced.
Xabi Alonso lines up for Bayern Munich on Wednesday night against Porto at the Dragao Stadium . Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005. Seedorf won the title a total of four times in his illustrious career - in 1995 with Ajax, 1998 with Real Madrid and twice with AC Milan, in 2003 and 2007.
Christy Turlington, Liya Kebede and Toni Garrn are the faces of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign . All profits from the sale of limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts, pictured, will go to mum and child charities .
Edda, born out of his second marriage with actress Emmy Sonnemann, tried back in the sixties to have a painting - looted by her father and presented to her at birth - returned to her. Infamous military leader: Goering, who cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes, was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief .
Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens. Too nice? According to the Post, the tenants who so adored Body have now taken up his cause with a petition to get him reinstated to his job.
Di Maria wears the No 7 shirt at Manchester United following his £60million from Real Madrid last summer . As well as adorning the No 7 shirt at United, 27-year-old (right) also wears that number for Argentina too .
British backpacker Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays . Ms Farrell was on her first scuba diving trip when she tragically drowned near Blue Pearl Bay (pictured) 'We got in contact with wings solely because they had pictures their staff had taken of the three of us before the dive. The case is still being investigated by Queensland Police, who will hand a report over to the coroner.
Stoke  have opened talks with Evian over a summer move for £3.5million rated full back Daniel Wass (right) Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest but he is keen to try his luck in the Premier League and with Mark Hughes.
The little girl's mother, Kirsty Lee (right in sunglasses behind a lawyer) and Lee's ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen (left) appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today . The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child and causing or allowing serious physical harm to a child.
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle . 'And if we look in the political sphere, it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of Congress is treated as a real success. Since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality?' Clinton says that though the US is the 'land of equal opportunity,' that is not true about gender, and a female president would change that .
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia, all relatively close to each other, have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women.
Jarvis, who's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff, admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore. 'She can have that,' the Spelman College graduate told the Washington Post. Ten years of service: Jarvis, 34, first joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama's office .
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, of Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition (File photo, August 14) A dentist report said that the girl had fourteen abscessed. Wanamaker (right) and his partner Jessica Hoffman (left) 32, are also being investigated for the death of their 7-month-old baby boy in 2011.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7. The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," one woman said Monday on Twitter.
The U.S. Attorney's Office says 48-year-old John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. Prosecutors said in a release that between 2006 and 2010, Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. They said Zelepos made deposits under $10,000 on purpose to skip the reports.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars after he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified. He is also banned from drinking alcohol.
Edinson Cavani found a novel way of burying bad news, as the PSG striker overcame another disappointing night's work against Barcelona with a day out at the zoo.
This is the ring in which Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will face each other in on May 2 . The MGM Grand is ready to host the richest fight in boxing history as Las Vegas prepares for the fight . Mayweather arrives at MGM Grand in Las Vegas ahead of his $300m fight with Pacquiao .
A nine-year-old girl who plummeted 30ft headfirst down the inside of a hollow tree claims she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' while unconscious after the fall. Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises. Annabel said she saw a fairy-like guardian angel as she gained consciousness, and it stayed with her while she was rescued, shining a light so she could see .
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again, in potentially even more danger than before. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island. By the time he returned, he said, there was no sign of Ingraham - and Coast Guard officials are still looking for him.
The internet’s most popular capybara enjoyed some downtime in the bath with its duckling friends. Capybara JoeJoe who lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy, has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch against Bayern Munich and deserved to lose . Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager and says they created enough chances to win .
Much thinner: The 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had  to put that weight  back on plus 15lbs of muscle . It takes time to do that', and revealed that his exercise regime included, 'three hours of boxing in the morning and three hours of strengthening, conditioning, and cardio at night.' Among the most recent and most notable is Matthew McConaughey's turn from  Magic Mike hunk to Dallas Buyers Club AIDS patient.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC so the Top Gear Live shows (pictured) can go ahead 'in good spirit' BBC Worldwide, which shares ownership rights of Top Gear, feared Clarson would vent his anger at his sacking during the live shows, the Sunday People reported. They will not feature any Top Gear branding, show any footage from the programmes or feature The Stig.
Pretty irritating according to a new Ask Reddit thread, which invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but  end up being just the opposite. 'There's nothing brave or strong about it. Another raised some people's tendency to take charge of their wheelchair.
Histo4ric: Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter (above) on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975 . Saved: He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family (daughter circled in red) safely jumped out . Bravery: Nguyen then flew back out to sea (above) and jumped from the helicopter . A motorboat was sent out to retrieve him, and moments later he was reunited with his family.
The Loftus Road pitch was covered in litter and objects following the west London derby contest on Sunday . Cesc Fabregas' low strike, Chelsea's first shot on target, was enough to secure the win at Loftus Road .
'Nurse death': Vera Maresova, 50, has confessed to killing five women and one man at the hospital . A former nurse in the Czech Republic has admitted murdering six of her elderly patients with massive doses of potassium in order to ease her workload.
Mary Murphy, 66, and her partner John Wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs at their home in Failsworth, Greater Manchester . Miss Murphy had been a regular worshipper at nearby St Mary’s RC Church, where priest Father John McKeown described her as ‘very kind and well-liked’.
NBC host Rebecca Lowe has helped to improve coverage of the Premier League in America . Manchester United's 2-1 win at the Emirates Stadium in November was the most-watched PL game in the US . Liverpool’s defeat by Manchester United last month had an average audience of 1.2 million on NBC cable and Spanish partner UNIVERSO combined. That made it the most-watched PL game screened before 10am in US history.
Challenging: Dayna Dobias, 18, is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry . This is one of several videos that Dayna has created. Inspirational: The Illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances .
Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)When the earthquake struck, we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed. It was reduced to rubble.
Rapper Vanilla Ice . He agreed to . deal. He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home . said. His community service under the plea deal must take place at . a Habitat for Humanity project in Palm Beach County. In his DIY Network show, The Vanilla Ice Project, Van Winkle and a crew renovate and flip homes .
Denise Fedyszyn, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters Anya and Isla. 'I had to do something', Denise, who now weighs just over 10 stone and wears a size 10, said. Denise and her long-term friend Lisa Walters were mortified with the pictures of them as bridesmaids .
The £2,000 designer tote bag, hand-made in Japan, was a 50th birthday gift for Hampstead woman, Sabine Smouha, from her husband Jeremy, the director of an investments company. The bag was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species under the Convention of International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES).
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at Real Madrid . Ancelotti was a hero after guiding Real Madrid to their 10th European Cup triumph last year . February 7 - Atletico 4-0 Real . His team have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 (six defeats in 19 outings). Not so. UEFA Champions League 2013-14 .
Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under the lorry following the accident close to Lambeth Bridge near the Houses of Parliament at about 9.30am. Today's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a 'vigil and die-in' at the site.
QPR will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne for the west London derby at home to Chelsea . Chelsea are without Diego Costa for Sunday's Barclays Premier League clash at QPR following the striker's hamstring injury. Cesc Fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose and will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield despite the influential pair being one booking away from a suspension.
Meanwhile, the statement says McConaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future. Officials there initially balked at revealing McConaughey's salary but has since said a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding .
Alastair Cook in the nets ahead of the first Test in the West Indies of a vitally important series for his career . Kevin Pietersen hit 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU as he put on a show for Surrey . James Anderson (left) will make his 100th Test appearance as Cook looks to get the tour off to winning ways . For Cook is facing a Test series he has to win.
The jurors sent out two questions, which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court Wednesday morning. If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of the 17 capital counts, the trial will proceed to a second phase, the so-called penalty phase.
Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic recorded a 6-4 6-4 victory over Main Cilic at the Barcelona Open . Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling for fitness and form after a shoulder injury .
Everton lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break . Southampton and both Manchester clubs are the only other unbeaten sides though United did slip up in drawing 2-2 at home to West Brom. Arsenal are awaiting their first Premier League win directly following an international break . Arsenal vs Liverpool . The two Champions League sides meet on Saturday lunchtime as Arsenal chase a first win following an international break this season.
Romelu Lukaku (left) has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola (right) Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave Goodison Park . Agent Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park .
The Sydney photographer returned to her husband Sabino Matera and their daughter on Thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on Wednesday morning. 'Jessica is safe and at home. Found. The mother-of-one  was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am . Her husband Sabino Matera made a worried plea on Facebook in a bid to help find her .
Budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. Indeed, video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's orangutan center in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit. Budi was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when the International Animal Rescue discovered him in Borneo, Indonesia, last December. Meanwhile, eight-month-old Jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet.
Michael Maggio revealed the Hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically . Using the under the pseudonym 'geauxjudge', Maggio made the comments on the on a Louisiana State University fan message board. On the message board, Maggio said a 'judge friend' had handled  Theron's adoption, before admitting that he was also involved in the case. In another, Maggio, who has three sons and two daughters from a previous relationship and lives with his partner, Dawn, made derogatory comments about women, saying they needed to take care of a man's two basic needs for sex and food, adding: 'It takes two to pull the wagon'.
The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. He also alleged that he and his fellow pledges were subjected to 'repeated confinements' in a series of tiny compartments carved into the frat building's foundations - including 'the pit', 'the hole' and 'the grave'. He listed Hamm as one of his chief tormentors, recalling how the future star ordered him to recite a six-page list of phrases pledges are told to memorize called the 'bulls*** list'. The 45-year-old lives now with his wife  in Fort Worth, where he works both as a doctor and an attorney specializing in medical malpractice and personal injury .
Ms Knight had planned on being at Sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October, but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. With the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain. 'Before there had been hope but when there was nothing they could do, it was the final straw. Mrs Garratt told her husband she was 'popping out' on Good Friday.
Colin Barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday, WAToday reports. Flight MH370 vanished on March 8, 2014 while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board - among the passengers was Mr Weeks.
Powers joined the cast of "Good Times" for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season, playing Keith, a professional football player.
This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014. CNN reports that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. Since 2002, the TSA has fired 513 workers for theft, though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges.
England’s failure to win the first Test and Cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. Yet Moores, under pressure himself after the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director, remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
We stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of the city. Of all the stunning buildings, the one I'm drawn to every time is Gaudi's Casa Batllo, a building of curves and flowing lines covered in tiny mosaic and wrought iron balconies. Perhaps fittingly, given Enoteca's superstar status, we were served Miraval Rosé from Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's estate in Provence. It's a great city to get lost in and some of the best sights aren't in the tourist guides.
Sticky situation: Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing Cody after he wandered into a bog . 'Cody has been taken back to the stables to be seen by a vet.'
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed. The Filipino's promoter says that the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed .
Petr Cech posted a video via his YouTube channel, playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2 . Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season .
On Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. she told CNN.
"The change will come," he said, bringing to the crowd to its feet. But Scott's family was missing. They needed privacy, said Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley, who attended. On Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Scott's car, but the passenger's name wasn't in a police report obtained by CNN. But he did not identify the passenger by name. "It breaks everyone's hearts."
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas (shown in image), with neon lights and plenty of attractions . But for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like.
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix. Rosberg complained during a heated press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton, the race winner who was sitting next to him as he spoke, had acted ‘selfishly’ in slowing down to such an extent that he (Rosberg) could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari. But the reason is, I did try to attack Lewis in the first stint, and it just didn’t work.
The Victorian building that houses it is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ‘bedlam’. Fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms  - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists. Flaming brilliant: Once a month the Andaz hosts a candle-lit dinner in its 1901 restaurant .
Robin van Persie lifts the ball over Magnus Norman to score his second, and Man United's fourth goal . Van Persie made an appearance for Manchester United Under 21s away at Fulham on Tuesday night . The Holland international opened the scoring as United took a commanding first-half lead at Craven Cottage . Scorers: Van Persie 13, 80; Rothwell 20, 43 . The United striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February, and is just returning to action .
Suing ex-wife: Chris Lewis, 68 (left) has accused his former partner Nicola, 48 (right) of duping him about the paternity of her son Charlie . He is understood to have taken Charlie to equestrian events at the London 2012 Olympics, which his TV company Chris Lewis Media was filming, a few months before he discovered he was not the boy’s father.
Regular girl: Writer Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions . 'I don't think it's particularly healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies,' she says. Amanda explains that part of the problem is that Lane Bryant's ads don't actually show women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women who still have 'correct' proportions, with flatter stomachs and larger busts. No retouching: The New York-based blogger posted photos of herself that showed off her figure and stretch marks .
I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever.
Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn because of suspension . Reds legend Robbie Fowler, pictured with Kenny Dalglish, says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard . Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield .
The store front of its Brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements. A police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Not long after, staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall. When officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk. It remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive, or whether the death was a homicide.
Entitled 'Naughty Nicola', the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand. He is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman – on the brink of holding the balance of power. SNP colleagues reveal that within the party, Murrell is affectionately nicknamed Penfold, after Danger Mouse's loyal hamster sidekick in the 1980s cartoon series.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead against Reading on Tuesday night . But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed . Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family .
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . I’d love to win a trophy and make a bit of history at Aston Villa.’ The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets . Villa manager Tim Sherwood confirmed Given will start on Sunday, a day before the Irishman turns 39 .
Beth Hall, now 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs (left) after being bullied at school. It was only when a doctor warned he could feel all of her organs underneath her skin - and that she would end up killing herself if she didn't eat - that she sought help .
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it be taken down. The Kenosha Professional Police Association claims that no offence was intended and that the billboard was simply to thank the community for its support.
With just seven games of the season left Liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season - and their top scorers - Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard - have scored six goals each. Only Sunderland and Crystal Palace have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool this season.
Mr Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes . The journey took the traveller nine days to complete and a total of 4500km of land was covered .
English referee Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Champions League quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona on Wednesday night, and he will be assisted by five other Englishmen. Clattenburg, regarded by UEFA to be England's top official, is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe's top eight clubs with fellow top ref Martin Atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures.
Crime family ties: Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York . He maintained a distinctive appearance, wearing a bathrobe and slippers around the streets of New York in a bid to look insane, so he could avoid prosecution - a scheme he later admitted to. He died in a Missouri federal prison at the age of 77.
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago. The fossilised skull of Daspletosaurus was found in a quarry in Dinosaur Provincial Park in Alberta, Canada .
It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. Cunera Buijs from the National Museum of Ethnology said: 'When weather conditions permitted, the naatsit was often the only garment worn, both in the home and outside in the settlement.' The display also contains a pair of pantyhose made from reindeer skin and fur (pictured).
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. Easy posted the photograph of himself in a wig and pink sunglasses under the Facebook name 'Michelle Dirt' However, officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months - but he went on the run again in December last year upon his release. Easy (pictured) is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison guards while at Winchester Prison .
A dangerous 'death ring' has been spotted around the San Francisco Bay Area. It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species. Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway. Many areas along State Route 94 in San Diego County have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . 'You don't want to attract animals there.'
‘It sets up a culture that drinking isn’t about socialising with friends, it’s about how quickly and how much you can drink,’ she said.
But Ms Luciano - who was fired following an investigation - claims far from encouraging them to bully the girl, the exercise was supposed to teach them they should be kinder to each other. The 40-year-old has now launched court action against the city's education department as she attempts to get her licence back so she can work in another school.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in Yemen . A Saudi prince has promised to give a free Bentley to every pilot involved in the Yemen air strikes, as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon after she drove a red Peugeot towards Southend – but on the London-bound stretch. Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
"The Big Bang Theory," Thursday 8 p.m. The season finale is this week. "Backstrom," Thursday 9 p.m., Fox . "Blue Bloods," Friday 10 p.m., CBS .
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month with listing agents claiming the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million. Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police, according to authorities. A relative told NorthJersey.com that Michael had been suffering from dementia and said he sometimes wasn't lucid. Neighbor Carole Lynch described Rosalia as a 'very sweet lady' and said Michael was 'not well'.
Jen Psaki thought the offer to be President Barack Obama's communications director wouldn't last long. She figured White House chief of staff Denis McDonough hadn't heard she's expecting a baby girl in July. She is currently serving as the president's legislative director . The first family pictured above in a portrait for Easter.
At a visit to the Age UK in Plymouth yesterday, David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all all four home nations in his bid to secure votes ahead of the May 7 election. The Prime Minister was also dealt a blow as Ed Miliband overtook him as the most popular political leader for the first time.
(CNN)For many Girl Scout troops it is officially cookie season. Suddenly those cookies seem less benign, don't they? And yet, there is compelling evidence that a diet rich in vegetables and fruit, whole grains, fish, nuts, and moderate amounts of dairy and alcohol, as well as avoiding smoking, obesity -- and exercising 30 minutes a day -- lowers overall mortality by 65%.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. But according to Professor Miyagawa, single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system, rather than from simple, primal utterances. He says humans combined an 'expressive' layer of language, as seen in birdsong, with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds, such as alarm calls.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate, with Dylan and her Paul, 44, confirming to People on Wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'.
A Mexican . the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. And because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends, deeper into the complex Gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king. Teotihuacan, or 'abode of the gods' in the Aztec language of . Nahuatl, was distinct from the Mayan civilization.
The bombshell allegation is that Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife, Sofia, according to Final De Partida – or End Game – by Ana Romero, which sold out within 24 hours.
Sportsmail revealed last week that Germany centre Mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a United player, and it now seems it will be as part of a £50m-plus Borussia Dortmund double after Gundogan also gave Van Gaal the go-ahead to bid for his services. Both players have been on United's radar for some time, and both have privately let it be known they feel the time has arrived for a fresh start.
The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour Sunday after she hung herself, police say. The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights, the New York Post reports.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is. They occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce, making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings. Gordon Ewen captured the festive photograph using a telescope at the bottom of his garden.
SAMI MOKBEL - Barcelona . Bayern and Barcelona are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid and to separate them is nigh on impossible. Juventus celebrate their 1-0 aggregate victory over Monaco in the last eight of the Champions League . CHRIS WHEELER - Bayern Munich . Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League title and a second in a row with Real Madrid . ROB DRAPER - Bayern Munich . And Neymar.
The idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters. It comes after Scottish First Minister  Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections. Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
The collective ceremony, which was billed the first of its kind to be held in China, was organised by a new social media app designed for pets. No expense was spared for the special occasion, as the 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine.
The time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. The video concludes with the train picking up speed and hurtling down the track like a bobsleigh before arriving at the station . Today more than 800,000 people visit the attraction every year.
Harry Redknapp has claimed 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation as QPR manager, describing the situation as 'a bit of a soap opera'. The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the Barclays Premier League strugglers in February. Redknapp was aware of constant talk of Tim Sherwood replacing him at Loftus Road earlier in the season .
A Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia . However, 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway. In Melbourne, protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Federation Square.
Carolyn Thorpe was sat in a pavement cafe when the huge tree fell onto her and her daughter. The town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid more than €100,000, or £86,000, in compensation for the tragic accident.
Other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern Kansas, according to the Storm Prediction Center. Aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water.
The terrifying situation began at about 11am on April 9, when the man walked into the hospital in Dongguan, Guangdong Province. Hero: Within moments one of the accident and emergency doctors (right) walked in and took her place . She is terrified. Gentleman: Doctor Lun Xikun, pictured in the room later, managed to keep him calm until the police arrived .
Police found the bodies after the mother's employer requested a welfare check because she had not shown up to work for two days. Tulsa police officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking other suspects .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater (shown). However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April .
Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Scroll down for video . CHIP OF THE BLOCK? An Iowa Republican Party official who said he hasn't chosen a horse in the 2016 primary told Daily Mail Online that 'Rand Paul is going to have problems if he thinks he can position himself as an outsider.' But it won't sell in Iowa, especially since he's walking his views back toward the center.' 'It's time for a new way. A new set of ideas.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. Ms Hiley, said she wanted to remind the Duchess of Cambridge, and mothers around the country, of the benefits of breastfeeding.
(CNN)After more than nine years of traveling through the solar system, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The initial picture released on Tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs: Pluto and its largest moon, Charon.
(CNN)Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row for murders he says he didn't commit. Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro had ordered Hinton released after granting the state's motion to dismiss charges against him.
Neanderthals (represented in the drawing above) may have been the world's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet, according to a new scientific paper . They say Neanderthals could also used herbs to improve their culinary creations in the same way. However, she says that if chimpanzees use plants to flavour their food, then it is entirely possible that Neanderthals also used herbs and spices.
For the first time since in 100 years, Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight, following the effective promotion of Bournemouth on Monday. The Goldsands Stadium, home of AFC Bournemouth, will host Premier League football next season .
The actor bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962, shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Batiatus in Spartacus. It went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph. Listed: The car is expected to attract £1million - more than double the £431,200 it sold for four years ago .
Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines, Sgt. Daniel Knapp  has been denied re-enlistment after getting a tattoo on his forearm – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for Marine riflemen, right – to commemorate his previous deployment . 'My tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone': Knapp is now considering joining the Army which has less stringent rules about body ink .
And sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. The next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible, religious hymns or spirituals. A procession or march to one of the city's holy places, is then finally followed by the delivery of a 'sermon'.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles. Flames burn just after nightfall in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin adjacent to homes, foreground, as seen from Corona, Calif. Cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze, increasing containment from 15 per cent, though on-the-ground conditions did not make that fight easy.
Perched: A little owl gazes in envy as his two siblings huddle together on a small tree branch in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire . The little owls were photographed by sales manager Dean Mason, 49 . Mr Mason observed the owls from just six metres away by waiting inside a camouflaged shelter known as a hide .
More than 9,000 injured. More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
A New Zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion's den during feeding time, if they dare. Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh!
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend Gaynor Godwin and bought a holiday home on the Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. The Old Bailey heard that he hid the fraud by buying and trading properties and funnelling large amounts of cash through his unwitting girlfriend's bank account. Allen, who was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering, could face another three years behind bars if he fails to pay the money back.
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season should they beat Bradford on Tuesday night. Bristol City manager Steve Cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against Preston on Saturday .
Thousands of organs are being harvested from political prisoners in China with the Falungong group a key target, it is claimed. It reveals Red Cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in China, even though the country has the second highest rate of transplants in the world.
New York (CNN)When Liana Barrientos was 23 years old, she got married in Westchester County, New York. Prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam. On Friday, she pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx, according to her attorney, Christopher Wright, who declined to comment further.
Council bosses spent more than £7,000 on a lavish three-course Christmas banquet and disco for staff as a last blow-out before the local authority shut up shop. Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party, which was adorned with almost £500 worth of balloons and Christmas crackers.
Protesters opposing the construction of a $1.4billion telescope on a mountain in Hawaii they consider to be sacred were arrested after blocking a road leading to the site. While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction on Mauna Kea - the highest point in the state which is considered a home of deities. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
The firm claims the latest update to its Android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts, and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Brady went to the White House to meet President George W Bush after winning the Super Bowl in 2005 and in 2004.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city, and captures the new, minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to Istanbul. The photographer, who has lived in Istanbul for 14 years, aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city, as it contrasts with the ornate, Ottoman architecture.
Boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags – two more than the current set-up. So far two airlines – Delta and Alaska – have ordered the new bins, which can be installed on existing 737s .
High-ranking official: Their mother is Roxanne Dubé (above), the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami . Anthony Rodriguez (above) was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . Bloody aftermath: The boys and a friend had driven to a house, pictured here with blood on the floor, to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000 . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered, though Marc was in the car at the time .
It charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways . La Guardia Airport in New York, United States: £2,630 ($3,950) 10. Website The Richest has compiled a list of the most expensive airports for landing fees, which are based on the 767-400 aircraft, which can hold up to 50 passengers but is often customised for private use.
A judge ruled BP was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels. There were dire predictions of what would follow. It is unknown if its death had anything to do with the oil.
Clooney, 37, appeared before reporters at the National Press Club in the capital . The British-Lebanese attorney said she will appeal to the US government to put pressure on the government of Maldives to release her client . Less than two days earlier, the raven-haired beauty enjoyed a night out on the town in New York City with her parents and her Hollywood superstar husband.
Depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013, Croydon Coroner's Court heard. 'She had taken a significant overdose and had been seen by a number of professionals.
Just ten games. That is all Tim Sherwood has needed to bring Aston Villa out from the morgue and into life. Here, Sportsmail looks at five reasons for Sherwood’s success. Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa as they reached the FA Cup final . The 46-year-old has added a new found confidence to his sides game and is reaping the benefits .
When she was a size 18, Julie was told she was too fat to run but she completed a marathon, left, and has done numerous races since, including one at the London 2012 Olympic park, right . She encourages other women to do the same . This Morning's Run For Your Life campaign starts today at 10.30am on ITV.
Tim Sherwood has urged Aston Villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals QPR the club's 'biggest game' for years. 'This is the biggest (of my managerial career).' Sherwood faces his friend and former Tottenham assistant, QPR boss Chris Ramsey, for the first time since they both left Spurs last summer.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. The geologist is now working to establish the authenticity of the site. They date to at least 5,000 BC .
The 50-year tradition has split the Gold Coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era, The Sunday Mail reported. 'The tourists love and embrace the Meter Maids because they are quintessentially part of their Gold Coast and Surfers Paradise experience,' Mr Yarwood said. Mr Yarwood said Meter Maids were the 'under-utilised resource' to help revamp the region.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to English rockers Duran Duran. in hilarious video .
Tiger Woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters . The former best player in the world arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game . Nick Faldo slips the green jacket on Woods after he won his first major at the 1997 Masters .
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties, including giving guided tours to visitors, for no extra money. Now, staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ‘years of pay restraint’. The wardens work for the Royal Collection Trust, a charity which presides over one of the world’s largest and most important works of art, jewels and artefacts.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia . This is a group of people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait and used advanced skin boats.
Ms Huxham's ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. Found: Abducted teen Billy-Anne Huxton was located by police on Thursday night after she made contact with a family member . The 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim. The man is due to appear in the Maroochydore Magistrates Court Saturday morning. Shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before Ms Huxham was abducted from her home .
Drive-by death: Cassandra Cassidy was fatally wounded as she tried to help two women 'afraid of men in a car' outside a rehab centre . The fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women, and died in hospital shortly afterwards.
Now, on the eve of Easter, a shop assistant has spotted the image of Jesus Christ in a hot cross bun. 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter.'
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark, while a string of fine saves from Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped Roberto Donadoni's side to a memorable win. Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season, but they has now strung a series of positive results together, with a 1-0 victory over Udinese midweek and last weekend's 1-1 draw at Inter Milan.
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook out of the blue in December. Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant 17-year-old cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy .
When Rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in Santa Monica this weekend, she left her bra at home. The singer is one of h a growing number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their lingerie .
Chris Strodder has created a handy book, The Disneyland Book of Lists, which contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure. It is estimated that guests spend a whopping 83 times the amount they did in 1955, totalling $196. Many companies have sought to be the official providers for Disneyland over the years.
According to data released by the Ministry of Defence, some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. A further 55,000, 30mm rounds were fired from Apache gunships. 'That so many 9mm rounds were used shows how close the fighting was at times'.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval as Juventus beat Empoli at home . They also had goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon to thank for making several fine interventions in the second half when Juve dropped their intensity, saving their batteries for a trip to Fiorentina in the Coppa Italia in midweek and the Champions League quarter-final clash with Monaco a week after. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli which puts nine points between the two sides in the standings.
Witnesses told NBC the car appeared to speed up as it neared the edge. The adults were described as being in fair condition but 'clearly emotionally distraught,' Humphrey said. Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Arrest: Brittney Griner, left, and her fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday and have since been released from jail . Happier times: Police were called after a fight at their home in a Phoenix suburb turned physical . They were taken into custody around 5pm on Wednesday but neither wished to press charges, and they were released from jail at 4am on Thursday.
The Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become 'redundant' as a result. Nigel Farage, speaking tonight on a special Question Time style programme broadcast on the BBC, insisted he would not give up trying to pull Britain out of the European Union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum .
But now, red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District. Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. But Bob Cartwright, of charity Westmorland Red Squirrels, said they are returning to woods in the area - and some have even been spotted in the town centre.
Peter Scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by AP McCoy. McCoy stands proud with his Sport Personality of the Year Award in Birmingham in 2010 . McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester, 298 from 1,089 rides, than at any course in Britain .
Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show. The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders, who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba, in central Argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care.
After Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview. By Thursday, both actors apologized.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event. The three-day commemoration will begin with a Service of Remembrance on VE Day (May 8) at The Cenotaph and a national two-minute silence at 3pm, marking the moment Winston Churchill broadcast his historic speech formally announcing the end of the war in 1945.
While posting an image of your child smiling into the camera  covered in food may seem like a playful and cute move to you - it could be dangerous for your child in the long run. When it comes to uploading baby photos on social media, some feel like the more comments and  likes they get the better, but who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach  on the net? Only share with people who care .
Ms Rahman, of Andover, Hampshire, was one of many food stall-holders who applied to take part in the event planned for Sunday, April 26. Many Thanks, Salisbury City Council.' 'Chicken Tikka Masala is the nation's favourite dish and St George himself was born in Palestine. The Council never intended to be racist.
His wife said she was still searching for answers Thursday after U.S. officials revealed the 73-year-old American aid worker had been accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda. Gunmen abducted Weinstein in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
Marion Carole Rees (pictured) who went missing 40 years ago may still be alive, according to an inquest . 'She may still want to avoid detection and not wish to make contact with her family.' She said she was unconvinced, on the balance of probabilities, that Ms Rees is dead.
Outcry: Opera singer Liu Guijuan is heavily criticised for showing off her headdress (pictured) made with feather from 80 kingfishers . 'It is made with the feathers from under the wings of 80 kingfishers,' she said the post. In the name of art: Miss Liu, an established opera singer in China, is seen on stage (right) in the headdress that landed her in hot water .
The wife of a Florida postal worker who landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol to protest campaign finance laws says her husband is a patriot. 'From the public point of view this is very brave,' Alena told WFLA.
Eddie Hearn has insisted his £1.5million purse offer to Carl Frampton comes with no strings attached, but efforts to make a super-fight with Scott Quigg remain deadlocked. Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion, as the Matchroom promoter upped the ante in a bid to book a July 18 date at Manchester Arena. ‘Nothing at all — no options, no rematch clause, absolutely nothing,’ Hearn told Sportsmail when questioned on whether such terms were included in his £1.5m offer.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium . Captain Kompany felt privileged to be a part of unveiling: 'It's been a special street party event today and the wall looks incredible.
Sir Oliver Popplewell, the judge who conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry, says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to 'see if there was anything sinister'. He stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson.
John Terry is the last player to come through Chelsea's youth ranks and become a first-team regular . He is a big talent. Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been guaranteed a chance to make his mark in the Chelsea first-team squad .
'Both Hassan and Talha had a promising future as an apprentice and an A-level student respectively, and we are praying they will be back with us soon and are able to realise that future. 'We would implore all parents to be extra vigilant, although as we found, it's near impossible to know your children have been groomed and brainwashed.
Footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, New York, appears to show Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers. Video also shows Sefolosha's Atlanta Hawks teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. He is currently in a stable condition while 22-year-old Shezoy Bleary has been accused of attacking the 31-year-old and two women with a switchblade.
Ex pop star Dane Bowers has been charged with hitting his ex-fiancee Miss Wales Sophie Cahill and will appear in court next month charged with common assault. The former Another Level star, 35, is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model Ms Cahill in front of her young son, causing a bloody nose. 'He will appear before magistrates in May.'
The Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr, after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday. It came as Mr Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful, but ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’. And it was bollocks.’ BBC presenter Andrew Marr has admitted he made a mistake on Sunday, but insisted it was a 'cock up not conspiracy' He insisted foxhunting was not his favourite sport, adding: ‘I am what I am.
Condition: Jessica Knight can't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings . Cravings: Jessica's Pica makes her want to eat substances including sponge, sand and even rocks . Worry: Kelly Knight says doctors are unable to treat Jessica until she is six years old . Control: Jessica's parents have given her a purse full of bits of sponge to eat .
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house in Kosi Kalan, in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura district, to relieve herself. He told the broadcaster: ‘When I woke up, I saw her in flames...
Manchester United are closing in on a deal to sign Borussia Dortmund ace Ilkay Gundogan . Louis van Gaal believes the midfielder is the perfect replacement for current midfielder Michael Carrick .
A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder after  fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on Wednesday night, in Bermagui, on the NSW south coast. Ms D'Addario and Mr Vosikata were reported missing by her concerned family members in the ACT on Monday. Ms D’Addario's body was found in the boot of her blue Hyundai Getz just after 8.30pm on Wednesday . Mr Vosikata (left) reportedly has a wife and children back in Fiji .
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Google's vice president Sundar Pichai confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February. Instead of building masts, Google will buy access to existing networks and sell connectivity back to customers at a cheaper rate .
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind . You see that,' the man then asks, pointing to his white Mercedes Benz. 'That's a Benz - you gotta earn your way up, pal' Only two people featured in the video listen to the seemingly homeless man's offer and want to give him something in return. One man hands Erakat back his $10 bill, adding some money of his own.
Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. A proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the Washington House on Thursday. A Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available.'
The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve told television broadcaster TF1. But, Molins said, computer searches revealed that the man had been communicating with someone in Syria who "asked him to target a church." Her name is Aurelie Chatelain.
Pretty spot: Queen Victoria spent her holidays in Osborne House on the Isle of Wight . From Ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from Osborne House but the nearest station was at Wootton, more than two miles from the property. So, in 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House – just to serve the Royal residence. The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000, while the track has become a cycle path.
In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Still grieving: Wayne Kyle, the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle, gave his first interview on Thursday since the end of the trial of his son's killer . A film about his life, starring Bradley Cooper, titled American Sniper, was released this past January. Wayne Kyle described the movie, American Sniper, as an absolute disgrace for the way in which it portrayed his other son, Iraq veteran Jeff Kyle (pictured), as 'cowardly' Mr Kyle said that the movie portrayed Jeff 'as a weak, almost cowardly Marine just wanting to get out of the country in anyway possible and that couldn't be further from the truth in the way Jeff is'.
The little boy's disappearance, more than three decades ago, sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. Tillero and her husband Ensslen now live in the home with their two sons, six-year-old Santiago and nine-year-old Javier, as well as Tillero's mother, Olga Tillero. The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan and using salvaged materials to decorate the home . Once the couple found a lot that would fit the cottage's dimensions, they spent seven months renovating the home .
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner didn’t attend Wembley on Sunday after his aunt passed away. Villa put in an excellent display to upset Liverpool at Wembley and reach their first FA Cup final since Lerner bought the club.
Not to be outdone, the new trailer for "Jurassic World" came out Monday morning. The movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since "Jurassic Park III" in 2001. Here's the new trailer for the movie, out June 12: .
The mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a  surrogate mother. Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology, which claims on its website that it is 'the closest thing to teleportation'. Clearly, this opens a lot of potential land mines for parents to now have to try and control.'
Tart or sour cherries  have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants. AVOCADO . CRANBERRIES . PUMPKIN SEEDS . What are the benefits?
Manchester City playmaker David Silva has returned to training, the club have reported. Silva looked to have been seriously injured on Sunday when he was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate. The 29-year-old was eventually taken to hospital where tests revealed that he had not suffered a fracture .
Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Ed Miliband saying he won't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition . He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day on May 7. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon (pictured) warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street .
Radwanska follows Ana Ivanovic (right) out of the tournament after the fifth seed lost to Caroline Garcia . World No 15 Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas, who defeated world No 19 Sabine Lisicki 6-0 6-0 .
Iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling after months of ISIS pressure from the suburbs of the city. Ramadi was once the battlefield for US forces eight year battle against insurgents during the 2003 Iraq war.
Comedian Limmy grins manically as the three-inch house spider crawls out of his mouth onto his chin . Moments later the spider runs up his cheek and heads towards Limmy's forehead before the video ends .
The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday. Curacao face Cuba in the next round, on June 8 and 16.
Sofia Vergara is fighting back in the bitter battle with ex Nick Loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in November 2013, six months before they ended their relationship. It's been reported that he wants to use them to have a child . According to the legal papers, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, the pair fertilized embryos using Vergara's eggs and Loeb's sperm. In limbo: Vergara's attorney told People that the Modern Family star is content to leave the embryos frozen in storage 'indefinitely.' Another claim in the documents is that, previously, the pair twice had eggs implanted in a surrogate, but the procedure failed. Elsewhere in the lawsuit, it is claimed 42-year-old actress Vergara - who got engaged to True Blood hunk Manganiello on Christmas Day after six months of dating - was 'physically and mentally abusive' to Loeb.
The Legion of Honour medals for the five veterans aged between 90 and 99 who are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come .
The youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background . The clip begins with mum, American Teri O'Neil, 30, asking 15-month-old Olivia: ‘How does mama walk?’ while filming at her home.
Both of us hope the Prime Minister will take the privilege of this opportunity and finally, and firmly, apologize, and commit to educating the future generation honestly and humbly.
Laurent Blanc comes up against Enrique at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday in the Champions League . Julen Lopetegui: Porto boss . Laurent Blanc: PSG boss . Luis Enrique: Barcelona manager . Pep Guardiola: Bayern Munich coach .
Angela Merkel threw down the gauntlet to David Cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength .
Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial  and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20', which will air on Friday. The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13. But weeks after he release, she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter. She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later .
Amir Khan has gone face to face with Adrien Broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion. Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently, with British rival Kell Brook set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.
The party said schoolchildren were being exposed to ‘propaganda’ from Brussels in a bid to ‘catch them young’.
George North lies motionless on the Franklin's Gardens turf after being knocked out against Wasps . Hughes protested his innocence but on Tuesday was banned for three weeks. North is congratulated after scoring the first of his two tries against Wasps on Friday night .
Injury-plagued midfielder Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season . Diaby will be allowed to use the training facilities at the Emirates even if he does not stay at the club . Diaby has suffered in-excess of 42 injuries since signing for the Gunners in 2006.
She shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a 'reminder for us to be kinder to each other.' News anchor Jackie Ward (left) shared the story of Shay Stewart-Bouley (right), a blogger who writes about race, and her family when the racial slur was shouted at them on Friday. The mother, Shay Stewart-Bouley who runs a blog called Black Girl In Maine and writes about race, has told her story of how the incident unfolded that day.
Fury: Take That members (from left) Gary Barlow, Howard Donald and Mark Owen have still not paid back the £20million they owe the taxman, one year after they were ordered to. Repaid: Other well-known clients who used the Icebreaker 'investment' scheme include TV sports presenter Gabby Logan (pictured right). Unlike Gary Barlow (left), she has already repaid everything she owed .
Stunning: Tori Hester was diving off the coast of Mexico when the school of fish began circling above her . In 1995, a marine park was established by residents to tackle the problem of overfishing.
I was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’, and one wit even ‘hoped I would catch malaria’. But worrying questions remain about some of her followers.
(CNN)It's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer, Michael Slager, gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named Walter Scott after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina. It's long past time we got to the truth of how many more killings like Walter Scott's are happening without a video to set the record straight.
Gloucester No 8 Morgan broke his left leg playing against Saracens in the Aviva Premiership in January . Lancaster is due to name a 45-man World Cup training squad next month, followed by his final 31-man group for the tournament in late August.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace where she had begun a new role at the Royal Collection Trust, when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster. She'll be greatly missed.' The 40-year-old driver of the tipper lorry stopped at the scene but was not arrested.
This is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal Andrew Barr watching pornography in his office at Geelong College . 'Just before Easter, The Geelong College council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards.'
Miracle mammals: You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain . Birds of a feather: You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water, especially during the summer . Red Squirrels . Where: Formby, Lancashire.
Revlon's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar... The video, titled Love Is On, was created by agency George Patts Y&R for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand.
Livingston boss Mark Burchill believes heartbroken midfielder Darren Cole wants to play in Sunday's Petrofac Cup final despite the game coming just a week after the tragic death of his cousin in America. Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful that midfielder Darren Cole will turn out for his side on Sunday . Cole (left) was left heartbroken following the death of his cousin, Shaun, from a suspected hit-and-run .
But for Nasr Bitar, it was his time to shine. To get the all important 'selfie' - and make an appearance on the Street View map. Viral: The image of his selfie, and the Street View shot, has now been shared almost 2.9million times .
Brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair, advocating against gun violence. He died in August. "Although we disagreed on public policy, Sarah Brady was an honorable American who we always respected," the gun rights organization said. On the Brady Campaign's website, she said she got involved in gun control after her young son picked up what she thought was a toy gun on the seat of a friend's pickup.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer . Klopp has been linked with a move to the Barclays Premier League and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. In that time, he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup, as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013. 15/8 - Man City .
Racing legend Tony McCoy ended his career as a jump jockey without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners. McCoy, 40, has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years, and when he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former Arsenal player Ian Wright, it emerged that the Irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity.
Wigan Athletic have made club captain Gary Caldwell their new manager on a long-term basis . Chairman David Sharpe said Caldwell was 'the only candidate we considered'.
(CNN)Recently, a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. Not because the postmen can't be trusted; they can.
Roy and Wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s, and they also turned snow into water. Road trip: Roy (left), 52, and Wright (right), 56, had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road . Life savers: The women survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow .
Crucially, very few have been shown to keep the weight off permanently. Three 'high-intensity' programmes were included: Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem. The researchers looked at the evidence for 11 different weight loss plans . Dieters get meal plans, online workout videos and online support.
Like 73-year-old Madejski, Lady Sasima is something of an eccentric. Reading co-owners Lady Sasima Srivikorn and Sir John Madejski spoke to Sportsmail's Matt Lawton . The Championship club will swap the Madejski Stadium for Wembley on Saturday in the FA Cup semi-final . And I had 100 bullets from an M16 shot at my house. The pair are desperate to take their club back to the promised land of the Premier League .
A leading data mining firm, which has asked to remain anonymous because of its government work, claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence following the death of Michael Brown. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. One account - also linked to the recent union protests in New York City and other disturbances - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent clashes. Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique. The Greenpeace survey, carried out by ComRes, found greatest support among men (56 per cent) and the over-65s (58 per cent). The finding – hidden in a footnote to a Greenpeace press release – shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls.
Mr Farage was taken aback, and attacked a 'total lack of comprehension' from those watching and protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'. His outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching.
Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland has reveled he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Player of the Year . 'For me, there's not a player of the same age near him.' Butland hopes Kane can fire the young Lions to European Championship glory this summer .
With the 2015 general election just over two weeks away, it's natural to expect flyers, bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS 18TH BIRTHDAY CARDS . SNP HIGH VIZ JACKET .
Ed Miliband has been accused of stooping to a 'shameful' new low by blaming David Cameron for the Mediterranean refugee crisis. In a briefing note sent out before the speech, Labour went further - claiming the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Mr Cameron's foreign policy. It comes after Mr Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels yesterday over how to tackle the growing humanitarian crisis. The Labour leader said this failure had contributed to the crisis today.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, had gone with her 19-year-old daughter Kanta, to the bank of the Vishwamitri River, 40 kilometres from Vadodara, in west India, to wash their clothes. Kanta suffered a leg injury after the crocodile grabbed her right leg and dragged her into the murky river .
Opening in 2018, the gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year. Renown British-Iraqi architect, Zaha Hadid, has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances, and increase connectivity.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet. Joan Ogden, 78, spotted the thieves in action as they stole from the pocket of Brian Ogden, 80 . Mr and Mrs Ogden were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed .
Dufner and Amanda during happier times after he won the PGA Championship in 2012 . As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
The teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, who cannot be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK, was arrested last weekend. He is said to have incited an Australian teenager, Sevdet Besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers. He was remanded in custody to youth detention accommodation in the north of England after District Judge Emma Arbuthnot turned down a bail application.
Bafetimbi Gomis roars with celebration after giving Swansea a 2-0 lead against Hull at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . The French striker fires a spectacular volley past Allan McGregor and into the roof of the Hull net to double the home side's lead . Gomis grabbed his second of the match after racing on to Jonjo Shelvey's pass and chipping McGregor in injury time . Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half when he pounced in the six-yard box . David Meyler was sent off for the visitors just three minutes after McShane pulled a goal back for a lunge on Kyle Naughton .
The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places. Mr Cameron, pictured, will tell the audience that the Conservative Party wants to reward hard work . And the best route out of poverty is this: work.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool in an FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Villa fan Grealish takes on Liverpool's Emre Can at Wembley during the impressive 2-1 victory at Wembley . He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits. Grealish and his Aston Villa team-mates celebrate as the club reached their first FA Cup final since 2000 . Billy Garraty, his great-great grandfather on his mum’s side, won the FA Cup with Villa in 1905.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ‘unprecedented’ scale of destruction, which is mainly being blamed on gangs of youngsters. Officers yesterday called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
‘We’re on the verge of the Championship and that’s only down to Steve and his investment and what he’s doing at the ground.’ Lansdown, who made his fortune from financial services, is a rare breed in English football, unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else. That strategy was downright naive when they chased the Premier League dream and racked up astonishing debts in doing so. Those mistakes — over-paying for decent but not exceptional players — meant the owner had to write off an eye-watering £35million worth of debt last year. Lansdown is far more pragmatic with money nowadays, even though Cotterill was allowed to spend £1.65m on four players last summer.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if the user doesn't have signal . The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT.
Ashton Taylor, from Perth, has slammed Belle Gibson over her false claims she had terminal brain cancer . The 21-year-old student has been in and out of hospital after she was diagnosed with a severe brain condition . Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson's cancer story but an apology won't cut it . Help for not just herself but help to say sorry for the actions she has caused.'
The Queen allows herself a look of horror as Ring of Truth is narrowly pipped to the post . The Queen, who has long been an avid racing fan, had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse Capel Path came in third.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school,which was located six miles away from her home. Friends, family, and fellow residents at her assisted living center were on hand to watch her walk in her black cap and gown as the traditional graduation song 'Pomp and Circumstance' played.
Australian citizen Bengali Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death after he and Queensland man Ibrahim Jalloh were arrested at Guangzhou airport (pictured) in June 2014 . The arrests were mentioned in a Melbourne Court last week where three men face trial, accused of being embroiled in a drug ring importing drugs to Australia from China.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky.
Filming a demonstration of his creation, the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another. The video was initially uploaded to Reddit by the user named toper-centage. According to one Reddit user there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made .
Endangered bears kept in cramped metal cages on bile farms in Vietnam are dying at a rate of two a day, a MailOnline investigation has found. Death sentence: bears are being slaughtered and sold for their body parts to the lucrative trade in Chinese medicine . Cruel: 30 bears have died at illegal bile farms in the tourist resort of Halong Bay in the past three months.
Apryl Foster was last seen on February 12 leaving a bar alone in Ybor City after a night of partying, having finished work at 11pm at Ulele Restaurant, where she was a waitress. After a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon, just a few blocks from her house. Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
We've also got video footage of McCoy's most memorable wins and everything else you need to know about the man who has been champion jockey every year he's been a professional. AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It .
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the ‘respect he deserves’ when he returns to the Emirates Stadium in the blue of Chelsea on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal on Sunday and Arsene Wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception . Wenger was at his cryptic best on Thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re-sign the player, saying: ‘We will have to discuss that one day. But you never know.’
Washington (CNN)An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month, sparking concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces, CNN has learned. The Navy MH-60R armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace, the official said.
Officers joked that the futuristic-looking car from the 1980s had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie . The Back to the Future trilogy featuring Michael J Fox was a massive hit between 1985 and 1990 making almost £750 million .
Apple Core Hotels' nyma, a new york manhattan hotel, offers rooms for under £100 per night . Zurich . To save money, opt to stay outside of the city core and instead look to North York's Best Western Plus, bookable on TripAdvisor from £83 per night or the Delta Toronto East, set just outside the downtown district.
Oscar nominee Carey Mulligan subsequently watched Alzheimer’s disease take hold of Margaret Booth. Despite being one of the greatest influences in Miss Mulligan’s career, having encouraged her to act and sing as a child, Mrs Booth is unaware of the extent of her granddaughter’s fame and appears to have struggled to recognise her for about eight years.
Birthday: The Queen, pictured at Newbury Racecourse on Saturday, is celebrating her 89th birthday today . This snap of the Queen by Australian hockey player Jayde Taylor rapidly went viral . Happy family: Her Majesty is about to become a great-grandmother for the fifth time .
Donna Hussey, 32 (right), has been targeted on Facebook and branded a 'bad mum' by trolls who blame her for the death of her son Freddie (left) - who was killed when a runaway trailer crushed him against a wall . Davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving .
Senator: Thad Cochran (R-MS) has yet to comment on the fact that his personal assistant and office manager Fred Pagan has been charged with trafficking drugs, including methamphetamine, from China . He is accused of buying the substances to exchange for sexual favors. Users can face two years in prison, suppliers up to 14 years.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath. The concrete road bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato.
In the end, two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Twelve FBI agents and six government vehicles followed Charleston.
In the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. Viewers' reactions of the video, which to date has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times, mostly included that Baron did the job better than most men. Baron was professionally trained at the Hillcountry K9 School.
Second-half goals by Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette helped Olympique Lyonnais go top of Ligue 1 with a 2-0 home win against Bastia on Wednesday. Alexandre Lacazette and Mohamed Yattara were both on the score sheet as Lyon beat Bastia .
The average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, a survey has found. And with 60 per cent saying they find most meetings 'pretty pointless', it's not surprising that one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
Experts have voiced concerns over DIY brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online . For a few hundred dollars, one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door . Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of 'snog, marry or avoid' The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of 'snog, marry or avoid'. Bright said she teased the Labour leader over his unlikely sex symbol status.
(CNN)The Solar Impulse 2, the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel, has been grounded by the weather in China.
The mission, a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's massive 7.8-magnitude quake, which left more than 5,000 people dead. He and other family members carried Forshani for four hours to reach Melamchi. With their home destroyed and their stores of grain lost, the family are in crisis.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. 'It's a bit like owning a driverless car that goes planet shopping.'
Frank Lampard has revealed he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public, saying that the game is changing and losing it's macho persona. Frank Lampard showed his support for gay footballers in an interview on Alan Carr's Chatty Man . With Lampard's career nearing the end, the New York City man is already thinking about what his next step will be - refusing to rule out the chance of becoming a manager.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison if convicted. Cleveland officer Michael Brelo is facing charges after two unarmed suspects were killed in this Chevy Malibu . Asked how he found out, Sabolik said: 'Because [Brelo] was talking about it.'
Two in three women (64 per cent) feel anxious just having their photo taken, while looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves, according to a survey of 5,000 people by market researchers OnePoll. The ITV show commissioned the survey and is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media .
Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation. We're just trying to locate where the gold deposit is.'
Ferguson, whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning .
Public housing tenants will  pay a bond under a NSW government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties . The state's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million . Mr Hazzard said the bond would be able to be paid in instalments.
Holidaymakers watched in horror as  a cannonball fired from a wooden trebuchet – the largest working siege machine in the world - struck a medieval thatched boathouse overlooking the River Avon at Warwick Castle . The fire forced hundreds of tourists to be evacuated from Warwick Castle (above) at about 5.45pm yesterday .
An Iowa politician who was accused of abusing his wife by having sex with her when she no longer had the capacity to consent because of her dementia has been cleared. Henry Rayhons is pictured tearfully hugging his daughter Sara Abbas after he was found not guilty of sexually assaulting his dementia suffering wife, following a trial in Hancock County . Speaking after the verdict he tearfully said 'the truth finally came out.'
The Aston Villa striker unleashes a flurry of punches as he closes in on a return to first-team action . The Villa attacker will be hoping to return to action against Manchester City on Saturday at the Etihad .
The girl over the past period has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called ISIS," he told broadcaster eNCA. We got her at Cape Town International Airport," Mahlobo said.
(OUP £16.99) Testosterone doesn’t always get a good press. All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone, yet as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life .
Despite its appearance it remains an attractive prospect for many car enthusiasts by offering the rare chance to restore a virtually-untouched DB4. There were about 1,100 DB4 Series III cars made from 1958 to 1963 - and it is becoming tougher to find one that offers a restoration project. In the boot: The engine was stripped, fully rebuilt and a new chassis fitted in 1983 - but the DB4 vehicle has hardly been touched since .
Hyalinobatrachium dianae (pictured) was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes .
Security will be beefed up for Anzac Day after five teenagers who were plotting an Islamic State-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids. Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across Australia to keep the public safe on April 25. Mr Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on Tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier, who refused his demands. Mohammad Ali Akhtar, pictured (left) just after the assault, was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at the Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester, and has revealed he thought he was going to die .
By 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of Germany, France, Spain and Portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots, including the Amazon (shown) and eastern Australia, conservationists have warned . The Cerrado . Sumatra . 80 per cent of projected losses will occur in just these 11 areas .
A volleyball-playing feline was picked to star in a national TV advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals. He said: 'All the family were really excited to see the advert.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK. The charity is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - £9.15 an hour in London and £7.85 for the rest of the UK - across both the public and private sector.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. The passenger posted the video online, and it went viral. Two other males joined in, police said.
In the case of Waze, we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies, whose roles in society are to protect our citizens and enforce the laws that keep our communities safe.
A man was horrified after finding a five inch piece of TIMBER in his frozen curry. Iceland  said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry .
This apparently stopped the full weight of the car from bearing down on her. The driver apparently lost control after turning a curve too fast, according to Voakes and the Yavapai County Sheriff's Office. The two passengers, aged 16 and 17, who have also not been identified, managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries .
Barnholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway, which has gone on the market for £695,000 after being transformed from old ruins . John and Janet Brennan (right) bought Barnholm Castle (left) for just £65,000 in 1997 and have spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it . The castle now has rooms over four floors as well as stunning sea views over Wigtown Bay.
Aware of the tragedy underway, however, Italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe, according to one European Union official.
Aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly in a puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire . The kids' father Brendon Crane-Hayes (right) with Aussie, who is being remembered by the family as a hero .
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth, showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade and while many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife. Jennifer Lopez . 16 years difference: Jennifer Lopez at 29 years old in 1999 (left) and now at 45 .
Victory over Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday enabled Brendan Rodgers’ squad to set up a date with Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday and Liverpool are hot favourites to reach the final. Captain Steven Gerrard, who is struggling to get in the side, will leave Anfield at the end of the season . ‘Nobody is talking about it,’ said Mignolet. There is still a lot to play for.
And if he gets to a point where there's nothing more medicine can do, he wants to be able to control when and how his life ends. According to Medscape, the organization that did the survey, 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide, up from 46 percent four years earlier.
Perez finished 13th at Sepang and admits Force India are relying on their June upgrade to come good .
Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company in New York, snapped the lucky shot. "I had a small moment of awe."
But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics. revealing that her baby boy was  22 inches long at the time of his birth, adding: 'He's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine.' Sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture .
(CNN)Two years ago in a less turbulent time, Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business, Memories Gourmet Pizza Co., in their Wisconsin town. But all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana, which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding. Indiana pizzeria finds itself at the center of 'religious freedom' debate .
Dutch international Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . Depay worked under Man United boss Louis van Gaal during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign .
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'. While Priscilla agreed to make an appearance, the woman who wed Elvis in 1967 made one thing clear before unveiling the latest wedding chapel to bear his name: No impersonators.
The eruption follows next season. United will be a serious challenger. Chelsea forward Eden Hazard (left) jostles for possession with Manchester United's Juan Mata on Saturday . United are considering an approach for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba (centre) in the next transfer window . Hazard shoots to score the opening goal against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
James Krainch was almost two-years-old when he toppled out of a second floor condo window and died . Michelle Newman said she hopes by sharing her story other parents will safety proof their homes . She added: 'I just heard a pop and I looked over my shoulder and I just saw his heels as he toppled out the window,' After he hit the ground James lost consciousness and was rushed to hospital.
Yet a 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the Premier League silverware on the pitch although a security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken. The Premier League had agreed to a request from the BBC to film the trophy at Stamford Bridge to help with their programme preparation in advance of Chelsea’s two games this week.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. 'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided.' The 'tragedy' of California, Fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia,' and still 'liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system over decades during a period in which California’s population has doubled.' 'That's because you can't store what's not there,' she said. A spokeswoman for Fiorina doubled down her boss' claims in an email to Daily Mail Online, saying, 'It is clear that the radical environmental lobby would prefer to ignore the facts on this one.'
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has confirmed she will return to competition in London this July following her break from athletics to become a mother. But her return to action sets up the prospect of a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson, the brilliant young British heptathlete who is the heir to Ennis-Hill's throne.
John Travolta claims Scientology has helped him 'save lives', including his own. The actor believes the controversial church is targeted 'because it's not understood'. His words came in an interview with Good Morning America to promote his new thriller The Forger about the world's most infamous art plagiarist. But amid questions about the 61-year-old's penchant for oil painting, interviewer Amy Robach brought up Going Clear, the explosive new documentary that alleges church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from Travolta's sessions with auditors. 'I've loved every minute': John Travolta smiled as he spoke out in defense of his controversial religion . He urged critics to 'take time and read a book.'
But Adebayor's wages will prove a key factor this summer, with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move. The 31-year-old Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs .
Drank himself to death: Charles Terreni Jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died . An 18-year-old University of Carolina freshman who was found dead after a St Patrick's Day party died of alcohol poisoning in a 'tragic and totally preventable death', a coroner has ruled. Suspended: The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended, after a brother was found dead in a house Wednesday morning .
Shaw admits that he has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag since joining Manchester United . The 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for United this campaign, after featuring in twice as many matches for Southampton last season.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the US helped Chechen Islamic insurgents wage war against Russia . In a documentary aired today  on state-owned Rossiya-1 TV channel, he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. Putin said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question .
Ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert, pictured on March 10, was allegedly slashed by Kim KI-jong at a breakfast forum on March 5 . Prosecutors have also been investigating whether Kim violated a controversial law that bans praise or assistance for North Korea. Anti-U.S. activists such as Kim have long blamed the presence of 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in the South as a deterrent to the North for the continuing split of the Korean Peninsula.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . Jake McPake wheels away in celebration as helps Dundee earn first derby win in over a decade .
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said. Slayings: The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck . Officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman's sister called police. Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Cristiano Ronaldo will start for Real Madrid against Eibar on Saturday after his yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. That appeal has now been successful and Ronaldo - who netted his 300th goal for the club in Wednesday's win - will be part of Los Blancos' starting XI against Eibar.
Japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway. The airport has been closed as a result of the crash, and emergency services are at the scene, with injured passengers being taken to hospital.
World number one Novak Djokovic eased into the third round of the Monte Carlo Masters with a straight sets victory over qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas. David Ferrer is also through after his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder problem .
As a result, May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe - visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris. Now the pair have been joined on their trips by Miss Wong’s new dog, George.
Emmanuel Adebayor pictured on his last start for Tottenham against Aston Villa back in early November . They, like Tottenham, did not get their money’s worth out of him either. He has no future at Spurs. Darren Dein, son of former Arsenal vice president David, was brokering a deal that gave West Ham, Adebayor and Tottenham the option to make his move permanent. Harry Kane (left) has 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season .
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'. The 26-year-old, an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife, recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. 'His actions were intended to be light-hearted,' the statement said. 'It was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on, and so obviously I immediately apologised for that.
He is accused of walking into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday and killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing  on a motorbike. He will be extradited back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder. In court: Kenneth Stancil, pictured in court on Tuesday, said he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth' as he appeared before the judge in Daytona Beach, Florida. He said Lane, who had been his supervisor at the college's print shop until Stancil was fired last month, had been 'messing with' one of Stancil's family members. Police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime.
James McArthur 8 . A superb, full hearted performance by the midfielder who made several vital clearances. Glenn Murray 8.5 . Manuel Pellegrini 5 .
Vandalized: Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint . All clean: The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible .
Its centrepiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of ‘English votes for English laws’ – giving English MPs an effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents. Inflammatory: Prime Minister David Cameron (left) will be joined by William Hague (right) as they launch the English manifesto - with the latter expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom' by SNP .
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. While another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near North America, Antarctica and New Zealand are most likely to die out.
Dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin, but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. Stephens (center) was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin and is now paralyzed . The shooting was ruled to be justified and Lin returned to work four days later.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund – mainly due to borrowing to buy expensive homes. The findings, in the IMF’s Global Financial Stability Report, are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on Caen midfielder N'golo Kante.
Stuart McCall revealed captain Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players after being sent off in the 2-1 win over runaway Scottish Championship winners Hearts at Ibrox.
Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance during Saturday's defeat by Chelsea and congratulates his former side as they close in on the Premier League title. But United dominated possession  and limited Chelsea to just two shots on target and Mata, who returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club in January last year, claims his side can take many positives from the game.
(CNN)When the earthquake hit, many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. Several miles away from Kathmandu, witnesses have been unable to immediately confirm the levels of destruction which have occurred in the lavish town of Bhaktapur.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia. Taken: Alondra Luna Nunez's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online .
Firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked  to free the boy, who was trapped for more than half an hour . It is believed the temporary plastic drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon .
Novak Djokovic raises his arms aloft after claiming victory over Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open . The Serbian yells after Murray broke his serve to claim the second set and take the match to a decider . World No 1 Djokovic powers a forehand back at the Scotsman during their clash in Key Biscayne, Florida . Djokovic dives desperately at the net as the first set goes the distance in the blazing heat .
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana, and that he repeatedly had sex with her despite her protests. The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her, Diaz said. Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year.
He had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater  where he was arrested (above) with a full box of condoms on him . Kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.
The Norway international was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane, and was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for Juventus after 17 minutes as they beat Lazio on Saturday . Earlier on Saturday, ambitious Sampdoria were held to an unlikely goalless draw by Cesena but used the point to take a share of fourth place.
Gwyneth isn't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever. Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich . Klopp has already announced that he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer . Beckenbauer has tipped Klopp (left) to replace Guardiola at the Allianz Arena in the future .
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. Thank you' By her side: The star - married to Tom Hanks - announced on Tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy (pictured together in February) 'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery. Wilson released the statement on Tuesday after it was announced earlier this month that she had temporarily left the Broadway play, written by and starring Larry David.
The bulldog puppy named Hazel stands inside the basket and rather foolishly leans up against the side of it . Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos uploaded to both Youtube and Instagram .
The dominant Easter Road side hit the post just before the break through Fraser Fyvie and again in the second half through fellow midfielder Scott Allan, with the Bairns rarely threatening. However, the Hibees were stunned in the 74th minute when Falkirk midfielder Craig Sibbald headed in a Blair Alston cross to set up a meeting on May 30 with either Inverness or Celtic.
Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Companies that help arrange surrogate pregnancies estimate 25 couples are now in Kathmandu with newborn surrogate children, while 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks.
Some of the 2,500 police officers who were involved in tracking down the Boston Marathon bombers showed a lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights with the brothers, a new report reveals. In the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target', the 130-page document states. They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. Shortly after the firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013 - which resulted in the death of Tamerlan Tsarnaev - an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. Suspect: Then, later in the night, when Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat, an officer 'fired his weapon without appropriate authority,' causing others to believe the bomber was shooting at them. 'The hospitals that received patients rendered life-saving medical care; as a result, every patient that was transported to a hospital from the scene survived,' the report states. A further 264 people were wounded in the worst attack on US soil since the 9/11 terrorist atrocity.
More than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an A or an A* grade, Department for Education statistics reveal. The latest figures show that one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten A grades. The figures suggest Britain’s most able students are increasingly getting top marks in all subjects.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train about 1.40pm on Wednesday. Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti told Daily Mail Australia he was shocked by the ugly incident. 'God bless Stacey Eden who supported us.' Mr Bhatti reached out to Ms Eden on his Facebook page after the story emerged. Mr Bhatti also said his community, near Brisbane, had invited Ms Eden to visit them one day. He also confirmed he will speak with police on Friday regarding the incident. the woman said. Mariam Veiszadeh (pictured), a lawyer and public advocate for the rights of Muslims, says incidents such as these are increasingly common .
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people. Greystone Park became one of the largest asylums, housing 7,500 patients, and became known for high numbers of rapes and suicides . The interior of the building has been left to decay so badly, with windows and roofing blown out, it would be too expensive to restore it . But campaigners claim the French Renaissance-style building contains a lot of elements of history that should be preserved not destroyed .
A new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13, and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama, giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage, giving viewers a very intense experience as if they're actually there in the disaster-zone. Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions, drawing the other two, while their last league victory was way back on January 24 against Motherwell. Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee United's recent slide ahead of Wednesday's  derby game . Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week in attempt to warn the public of the dangerous stunts that could be seen on the roads. Quick fix: The van is seen with a flat tyre, prompting the police to believe the driver was on his way to garage .
Rafael Nadal sneaked past John Isner in the Monte Carlo Masters as he struggled to against his big serve . Roger Federer was knocked out the competition by the talented Frenchman Gael Monfils in straight sets .
The women of ancient history, including Mary Queen of Scots, who washed herself in white wine, had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . Meanwhile, the ladies of ancient India used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime and were said to treat problem skin and cracked heels using the bizarre ingredient.
Among the more unlikely pairings is Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in Spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to James Alexandrou, 30, an actor best known for his role as Martin Fowler in Eastenders. Blonde ambition: Prince Harry's ex-girfriend, 29-year-old Chelsy Davy, looks very much like soap queen Letitia Dean, 47 . Strikingly similar: John Meyer, pictured left, and Johnny Depp, right, both have sharp cheekbones, dark hair and a penchant for hipster specs . A tale of two hard men: Bruce Willis and Ross Kemp are both famous for playing tough guys - and they look similar as well .
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth last month, costing £255. Footage taken by a dashcam fitted by Shaun Ingram to his Ford Focus ST, which showed a mechanic taking a customer's car for a joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone . It also showed included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car .
Stephanie Hannon, director of product management, civic innovation and social impact at Google, has come aboard the Hillary Express as Mrs. Clinton's technology guru . Seasoned digital talent is in high demand as nearly 20 potential White House hopefuls plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks, likes, shares and other indications of a broad reach. Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul, who announced his candidacy on Tuesday in Louisville, poached his tech leader from rival candidate Ted Cruz late last year. Clinton's staff also includes several key members who came over from the White House.
The former Made In Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy. Ashley James is using her new role to try and convert shoppers.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action. YouTube user Flying Humboldt claims the French Bulldog is his. The 15-year-old said he was with his mother and they left the pet in their SUV with the sunroof slightly ajar.
His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father. 'The gas chambers were a detail of the war, unless we admit that the war was a detail of the gas chambers!' During an interview on BFM TV in Paris, Mr Le Pen said 'the truth' should 'not shock anyone', and that historical reality should not be used to portray him as anti-Jewish. He is being deliberately provocative.'
Barcelona and PSG meet on April 15 in the French capital, and Neymar told Samba Foot: 'It will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players. That means it'll be a real spectacle.
This blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000 . Meanwhile, in Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic’s garage for three generations. A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell for $2 million . This parking space, located in Sydney's CBD, is advertised for the selling price of $330,000 .
Officers in Mesquite early Sunday came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. Pulled him out: The dashcam rolled as Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto managed to get 25-year-old Hector Valles out of his SUV and stamp out his burning clothes . He is a fighter.
Gary Ballance plays a shot during day four of England's first Test against West Indies on Thursday . Root salutes the stands after he brought up his half century earlier in the day . Other than that it was pretty much plain sailing for England, with Jos Buttler also returning to form with an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls. Stuart Broad (centre) celebrates with his England team-mates after taking the wicket of Kraigg Brathwaite .
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. It hints that people respected the dead enough to cremate them and not simply abandon them, as has been previously believed.
A dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford, police said, as a man was arrested over her murder. The 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with, officers said. Her body was discovered with 'massive injuries' around 3pm on Friday afternoon, prompting police to launch a murder investigation. A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested.
Pranks: Jeremy Clarkson is now a green campaigner and Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note, according to April Fool's Day reports . Sacrilege: The Telegraph says that the Leaning Tower of Pisa is going to become a luxury hotel . The new trio, dubbed 'Ant and Dec and Anton du Beke', will make their television debut on February 30 next year.
Watching the race on a Trackside TV, Bosson's agent Adian Rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.
A magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at Education Queensland who has been charged with child sex offences. Mr O'Connor, a former Catholic brother, was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago .
Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage after accusing the German and team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'.
Mouldy food was discovered in a restaurant by inspectors after a diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 in fines for the ‘dangerous’ owner. Mouldy food and dirty floor: Inspectors found kitchen equipment at The Steer Inn was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .
And now its medicinal properties are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs. There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp, believed to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight. While hemp contains higher levels of legal CDB.
Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside team-mate Paddy Barnes. Barnes, in quite colourful language, also told Sportsmail that both he and Conlan had to overcome upset stomachs to compete.
Local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands, in different parts of the island; even the governor said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013, without his knowledge.
As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message, and that he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office. It has to include increases in wages and benefits.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug. Health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the 'winter vomiting bug' A sign posted on the door of the hotel warns visitors about an ‘airborne virus’ at the premises .
Since 2011, the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO. Scroll down for video .
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. Her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem, rather than drinking liquid. 'Even tears can trigger the hives.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has revealed he was warned about taking over at Ibrox by Walter Smith - but insists he has made the right decision. The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts. Stuart McCall says he was warned not to take the Rangers job but is pleased that he took the risk in the end .
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am. Upon entering the house Hildebidle was found dead. Chief Mullen described the incident as a tragedy, but it is not believed to be linked to be linked to the case of Michael Slager, the white South Carolina police officer charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back.
A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. Two in five had injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
Films on Buy and Keep can be bought by creating an account, or signing in, at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app on Android and iOS. Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies (pictured) and Paddington, alongside classics such Avatar and Back to the Future .
Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want. People line up for bread, they line up for cooking fuel, and the electricity only works a few hours a day. And from late afternoon onward, most people stay indoors. Saudi officials said they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
Wolves substitute David Edwards races away in celebration after scoring a late winner . So it was that the substitute rose two minutes from time to head McDonald’s telling cross into the top corner to wrap up the win that took Wolves into sixth place.
'A bit of understated luxury,' is what it says in the directory. Well set: Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, The Mistley Thorn offers award-winning dining and accommodation . Essex .
A 19-year-old woman is wanted by police after video appeared online this week, showing the teenager hitting and running over a rival with her car in a ruthless street fight. In December, she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting. Bystanders emit loud shrieks as Smith-Walker is then seen speeding forward with her car, knocking the victim onto the asphalt and running her over before speeding down the street. This is apparently the second arrest for Smith-Walker in recent months for a crime involving her car.
Olly Barkley has extended his stay at London Welsh after signing a new contract at the relegated-club . Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season after finishing bottom of the Aviva Premiership.
It said MPs had a duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’ in schools and create a ‘positive climate of understanding about sexuality’. But critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age. Meanwhile, Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs. However, the union said the changes were needed to tackle prejudice which was ‘still strongly prevalent in our schools’.
A devoted father was killed when a deer crashed through the windshield of the family car as he rushed his pregnant wife to hospital for the birth of their eighth child. The accident occurred when the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van Rogan was driving. Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses.
Two days before assaulting a BBC producer, Jeremy Clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer. And Top Gear always came first.’ Clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear, but wrote in his column in The Sunday Times: ‘That was the most stressful day I have ever had in 27 years at the BBC.
Egg-traordinary: US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg (shown on the left) that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ In the video, Elman511 cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white.
Some 43 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' when compared to David Cameron . More people think Ed Miliband is hungriest for a win and appears to be enjoying the campaign more than his Tory rival . 'I'm feeling pumped up.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi could be struck off after he admitted secretly filming men in the gym showers by cutting a hole in Lynx shampoo bottles and concealing his iPhone inside before he put bottles into cubicles . He now faces a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off the medical register after a Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service hearing in Manchester found him guilty of misconduct and told his ability to practise medicine had been impaired. I was caught. Al-Atraqchi said he secretly filmed the men to 'let off steam' because his job was very stressful .
He told the judge he would like an attorney and one will be appointed to him on Friday. In court: Stancil, who has multiple neo-Nazi tattoos, made his first appearance in the North Carolina courtroom on Thursday after he was transferred from Florida, where he was arrested on Tuesday . Gunned down: Stancil, pictured left in his mug shot, allegedly shot his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ron Lane, pictured right, on Monday morning. He added that he hated gay people 'with a passion' - but said that was only one of the reasons he killed Lane, who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before Stancil was fired for absenteeism.
Marseille, France (CNN)Initial tests on the flight data recorder recovered from downed Germanwings Flight 9525 show that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, according to the French air accident investigation agency, the BEA.
The Hammers' once promising campaign has tailed off, with a run of just one win in 11 Barclays Premier League games seeing the club slip from Champions League contention to mid-table. Carl Jenkinson holds off the challenge from Jesus Navas during West Ham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester City . 'People aren't resting on their laurels, people ain't happy finishing mid-table. We want to kick on.
The big-hitting top-order batsman has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket with England . Since the series against India last August, Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches .
As expected, Amir Khan will fight Manny Pacquiao's recent victim Chris Algieri in New York and has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
A petition has been launched asking for Sunrise's Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month, dubbed by some viewers as 'racist'. Confusing moment: Interviewing non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer, she congratulated Lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' Mistake? Unhappy viewers: A Change.com petition was launched on Monday and demands that Armytage, producer Michael Pell or a representative from Sunrise apologise for the comment.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Stuart Gray is the manager of the club and has done well since taking over from former boss Dave Jones .
Now decorated in airy white and cream colours, the house was a former summer residence for European royalty until the 1940s . Villa Nicobar . Located in the exclusive Gallery Bay Heights, the neighbours, which include Giorgio Armani, are just as stylish as the property itself .
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the proposal. Mr Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .
Gertrude Weaver, the world's oldest person, died at 116 on Monday in Camden, Arkansas . She attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking. She was the daughter of sharecroppers and worked as a domestic helper. Jeralean Talley, of Detroit, is now the world's oldest person, according to the Gerontology Research Group.
Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is a target for Serie A sides Juventus and Inter Milan this summer . The Holland international turns 32 in August and will have one year left on his contract at the end of this season. United could make a move for PSG striker Edinson Cavani (right) when the transfer window reopens .
Nigel Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders’ debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Nicole Mayhew (right) had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband Scott (left) to find him trapped under the car . Mrs Mayhew believes it was divine intervention the caused her to come home just in time to save her husband's life.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity (shown). It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up. One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface .
Aimee West, 24, was devastated when her husband-to-be Fusilier Rigby (pictured) was hacked to death in the street in Woolwich, south east London, two years ago . Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales and became engaged in 2013 .
Modifying the DNA of human embryos so that DNA changes are preserved in the germline - the sperm and eggs - means such alterations can be passed on to future generations. Germ line genetic editing alters the DNA in sperm and egg cells - meaning the changes can be passed on . 'This makes it dangerous and ethically unacceptable. Their fears tap into concerns that such technology could be used to create 'designer families' where certain traits are selected for.
A green-tinged cloaked figure in a medieval manuscript (pictured) bears more than a little resemblance to Yoda from the Star Wars films, but is in fact a part of a strange representation of the Biblical story of Samson . However, it’s not clear which character ‘Yoda’ is meant to be in the tale.
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. It is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy. This is a senseless loss of life.' Disaster: On Sunday afternoon, when the shooting occurred, the baby's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch after learning of the death of her son.
Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool’s transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football – as they step up their pursuit of Memphis Depay. Paris St Germain have also spoken to the 21-year-old, who scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season. PSV are looking for £25million for Depay, who has also been linked with Bayern Munich, and while Rodgers would neither confirm nor deny Liverpool’s interest, he did acknowledge it is players of Depay’s quality he is aiming to attract.
He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service. 'Fresh in our Memories' was launched last week in the lead up to the centenary marking the landing at Gallipoli . The supermarket's campaign backfired with customers taking to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger . The supermarket has been inundated with comments like the one pictured on social media . Twitter was flooded with memes of the Woolworths campaign. Mrs Jackson said the RSL was not consulted about the campaign.
A good Samaritan was given a parking ticket after he pulled over to help an elderly woman he thought was dying. Student Drew Hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement. But as he helped her for less than a minute, a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car – because Mr Hollinshead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act for not updating his address .
The family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji and his wife Anoud left their 3,300 square foot Florida home in August 2001, but did not take cars, furniture or food from their fridge . An FBI agent who investigated the disappearance after neighbors thought it was suspicious said that the family had 'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001'. The Congressional Joint Inquiry into the attack, which Graham co-chaired, contained 28 fully  pages that are said to have spoken about who financed 9/11 that were fully redacted by the Bush administration. Senator Graham said the pages 'point a very strong finger' at the government of Saudi Arabia, rather than wealthy Saudi individuals, as the backers of the attack.
Manchester United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and fellow defender Jonny Evans is banned. Striker Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble, while midfielder Andreas Pereira is on Brazil Under 20 duty. Manchester City . Strikers Wilfried Bony (ankle/knee) and Stevan Jovetic are also out, as is defender Dedryck Boyata (knee).
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way in Red Hill, Canberra on July 2012.
However, with Rovers' promotion hopes over for this season the Benin international has set his sights on a move away from the club - with Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom all having showing an interest in the £7million-rated 6ft 4ins forward in the past. Gestede (left) has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn this season .
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the Boston Marathon bombings and murder of an MIT police officer. The jury was sent home Thursday because a juror was sick. They have portrayed him as obsessed with jihad, spending hours in his computer trolling al Qaeda-style websites. Alexa Guevara testified that Tsarnaev "was private about his family," and did not discuss politics or religion with her. "He encouraged me to go to art school," she said.
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona. The bull running takes part during the annual San Fermin Fiesta, and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Wimbledon semi-finalist Milos Raonic and 19-year-old Australian Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Amber Anderson, 27, arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman two years ago has admitted to the relationship and apologized for 'taking the victim's innocence' The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother, reports WAFB. Concerned over what she had seen, the mother confronted Anderson and told her to stop texting her son.
Athletic Bilbao Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser to deny his former club Valencia victory . Getafe celebrate after taking a step closer to survival by defeating Elche through Fredy Hinestroza's strike . Ecuadorian Felipe Caicedo scored twice for Espanyol in the 3-0 defeat of Villarreal .
In 2012, the 29-year-old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury while this latest setback has almost certainly ruled him out of the World Cup.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour, noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'. Both Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary, with the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carrying a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban. Klemmer meanwhile was sin-binned after crowding in on Sutton alongside Graham and yelling 'You're off your f****ing face,' at the lead referee.
Just hours before the party launched its women's manifesto, the Labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10. Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist. Mr Miliband admitted that he would be hit by his planned Mansion Tax on his £2million north London home .
Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005. The Spaniard was suspended for Real Madrid's Champions League final victory against Atletico last year . Clarence Seedorf (centre) won four Champions League with three clubs, including two with AC Milan .
Jonathan Trott (left) and Alastair Cook head out to open England's second innings against West Indies . Yes, form is a concern — he hasn’t scored an international century in two years but this is a man who reached 25 Test hundreds in record time.
Stuart McCall has revealed he will be cheering on Livingston during their match against Hibernian . Rangers dropped points against Livingston by drawing 1-1 with the Scottish Championship strugglers . Rangers are four points ahead of Hibernian .
Switzerland's Steve Guerdat may be the London Olympic champion, but his Longines FEI World Cup jumping victory in Vegas came at the 10th attempt.
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday . Trott looks sure to open with Alastair Cook (left) in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua on Monday . Trott is set for his first Test appearance since his Ashes turmoil against Mitchell Johnson 18 months ago .
The man in his 50s, who has only been named as Mr Zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City in east China when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike. Villagers from Shoma Ying said that his younger brother had been on the same junction last August, when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly, according to the People's Daily Online.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho could return to take charge of Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa . Arbeloa says Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup with Chelsea last month . Raphael Varane, said to be a summer target for Mourinho, ended on good terms with his former manager .
Rotherham boss Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines after his relegation-threatened side were denied a penalty in their narrow Sky Bet Championship defeat at Birmingham. The hosts had led through first-half goals by Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson, before Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot, but its bed and wheels had been stripped. When Coria went on Facebook after the truck was found, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevy Stepside bed. Police may charge him for theft and unlawfully carrying a gun.
Courtney was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago. Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding. 'Now I just want to do it before it is too late.'
Blindness didn't stop one New Hampshire man from taking on the Tough Mudder last week, where he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully ring a bell while swinging on a rope 25 feet in the air. Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006. He has since climbed all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn .
Stretching out his arms and looking beseechingly upwards, this is the moment that 16-month-old Noah Ginesi from Penrith in Cumbria reached out for a hug with Prince Charles. The heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the Rheged Centre in Cumbria, where the Prince of Wales was meeting farmers and charity staff.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the Champions League places. Manchester City have struggled to keep up with Chelsea, who are closing in on the Premier League trophy .
SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle . Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
(CNN)People magazine has anointed Sandra Bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015, the publication revealed on Wednesday. "No, be a good person; be a good mom; do a good job with the lunch; let someone cut in front of you who looks like they're in a bigger hurry.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’.
A respected NatWest bank manager who was jailed for stealing £185,000 from his elderly customers to fund his internet gambling addiction will have to pay back every penny. Mason, who was jailed for 15 months in November last year, has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot.
Totally crazy. He was excited and asked me to record it. I remained calm since I had my son on the phone. Stay in the car with the seat belt on.
Mr Bavishi is a joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd with eldest son Manish Bavishi, who lives in Kenton, north-west London, and usually runs the business full-time. Mr Bavisihi said robbers almost certainly had some inside information .
Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them,  the New York Post reported. He then turned on Saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the Post. 'We were both stabbed,' Saltare can be heard saying. We are scared for our lives!' Arrested: Atlanta Hawks' players Thabo Sefolosha, left, and Pero Antić, right, were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived. All three players were in the city for games on Wednesday .
Apple founder Steve Jobs' widow Laurene has told of her admiration for Democratic White House front-runner Hillary Clinton. She is revolutionary. Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa.
All aboard: Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams on the narrowboat he spent £50,000 on to convert into a German submarine. Both were jailed today, Williams for more than four years and Howarth for 20 months .
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics. To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online.
A period of striving came to an end for Liverpool and Brendan Rodgers at the Emirates on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted Liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to Arsenal 4-1 on Saturday . 'Up to the defeat against Manchester United we were the form team and playing very, very well. We have been dealt two big blows in these last two games.
The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday, the Jamaica Constabulatory Force said in a press release. "Just Got Paid"  was a No.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face.
Lisa Morgan, 40, a legal secretary, amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend Sean Meade, 45, to claim he had been unfaithful. Visitors to the Top of the World Roofing website are told it has 'ceased trading at present' as the boss was 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again'. She also contacted his estranged wife Joanne - who told her he had cheated on her as well.
Amy Murray (pictured) assaulted a woman during a screening of Fifty Shades of Grey after people became annoyed with her for laughing at the sex scenes . Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly when she appeared before magistrates in Colchester.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found, North Las Vegas police said. Lachaux and the teen apparently hid the badly decomposed body in the back seat of a broken-down Mercedes in the garage.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl, the site of the national cemetery, as the nation prepared to mark its Memorial Day on Wednesday. Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors.
‘Tonight is a set-back but we’ve got to make sure on Sunday that we don’t have another set-back or then it can become a problem.
The former Newcastle forward has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season. Ranger has been AWOL since early in December and says the club took the mick with his contract .
The Brazilian wants his team-mates to remain focused in their final eight games of the season . Blues boss Jose Mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform, according to Willian .
It is one of the quirks of this venue that no first-time winner has retained his title the next year. If they go in he can beat anyone.’ Maflin demonstrated those gifts in demolishing Steve Davis 10-1 in qualifying. Selby (above) will face tournament debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday .
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane . Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock at Turf Moor in the 0-0 draw on Sunday afternoon .
Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition, after it was claimed they stole more than $50,000. The couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges, according to mlive.com . 'It's an issue because they were purchased with stolen money,' Pickell reportedly told mlive.com .
The Pope’s weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain. Francis himself has suggested that he does not expect to live to an old age.
Cahill and Herrera go head-to-head after the United man was penalised for diving late on at Stamford Bridge . ‘I am happy that it was not a Chelsea player,’ he said. Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Cheslea after saying the incident will be forgotten because it is a Manchester United player .
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven . Femail spoke to Lifesum nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson who said that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force, while black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . Once it was taken to the vet by a passer-by, doctors found maggots in its mouth while also discovering that the cat had injuries including a broken jaw, broken leg, broken hard palate and bruised lungs. For Seven, the vet clinic has been his temporary home for the last month where he is slowly learning to walk again. Doctors say Seven will be ready for his new home in about six weeks time.
Indulging in two hot cross buns (without jam and butter) will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off . For four solid mini chocolate Easter eggs it would take 30 to 40 minutes of walking to work off the 550 kilojoules. The key for Easter indulgence is noting our 'energy in' and 'energy out' and balancing food and fitness .
Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity . Sofia likes to ride her horses, she has also said she will dedicate some time to walking her dogs .
All they had to do was test the gun. Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders. 'I shouldn't have sat on death row for 30 years,' Hinton told reporters. 'All they had to do was test the gun,' he said. The family of one of the men who Hinton was convicted of killing was less happy.
Ed Miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even Labour figures that they will backfire. But the Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were ‘riddled with loopholes’ and may make tenants’ lives worse. Senior Tories called the proposal ‘drivel’ and said it would suppress house building and push rents up.
Queensland amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee, who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride. Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions. They were not given a co-worker to lessen the workload.
Pep Guardiola, whose side were outplayed in Portugal on Wednesday, remains Manchester City's first choice to replace under-fire Manuel Pellegrini. 2013–NOW: Bayern Munich . Jurgen Klopp is another who has been linked with a move to the Premier League . The Borussia Dortmund manager confirmed he will be leaving the German club at the end of the season .
'Wrote to Richie Benaud when I was 16 about bowling leggies. Jonathan Stevenson, who now works at LiveWire Sport, was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on Twitter  as a tribute to the 'great man' Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers . The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer.
Michelle Pfeiffer (left) is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric (right) The series was created by Diane English (above with Candice Bergen), who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor . The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
(CNN)The quaint town of Dunblane, Scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend Andy Murray to his long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears.
Porto train ahead of their Wednesday clash against Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-finalo . Julen Lopetegui says Porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated . Lopetegui (top left) and Pep Guardiola (second top form right next to Jose Mourinho) for Barcelona in 1996 .
"Joni was found unconscious in her home (Tuesday) afternoon. Some of Mitchell's best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me" and "Free Man in Paris," but she has penned hits for other artists too.
After Mr Erstad found the worms on Sunday, there have been multiple reports or worm rainfall in Norway . He said he found reports of the same strange phenomenon taking place in Sweden in the 1920s.
'I met Marjorie a few years ago, when I was taking Spanish lessons at her house and I was very impressed with the way she was with her siblings and her love for the Lord,' Josiah told People. Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
A series of pictures by German artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . The jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of Jörg Düsterwald, a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from Hameln, Germany.
TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz has defended himself after ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. He continued: ‘We provide multiple points of view, including mine, which is offered without conflict of interest. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
Stefan de Vrij (right) headed Holland in front against Spain at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday . David de Gea was given a start by Vicente del Bosque but could not keep out De Vrij's header here .
Fashion's most well-connected designer, Olivier Rousteing, has revealed why he snapped Kim Kardashian and Kanye West up to front his Balmain campaign . The French designer, who recruited the loved-up couple for his Army Of Lovers campaign, says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family.
Washington (CNN)An off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service was arrested Friday in Washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property, the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department reported.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has praised the rebirth of resurrection Marouane Fellaini . Fellaini, pictured against Aston Villa on April 4, is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday . In the corresponding fixture last season, the Belgian (back) was criticised by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss .
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police.
Kevin Pietersen has announced plans to begin his season with Surrey against Oxford MCCU in The Parks. Pietersen, hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship, signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
Laura Robson (centre) shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival with two friends . Her last appearance was over a year ago, in the first round of the 2014 Australian Open, where she was swept aside in straight sets by Kirtsen Flipkens and she has not played since due to a left wrist problem. Robson is now said to be nearing a return and is  targeting the French Open in May .
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy, ... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'. The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes . He was a one off.' Herrera's favourite goal for United came against League One side Yeovil in the FA Cup third round .
Big serving John Isner became the first American to reach the semi finals in Miami since 2011 . Kei Nishikori could not cope with Isner's power play in a straight sets 6-4, 6-3 defeat .
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex when he grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair and hired a private investigator to follow her. Brighton Magistrates' Court heard they agreed to stay together but O'Riordan later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest, torso, arms and back. This is all your fault.' O'Riordan pleaded guilty to wounding with intent but denied a charge of attempted murder.
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Oliver Kahn (left) and Peter Schmeichel star in Tiplico's latest advert where they renew their rivalry . In the advert, the duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades. Schmeichel (left) was on the winning side as United beat Bayern 2-1 in the 1999 Champions League final .
William Ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker, an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year. Today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder, with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served, Al.com reported. The world is a very different place than it was 15 years ago when you went to jail.'
Dr Welby’s praise of martyrdom was made as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Researchers have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins and by tweaking them, they can convert this lip into a standard petal.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, stole £200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco store in Birmingham, court heard . A millionaire company director was caught on CCTV shoplifting £200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco supermarket. He was given a 12-month community order and must pay £575 in costs .
Robin, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58 . Pictured here in Poldark, he was struck by Michel Montignac's book, Dine Out And Lose Weight, which advocates giving up white (refined) carbohydrates rather than counting calories . Robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes, as he found there was a lack of recipes available.
Dundee rogue Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction after assaulting a police officer . Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season .
Jermain Defoe (centre) connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle United . Advocaat gestures to his players during the Tyne-Wear derby clash at the Stadium of Light . And the Uruguayan tastes victory in his . first Tyne-Wear derby thanks to Fabio Borini’s 84th-minute winner. Newcastle 0-1 Sunderland .
Neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals. These are an incomplete diaphysis – or the middle part of long bones - of a right forearm bone, another of a left leg bone and the majority of a right thigh bone. Cut marks seen on the thigh bone of the Neanderthal child. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins (stock image shown) - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings . 'They got the League Cup final in the bag and they could have played a Championship team (Falkirk) in the final.
Crew on Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker, which rescued those on board Thunder, said the captain of the now submerged ship was seen cheering . 'It appeared as though the ship and crew were in a serious situation.' 'Our suspicion is that the captain of the Thunder, knowing he's run out of fuel, has deliberately sunk his own boat in order to destroy any physical evidence,' he said. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd ship 'Bob Barker' has rescued 40 crew members from the sinking ship .
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November believing she would get playing time, but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team. The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family sued the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association on March 10 after they said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league.
Form victim to hero: Terry McCarty was just six years old (left) when he suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident. He said: 'After the accident I lived in a constant state of fear and uncertainty. Why should I let fear take over my life?'
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday or they will be seized. Animal rights activists have been complaining against the treatment of the tigers for years .
But this child has amassed thousands of Twitter followers with his pictorial updates of 'gang life'. Scroll down for video . The child's tweets have prompted backlash from other Twitter users and members of the community.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Traffic stop: In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina. He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . 'I feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked, not all officers are racist, bad people, and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims.
Manchester City manager Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title . Pellegrini knows hisside can ill afford to fall further behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race .
The Argentine forward, 21, has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs after some dazzling performances in Serie A, and scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday. Paolo Dybala says he could be playing his final games for Palermo as Arsenal and Juventus prepare moves .
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to FSH on March 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. She has called for the hospital to be shut down. Doctors at Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth asked Ms Tabram to fast for five days after arriving at the hospital on March 30 with a swollen abdomen .
The Tory leader, who has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters, embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford. The Hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 2016-17 season. The lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289, the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99, and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games in the top flight for £776.
A five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their  terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off. Little Elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA). Take him on a ferry . Watch the sunset and sunrise .
Marks and Spencer's first clothes sales rise for four years has today been credited to its fashion supremo Belinda Earl, the former Saturday shopgirl parachuted in to turn round the business. The M&S share price rose 20p as the London Stock Exchange opened this morning - taking them above £5.50. On the up: Food sales were also up after M&S enjoyed a record Valentine's Day period, especially on it dine-in deals and flowers .
Tiny babies are more sensitive to pain than adults, according to a study of infants’ brains which overturns the medical consensus. Until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China and was captured by photographer Libby Zhang. She said: 'The crowd burst out in a roar of laughter - it was during feeding time and several chickens were tossed at the tigers.
Nick Scholfield is lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree on April 11 .
Former Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure to Inter . Inter remain keen on Jovetic's Manchester City team-mate Yaya Toure.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target as Dortmund returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory against relegation-threatened Paderborn at Signal Iduna Park. The win came three days after manager Jurgen Klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer .
(CNN)Marine life seen swimming in unusual places. Water temperatures warmer than they should be. A University of Washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific -- for months. It appears that food has moved to cooler waters. And the blob affects people on other areas of the country.
The teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. The 18-year-old has played for the Wales youth national teams at U19, U17 and U16 level . Hannah, who is also autistic, has not kicked a ball since and turned her hand to coaching, working with the girls' Under-8s, 10s and 14s at Swansea.
Ian Bell insists England did not underestimate the West Indies ahead of the first Test, despite some injudicious comments from the incoming chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board. West Indian batsman Devon Smith admitted his side were inspired by Colin Graves' comments .
Scene: Josh, Vanessa and baby Hudson were crushed to death after a concrete slab fell from a construction site on a Washington state bridge and landed on their truck. Fatal: The married couple and their baby were driving underneath the state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk - on Monday morning. Workers on-site: As the family drove under the overpass, a chunk of concrete fell onto the roadway, crushing their pickup truck.
Kibulu greets one of the Zambi Wildlife Retreat directors, Traci Griffiths, at the centre in Western Sydney . The retreat – which is not yet open to the public – is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia. Zambi Wildlife Retreat is the only home for old and retired exotic animals in Australia .
Appearing Saturday morning on CNN's "New Day," Randy Zelin defended his client, Dr. Anthony Moschetto, who faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist, according to prosecutors.
‘Sandy left me homeless and alone and now because of Sandy I met the love of my life, I hit the lottery and we’re shopping for the house of our dreams’, the thrilled woman told the New York Daily News after she won $255,555 (£174,000).
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony.
As seen in the video, the seesaw is made from entirely raw materials – a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree. There is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on . The seesaw measures  45ft in length, and according to Kyle, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft .
Sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland and two other women early April 8. Police said Sefolosha and Antic were not involved in the stabbing incident, but they were charged with misdemeanors, including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration. I will simply say that I am in great pain, have experienced a significant injury and that the injury was caused by the police."
Tottenham's Kyle Walker faces a further months out after injuring his foot against Burnley earlier this month . Scans revealed that Walker had not broken his foot but the England defender faces another four weeks out .
Brendan Rodgers is ready to recall his out-of-favour defender Dejan Lovren for the FA Cup quarter-final . Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently, but could return against Blackburn on Wednesday .
This revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result, his doctors believe, of his low fluid intake. One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising dramatically. Changing diet trends are also pushing the figures up. 'The animal proteins found in meat and fish break down into a waste chemical called uric acid (a known stone-former) in your urine.
A BMW driver rammed a shirtless man (pictured) in the street after a furious road rage row in east London . 'He was subsequently arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and was taken to a north London police station.
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday, and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement, he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport. McGinley, McIlroy's Ryder Cup-winning coach, says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport . And he knows McIlroy well. It’s not right to compare him to Tiger Woods.
He called Scientology "brilliant" and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son, Jett, after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the Bahamas in 2009.
Petty Holdings, which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, released a statement Sunday night about the crash.
It's behind you: WPLG reporter Roger Lohse had almost finished an unremarkable report on a fire when it was pointed out that a kitten was being rescued behind him . Hiding place: Firefighters said the kitten had been found sheltering in this empty Modelo beer box .
The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano, were joined by fashion influencers Kate Waterhouse Margaret Zhang and Tanja Gacic in the front row.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at a university where nearly 150 people were killed by Islamist militants, according to reports. Some journalists based in Nairobi who drove to Garissa after hearing the first reports of the attack arrived before the special forces, who came by air. Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed defended the slow response time to the massacre, where 148 people were killed, using a football analogy.
Candice Swanepoel has appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe. The brand continued, 'This was a look she wore consistently throughout the 1950s and 1960s.
In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word 'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this.' Click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state . One of the most interesting discoveries  are presentative sentences like 'Here's you a water bottle.' The overall pattern was clear; In the South people found that sentence to be completely normal, while in the North, it was almost unheard of.
Gov. The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act. Cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help, but it wasn't available in Georgia.
Self-styled ‘angry Leftie revolutionary and magician’ Gareth Shoulder, from Liverpool, has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its ‘Generation 2015 Election youth panel’. A BBC spokesman said that Mr Shoulder was speaking in his own capacity, not as a representative of the BBC.
'Lower, simpler, fairer is looking like a morbid joke,' Mr Costello said on Tuesday, citing a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies. Treasurer Joe Hockey was not impressed with the Costello critique, lamenting the fact his Liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the Howard government years.
At one point Carmarie - who appears to be older - tells Kanya: 'If I die, tell my mama I love her.' To date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on Facebook.
The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ – but Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration.
Apology: Detective Patrick Cherry appears on NBC tonight to 'sincerely apologize' for shouting at an Uber driver . The New York Post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge, Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. 'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference announcing Cherry was being placed on modified duty. Cherry's case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'.
Broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual, and . Massachusetts, is the creator and co-founder of the trademarked . Broga Yoga, which so far has trained some 200 Broga instructors . in at least 22 states. Proof: More gyms are holding classes focused at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out as it becomes more and more fashionable . yoga teacher.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of Chicago. An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide. Tragic: Homaro Cantu, the owner of famed Chicago restaurant Moto, was found dead Tuesday from an apparent suicide . Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year. He claimed Cantu stopped talking to him after he confronted him about using Moto's bank account for personal expenses including, trips, meals, a cookbook and other unrelated ventures.
Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in Kolkata . The tragedy comes five months after Australia batsman Phillip Hughes died aged 25 after being hit on the neck by a bouncer in a Sheffield Shield match. India cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar is among several stars to have given tributes about Keshri .
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th April. Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.
First responders arrived about 4.10pm and Edgeington was pronounced dead at the scene. Tragedy: Jessica Edgeington, 33, a professional skydiver, was killed in a dive on Wednesday in DeLand, Florida, after apparently colliding with another dive mid-air . Professional: Edgeington had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called 'swooping', where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition .
Neymar celebrates with Lionel Messi after giving Barcelona a 3-0 lead at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . It wasn’t just about Barca’s front three.
The 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right ACL last season. He joins Chris Ivory and Bilal Powell at running back in a revamped Jets offense, which features fellow free agent acquisitions Brandon Marshall and Ryan Fitzpatrick.
The parents of missing three-year-old William Tyrrell have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in daylight last September . 'We need to know what happened to him ... `cause we can't live forever ... like this.' NSW Police divers search a dam for evidence of missing boy William Tyrrell near Bonny Hills, NSW . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search the murky dam in a bush reserve, and a nearby swamp .
It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
It later emerged that the Russians had actually been at the Typhoons’ base at RAF Lossiemouth when the warplanes were scrambled. Two Typhoon jets from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, pictured in 2012, to escort the Russian planes . The incursions are the latest in a long line of apparent tests by Moscow as tensions between Britain and Russia rise.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, felt that he 'shouldn't go out' because of his size but lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling. Enjoying himself: Mr Rush, in the red jacket on the left, cycles up to 85 miles a week . Mr Rush, who works in a storage unit facility, is now saving up for cosmetic surgery because he still has more than a stone of excess skin that he can't shift.
A father of four has been shot dead after he was involved in a road rage incident and the man he brawled with returned to his property with a gun, police say. Brothers Jacob Rodriguez (left) and Steven Rodriguez (right) have both been charged with capital murder in the wake of the fatal shooting .
Real Madrid are desperate to land Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea, but they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate, according to reports in Spain. De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016, and he is yet to sign a new deal, with United still uncertain of Champions League football for next season.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999, but only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs. The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler, then 24, who flew into a rage when his lottery number's didn't come up at their home in Ipswich, Suffolk. Ms French, who went on to have two more children, will hold Andrea's second funeral at Ipswich Chapel in Suffolk where her remains will be placed on top of her original coffin.
(CNN)Five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. The trouble started Monday, when comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question. He was past his breeding years and very close to death," she said.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than Terminal 5 at Heathrow.
Envy: Many Americans confessed that they would love the chance to take a look inside the Obama family's private living area .
During the game, which took place on March 27, Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare. Riot police clash with Montenegrin fans after the game is abandoned following a pitch brawl .
Hollywood screen icon Lauren Bacall's carefully-collected personal mementos fetched $3.64 million on the auction block at Bonhams New York earlier this week. House and home: Hundreds of items from Bacall's expansive three-bedroom Manhattan property were included in the auction, from furniture to art .
The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired. The punishment means they are now only one point ahead of the Championship relegation zone with two games left.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast, said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket. Louis Jordan, second from left, walks from the Coast Guard helicopter to the Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk, Virginia. He left hours later after he refused treatment . The people who know me know that.’ He added that the authorities had checked he had not withdrawn money from his bank account when he first went missing, though they will now scrutinise his credit card and bank statements for any activity during the period he says he was drifting.
The car shape originally designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the UK.
He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring, often after illegal hunters kill their mothers. Also at Sadgorod Zoo in Vladivostok, eastern Russia, are two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers. The study also found that older drivers were more likely to make a texting and driving mistake than a younger driver.
The Scottish Football Association have failed in their to have the punishment handed to Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen for breaching betting laws increased. The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
Meanwhile it emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'. A version of the letter – organised by Dr Clare Gerada, the former chairman of the Royal College of GPs – appeared in the Guardian signed by more than 100 doctors last night. Labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a 'stitch up'.
You know, I still can't believe it happened." "I rate this as No. 1 on my list of things in my life that I regret," said Bates, who is free on $25,000 bail.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling. Unprompted, the man begins demonstrating by whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth. 'It feels good,' the New York man says in response to a question about how catcalling makes women on the receiving end feel.
Kenny Bayless (left) will referee the match between Floyd Mayweather (right) and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights, including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca . Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment of Bayless against Pacquiao .
A mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo (file photo of cheetahs at the Cleveland zoo) The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit (pictured) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.
Sheffield Wednesday claimed all three points against Championship play-off hopefuls Brentford with a 1-0 win thanks to Kieran Lee's second-half goal. Kieran Lee (second left) opens the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday with the only goal for the game .
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU . Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh . The ideal captain.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the 27-year-old. Lewis had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares, midfielder Andrea Orlandi has revealed . Writing in his weekly column for Spanish website am14, Orlandi admitted: 'Before starting the game I noticed Joe Lewis's shirt.
Controversial: Robert Durst, 71, (file image pictured) appeared to doze of in the New Orleans courtroom as his lawyers became embroiled in a shouting match with the judge after no witnesses showed up to the trial . He is now facing the death penalty in California, where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000. Two FBI agents and a state trooper ignored their subpoenas and could face contempt of court charges .
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she lost it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it . It said: 'FOUND!
A friend who wished to stay anonymous said: 'He was the best bloke I knew. Disaster: The single-engine Edge 360 plane was being put through its paces when it crashed in flames at Old Buckenham Airfield near Norfolk (pictured) Eyewitnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and failing to come out if it during its display at around 2.45pm.
In an interview on the BBC, Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich. Asked if he was proud of his record in power, Mr Clegg said: 'Hell yes.' He said: ‘I wouldn’t accept £12billion of welfare cuts.
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). They claim these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations. Because 'climate wiggles' were not accounted for, the Duke University researchers say the report may have been an over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends .
This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests. We didn’t have a big party at all actually, nobody came apart from us.’ Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the UK.
Captured in Fort Pierce, Florida, the shocking footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark. He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. People look on as the damaged aircraft takes off from the runway and flies 100 miles to Fort Lauderdale, where it landed safely .
Technology billionaire Elon Musk pursued a sale of his struggling electric-car company Tesla to Google for $6 billion before its share price rocketed in May 2013, according to a new biography . He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car, the excerpt said.
A fireman who owned a flat in which five members of the same family were murdered in an arson attack – including three children under five – has been charged with their manslaughter through gross negligence. Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean, where the holiday industry is recovering, and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels, after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. My most memorable jumbo encounter was at the Uda Walawe nature reserve.
Police stand outside the Enmore Theatre in Sydney on January 26, where riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out rap concert . Several arrests were made, including Mohamed Hamdin, 24, who allegedly grabbed a teenage girl's vagina . Californian rapper YG has been are gaining popularity in America along with a reputation for violence at their concerts and alleged gang affiliations.
Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul, police said.
Gary Gardner (left) will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training to be assessed by Tim Sherwood . 'If I was made available for loan again next season, if it does not work out at Villa, Forest would be top of my list, definitely.
(CNN)The powers of Marvel's all-star superheroes go a bit wobbly in "Avengers: Age of Ultron." ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris, which  was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon, contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and 'staggeringly offensive' and demanded action from the clothing brand. Last May the clothing store stocked a football-shaped gag illustrated with a picture of a man with his fingers in his ears saying: 'Will you out a sock in it!'
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey . Slaughter: Historians estimate that 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I. Kim and Khloe walk in the plaza at the Armenian Genocide Memorial. As a senator and presidential candidate, Obama did describe the killings of Armenians as genocide. Kardashian, who recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian, said, 'Now is the time to speak out, and every little bit helps' 'I will continue to ask the questions and fight for the genocide to be recognized for what it was,' the reality television star said, encouraging Turkey to label the killings as a genocide.
Cheltenham Town have two games to preserve their Football League status - and manager Gary Johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players. Cheltenham Town manager Gary Johnson got every payer to pledge to give his all when he took over .
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail," which premiered 40 years ago Thursday, was the result. More importantly, it soon became a comedy classic. We'll say three.
A state prisons official says Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. Souza-Baranowski is the state Department of Correction's newest prison.
But surveyors had not been out to check for damage or casualties overnight because the weather was so bad, Moore said.
The Dundee United board have hit back at criticism from supporters by pointing to their on-field success . 'On the field the club has reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years, qualified for European competition in three of the last four years, finished in the Premiership top six in every one of the last seven years and won the Scottish Cup in 2010.
England World Cup winner Jason Robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences. However, it was his arrest for affray, assault and criminal damage which left him considering an attempt on his own life and he credits then team-mate and Samoa star Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around. Former team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala (right) convinced Robinson out of committing suicide .
Rodgers watches over training as he prepares his side to face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday . The Liverpool boss addresses his players ahead of the pivotal clash with Arsenal in North London . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is suspended having been sent off against Manchester United . Daniel Sturridge trained on Thursday ahead of Liverpool's trip to Arsenal in the Barclays Premier League .
With a possible 11 games left to their season Barcelona’s front three of Leo Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are just seven goals short of clocking up a century in their first season together. Henry scored 26, Eto’o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season. Messi celebrates with Thierry Henry after Barcelona won the Champions League in 2009 . But nothing could have been further from the truth.
Conservative MPs were told at the start of the campaign to pose for 'selfies' as often as possible, to increase the party's exposure on social media websites, such as Facebook and Twitter. The PM, keen to show he is not out of touch, was seen posing for selfies during his visit to Alnwick, Northumberland, yesterday. This week, Clegg and Farage were both spotted posing with fans on the streets of Maidstone, Kent, and South Ockendon, Essex, respectively.
Murdered nursing student Karen Buckley (pictured) died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate . Her family hope her body will soon be released for burial after legal concerns are dealt with. 'He made no plea or declaration and was fully committed and remanded in custody.
Brits spend £815m a year to 'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to a new survey . 'Social media has totally changed the face of fashion today and the way we shop.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. More than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by Gov. The Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered prescription painkiller Opana, health officials have said .
A shocking video has been released showing four tourists they catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand, dragging the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature. Andreas Rasmussen, Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are filmed by Emil Fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in New Zealand, to the point it has become a competitive sport. The fisherman and his friends whoop with excitement, certain they have achieved their goal: to catch a shark. The three men in the video cheer excitedly, without a hint of apprehension. The shark is then pushed back into water by its tail.
Rose, however, is already looking ahead to his next outing and posted a photograph on Twitter, showing his followers his high-tech 'TrackMan Indoor High Definition Golf Simulator.' Rose was in top form during the Masters and pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way at Augusta .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at the Stade Velodrome if he had followed in the same footsteps at Eric Cantona, according to former Marseille boss Jose Anigo. Cantona played at Marseille between 1988 and 1991 before eventually joining Leeds United after a short spell at Nimes.
Working away: The robotic hands are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . The £10,000 ($14,000) device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen which includes an oven, hob, dishwasher and sink .
Nervous, I was: Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams . He knew that meant it must be big.
Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat Tiger . It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth. Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there.
Perfect tea party! Jacqueline Martin, 37, said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like Pinterest . The mum of three said the property is extremely popular with parties and hen dos, and weekends have to be booked far in advance . Famous quotes from the book are featured around the house for guests to spot, such as 'Drink Me' on the champagne, (left). For guests requiring a smaller property Looking Glass Cottage could be the perfect themed stay.
The body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in Bootle, Merseyside. Police are now appealing for the public's help to track down Mr Fox.
'He should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' Aidan Fraley said of Robert Bates. Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
Saudi Arabian footballer Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club Al Orubah against Al Shoalah.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon . The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished .
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He was pronounced dead 26 minutes later at 6.40pm. Riojas, 37, was fatally shot in the head.
England have barely been in St Kitts a day but the early indications are they are ready to give Jonathan Trott the chance to reinvent himself as an international opener. Test captain Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return .
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. In anticipation of her husband's sentencing Thursday, Lindsey Rogers-Seitz wrote a letter that was read aloud in court pleading for leniency. Seitz pleaded guilty March 10 to criminally negligent homicide under an Alford plea, in which he did not admit guilt but agreed the prosecution had enough evidence to convict him at trial. 'He is not an average father or even a good father…he is an amazing father.'
The 29-year-old from Dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month when she faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday. Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker World Championships .
In a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor for his May 2 dance in Nevada, he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Joe Root leaves the field after being left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting on the fourth morning in Grenada . Anderson began to make amends almost immediately when he bowled Devon Smith, off yet another inside edge on the slow wicket . Bravo cuts the ball through the field as the West Indian batsmen closed the gap on England quickly during the afternoon and evening . Ben Stokes looks back as the ball passes him on its way to the boundary, as the West Indies retook the lead on day four .
Chef Ally (left) of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, pictured with two assistants as they dig in to the giant omelette . The beastly dish was made to order using 150 fresh eggs - and contains 12,000 calories . A diner waits for the dish to cook (left) and (right) it's finally peeled from the pan .
"Our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi said in a televised address.
The FBI repeatedly deceived Congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of Martin Luther King, a new book claims. Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. By destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy. Wexler said that, according to his research, in 1977 the MURKIN (murder of King) files were destroyed from the FBI field offices in Miami and Mobile, Alabama. Crucially, both had information on Tommy Tarrants, a former high ranking Klan member from Mississippi. Tarrants was alive then - and he still is today. He said: 'Laude Matthews. also known as L.E.
The Manchester City star was carried off in the win over West Ham following eight minutes of treatment on the pitch, where he was given oxygen. Silva was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital as Manuel Pellegrini has a nervous wait .
This week, a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band The Slants sought to protect its name. The dissent in this case recognizes the fact that trademarks are commercial speech, which is protected by the First Amendment.
American model Kendra Spears, who has been known as Princess Salwa since her marriage to the Aga Khan's son Prince Rahim, has given birth to her first child. Happy couple: The royal is said to be doing well, according to her husband, Prince Rahim Aga Khan .
While Mr Miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the SNP, Ms Sturgeon's remarks raise the prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories. The SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority. Ms Sturgeon has repeatedly said she would work with Labour to 'get rid of the Tories' if the SNP had enough MPs.
An New Jersey police lieutenant who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame. While county officials are working to fire the lieutenant's, the Post reports, Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago, the  Inquirer  reports.
A woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror. Natalie Whitear, 35, struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract but has hinted that the injury-prone midfielder could have a future at Arsenal beyond this summer. Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday but has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the Emirates Stadium with extended spells on the sidelines.
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. In a lawsuit, Ms Shupe accuses the school of failing to adequately protect her child despite witnessing the attacks and being notified that Kaiden had been diagnosed with depression.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in San Jose, California, in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter. After the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and  dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road.
Spring. Yaya Toure (left) was one of four players in the Manchester derby who chose to wear gloves at Old Trafford .
Luke Rockhold is ready to be the bull to Lyoto Machida's matador when the middleweights collide in New Jersey on Saturday. Machida, meanwhile, is confident he can upset Rockhold and earn himself a title shot.
Sarah, a project manager, said: 'We'd just been put on the waiting list for IVF, when I had an inkling I might be pregnant.' Eryn was born at 33 weeks at the Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend at 2.52pm, weighing just 3Ib 11oz.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a 'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple called Gokurakuji in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan. Unlike some superheros, Kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman. Kamen Rider was a popular superhero series running in Japan from 1971 to 1973 and later adapted into a comic book.
Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London, at the end of March. The 33-year-old Mexican national, who worked as a transgender escort, died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed.
Ed Balls and the shadow health secretary Andy Burnham made the stark warning this morning, warning that the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government. He said if standards continued to decline at the current rate then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in A&E and long waits to see GPs. The Tories said Labour were using the NHS as a political football. A Conservative spokesperson said: 'This marks a new low in Ed Miliband's desperate attempts to weaponise the NHS.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid, where she had been staying for the last two or three months. Spanish Police are said to have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street, as well as a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing.
Even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention. "Emergency" colors such as red suppress it. Hold meetings in a variety of places.
Emergency services were called to Stockwell station in south London this morning after a man sustained life-threatening head injuries while bending down to pick up his bag from the platform . A man was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a train at Stockwell this morning.
Royal Bank of Scotland has racked up £50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ‘tough year’. The state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year.
But the couple, whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits, often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation, affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us. Hilton, Malta . Intercontinental, Sydney . Park Hyatt, Saigon . Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas .
Research by the travel search engine further indicates that Aussies are planning to travel abroad between May and August, while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe. Australian tourists are planning to holiday in destinations across Europe, the number one choice being the ancient city of Athens in Greece . 3) Toronto, Canada . 5) Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam . 8) Colombo, Sri Lanka .
Labour parliamentary candidate Rupa Huq (left) says she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from Tony Blair, despite campaigning heavily against the Iraq War . You know what, elections cost money. Ms Huq is the sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq, who is married to television presenter and columnist Charlie Brooker.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m., said Brian Leary with the United States Secret Service. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, Leary said.
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Steven Gerrard has had upon him since arriving at Anfield in 2008 but believes Liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him. Skrtel revealed that Gerrard helped him to settle at the beginning of his time at the club. 'He will be leaving after this season and we have a few players who can replace him.
Posing with dogs like these St Bernards has now been banned by the Swiss town of Zermatt . According to the Swiss Animal Protection Agency, the St Bernard dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town that treats them very badly. The report said said when they were not being taken out on excursions with tourists, the dogs  were being kept locked up in confined conditions in an unheated condemned building for long periods of time.
Mamadou Sakho (right) poses alongside Steven Gerrard as the Liverpool pair head for Paris . Sakho (right) played the whole game as Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal on Saturday in the Premier League .
Loeb said he filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
Tumble: The man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks in Washington, D.C., Tuesday afternoon . According to Fox5 News, the man only had minor face injuries.
Jordan Spieth has hailed the 'most incredible week' of his life after becoming the second youngest Masters winner of all time and  the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years. Spieth led from start to finish at Augusta, the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years . 'Jordan seems to have that same quality right now and he's very comfortable playing with a lead.
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'.last week after 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea. A Christian migrant told how he and others formed a 'human chain' to stop Muslim men who were allegedly trying to throw them overboard.
Boston (CNN)Now the real Boston Marathon trial can begin. What kind of justice should Tsarnaev receive? He should be allowed to fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell. The people who deserve to be remembered are those he and his brother killed on Marathon Day — Martin Richard, Krystle Campbell and Lingzi Lu — and Sean Collier, the MIT police officer they executed in cold blood.
Republican lawmaker Henry Rayhons, 78, is preparing to stand trial in Iowa for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last August, days before he was formally charged . Conflict developed over how to care for Donna Lou Rayhons, culminating in a meeting in which staff told Henry Rayhons that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. The charges were filed days after she died. Suffering from dementia and Alzheimers, Donna Lou Rayhons was moved into a nursing home by her daughters from a previous marriage last year and she died in August .
But after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, Attley. She then placed him in a stroller, it is reported. Don't take him out of my arms. It was a situation where I was humiliated, I was crying, and I felt just embarrassed to be there.' In a statement, Aspen Dental Management Inc apologized to Tayler.
Grove initially vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Grove, a former nursing student, said she was 'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents. According to a report in the Lufkin Daily News, Grove stayed with her family for six days after that. But she then returned to the Church of Wells. Grove is set to marry Church of Wells member, Ronnie Saltsman. The Church of Wells denies members all forms of entertainment and leisure in favor of prayer.
The site told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns. In a statement to Daily Mail Online, an Indiegogo spokesperson said: 'Indiegogo allows anyone, anywhere to fund ideas that matter to them and just like other open platforms -- such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter - we don’t judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our Terms of Use.'
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
Mr Farage accused the former Scottish first minister of not doing enough to counter the problem. Mr Farage also dismissed a claim from Labour's shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna that Ukip is infected with the 'virus of racism'.
On Monday afternoon, the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . 'I didn't feel a thing,' Mr Lahiff told Ninemsn. Incredibly Mr Lahiff, who had been playing alone, was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance. Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his Twitter account . An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile while he was playing golf in Queensland .
John Barnes (centre) and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own . Barnes rapped 1979 classic Rapper's Delight as part of spoof sketch called Britain's Got Sporting Talent . Barnes (centre) was joined halfway through his performance by former Liverpool team-mate Redknapp .
Virgil Van Dijk (centre) fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute . And a red card for their keeper Craig Gordon after he upended Marley Watkins as he outstripped Adam Matthews and hared in behind the Celtic defence. John Guidetti levels matters in the 116th minute with a well-taken free-kick . Celtic had the chances.
NAOMI CAMPBELL . Why can we travel alone but not use the lounge? She was amazing!' Kim Kardashian had her luggage opened and items taken on her flight to Cannes with British Airways . It seems even the Kardashians suffer from airport woes as they jet-set around the world.
The hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning. 'We can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes.
While Henderson and Byrne did not name the vendor using the 166816 password,  a Google search pointed to Verifone which connects around 27 million payment devices around the world, according to RT. On Thursday, Verifone said in a statement that all of its devices in the field came with the same default password, Z66831, according to CSO. However, Verifone claimed sensitive payment information or personally identifiable information cannot be captured, even though the password has become known over the years.
Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form but quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. Mignolet has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
No details or cause of death have been released. Linsey, who was nicknamed the 'Brooklyn Brat' on the show, voluntarily exited the shower  after getting into a fight with contestant Jada Cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode. 'We may not have been friends BUT we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand.'
The build-up: Prime Minister David Cameron went head-to-head with six other party leaders in a TV debate on Thursday night in an unusual format for Britain. Analysts remarked that none of the seven leaders delivered a 'killer line' to stand out from the rest .
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving Salford secured back-to-back Super League wins with an 18-12 triumph at the John Smith's Stadium. Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gave the Giants hope.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartemou says the club are 'very happy' with Enrique's performance . 'Luis Enrique is concentrating on La Liga and on everything he needs to do in relation to the team.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Never. State officials are seeking to terminate Blair's parental rights to her other two children, as well as the parental rights of her children's fathers. Blair's two surviving children have been placed into a relative's care.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was arrested on Friday after crashing her black BMW into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida . Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests . Ebel is facing DUI charges including driving with a .15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
Tough stance: Health minister Marisol Touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking . French health chiefs say the UK is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink.
Lian Doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by Justin Robertson when he murdered Pennie Davis because he had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover. She was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand. Boyfriend: Doyle was manipulated by Justin Robertson, left, who was paid to kill Mrs Davis by Benjamin Carr, right .
Hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers, experts have predicted. It comes as Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year following a significant reduction in UK consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image. The City watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Thereafter international cricket fans in England lost his genius when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite TV . He led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series .
And those devoted to the upcoming bout will be pleased to know they can immerse themselves in the fight further. Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao .
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources. 'Theoretically it's impossible for ocean swells to really break that far inside the Harbour.
(CNN)The first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "19 Kids and Counting" has also become the first mother.
Ryan Skivington from Staining near Blackpool took the pets, called Ant and Dec, out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother.
According to TMZ, the 50-year-old Food Network standout is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. It has been reported they separated three weeks ago. And because they have no children together there is no issue about child support but they are fighting over property already, it was alleged on Friday.
(CNN)Deputies rushed Kenneth Morgan Stancil III from court Thursday after the 20-year-old murder suspect swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table. Stancil is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
Asked on the BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm that there would be 'no more changes to child benefit', Mr Gove said: 'No I can't say that.' The revelation comes after George Osborne last month refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the Conservatives win a second term.
(CNN)Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Here's the announcement presidential candidate Hillary Clinton should make: . And so, I'm announcing that if elected president, I will take a 23% pay cut, equivalent to the current gender wage gap, to stand in solidarity with working women in America.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. Brendan Rodgers is under pressure at Liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy . Carragher received a Beacon Award at a ceremony in London on Tuesday night for his community work on Merseyside.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at home. he writes . After adding that his wife helps deal with the family's finances and does the laundry, he concludes that his wife's annual salary should be $73,960. he writes. 'I am ashamed that she has ever felt like she doesn't have just as much right to our income as I do.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke celebrates after scoring his third goal against QPR on Tuesday . Benteke's hat-trick earned Villa a point and moved Belgium into third place for Premier League goals this term . Players from 46 countries have found the back of the net this season, with a total of 800 goals scored so far.
An Ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . Mr Meudell grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach. Although he has only been taking ocean photos for two years, Mr Meudell's shots draw from works of surrealism such as Salvador Dali and appear very dream-like.
Boris Johnson will move centre stage in the Conservative election campaign next week as the party struggles to open up a consistent poll lead over Labour. The London Mayor, who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known Tory in the country, will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron, sources said.
Saracens flanker Jacques Burger has been cited for alleged foul play during last Sunday's European Champions Cup quarter-final game against Racing Metro in Paris.
Now the Ivory Coast international's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to City about the way forward. Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer . Yaya is a legend at the club.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. The court was told that the mother - a former sex worker - immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again.
The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight. Mr Miliband also refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament, saying: 'The way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number in six years' time.'
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in central China last week . Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud - which appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last Friday.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. Adding to the comedy, some smooth Jazz plays away after being dubbed over the final video edit.
Now Sterling is a 20-year-old England international and a cornerstone of Liverpool’s first team. On Wednesday he was back on TV again but this time he was attempting to call the shots. Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling has come a long way since being lectured by Brendan Rodgers during Being Liverpool . He wants to play in his favourite midfield position. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Sterling says that he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year . Neil Ashton broke the Sterling contract story on Monday - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL ARTICLE .
The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. Feast: The husband, Yin Yunfeng, spent a week cooking all sorts of stir-fried dishes . Mr Yin is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home - which is some 2,700 kilometres away in southern China - once a year.
The shark victim was taken to hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment on Saturday . Surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark in Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia . Witnesses have described the horrifying moment that saw the man being mauled by a Great White shark . The man, who remains in a critical condition, has been airlifted via a MedSTAR retrieval team to the Royal Adelaide Hospital for further treatment.
The video, which was captured by Ekant Veer, 35, an associate professor at the University of Canterbury, also shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars. The lions at Orana Wildlife Park approach the metal cage and begin interacting with the people inside .
Gulnaz's plight -- like so much in beleaguered Afghanistan -- disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon. There was pressure upon her to marry her attacker after her release.
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning. The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. A man, in his 50s and from the York area, was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder.
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death. Above, the scene of the theater after the shooting . None of the victims said they saw Holmes' face, but one of the police officers did.
Ms Giffords posted a picture on social media on Wednesday of the couple visiting the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California Science Center in LA. The picture was captioned: 'So fun to see the awesome Space Shuttle Endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it, Captain Mark Kelly!' Last week, the couple had watch at the Johnson Space Center in Texas as Mark's identical twin brother, astronaut Scott Kelly, blasted off aboard a Russian Soyuz rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on his yearlong mission to the International Space Station.
Bedbugs: Mr. Kemery had been reliably informed by a friend that the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol.
Dr Mary Ann Lund, from the University of Leicester's school of English, said tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine. The condition, which would have developed in his early teens, means he was very far from being a hunchback. Writing in the journal Medical Humanities, Dr Lund argues that like other monarchs Richard III's body image would have been carefully controlled. It was only after his death at the battle of Bosworth in 1485 that his physical shape was made public when his corpse was stripped and displayed.
Among the forces to see the largest rise in reported cases was South Yorkshire where there was a 577 per cent increase over the last five years. But while a surge in the number of reports suggested victims felt more comfortable coming forward, a decrease in the number of arrests made prompted critics to accuse police of not doing enough. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a 'national scandal'.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said Brank tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim . In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account, according to the affidavit.
McDonald's: Police say that instead of purchasing food from the McDonald's and driving away, Kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward . Alcohol: Kelm (photographed) said she had three beers, but a sobriety test indicated that her blood-alcohol level was .247 -- three times the legal limit .
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker (centre with the ball) on an anger management course . Police said the student received two black eyes and a bruised neck during the incident.
Chua denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek Weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012. Allegations: Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport, pictured, by injecting medical products with insulin .
The news that Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer has raised the probability that key members of his squad will depart too. Defender Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer . Midfielder Ilkay Gundogan has been linked with a number of Premier League sides . CIRO IMMOBILE . NEVEN SUBOTIC .
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is the age of consent?'
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey. However, they found that the creatures appear to be extremely vulnerable to hunters involved in the commercial bushmeat trade in the area.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex. The court heard they were obsessed with the hit U.S. television show Jackass . Mr Buchel moved in with Scott 'Gary' Hunt, 42, (left) who was jailed for five years for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
With her video, new logo and road trip, she opened a long communications campaign not only to "rebrand" herself but to completely reframe who she is, what she stands for and how she intends to run.
With broadcasters demanding hefty fees to watch Floyd Mayweather take on Manny Pacquiao next Saturday, many boxing fans could turn towards social media to illegally watch the richest fight in history for free. Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Many Pacquiao for free using recent live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat . In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) - $99.99 (£66) to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the bout for £19.99. CLICK HERE to read Periscope's terms of service .
Raonic had to retire from his quarter-final showdown with Berdych due to a troublesome foot injury . Berdych, who has yet to lose a set this week, will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils in the semi-finals of the clay-court Masters tournament.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers, and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. Leave the potatoes to cook. The video, which was uploaded only five days ago on 10 April has already received more than 1.5m views.
The 35-year-old, father-of-two from Griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his Hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. It's for this reason that his 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS). He's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney for medical treatment. 'My Name is Chris' was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December, and it has made a huge difference,' Chris's wife Naomi told Daily Mail Australia.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January and a hearing is set for April 2. The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. However, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. Adding to Crapser's struggles, at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Corey Edwards' job was to hold the rings for his parents during the marriage ceremony . The five-year-old is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect and had often asked his parents why they were not married . They made history when they became the first couple to marry at the hospital but had to get special permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury. Jemma and Craig Edwards sign their wedding register and the hospital bedside of their five-year-old son Corey .
The remarkable images were shot by photographer Victor Albert Prout, who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the River Thames. While a picture taken from the banks of the Thames of Windsor Castle, showing Prout's floating dark room in the foreground, is remarkably similar to contemporary pictures of the iconic building. The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
The 26-year-old has got just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal which has alerted Liverpool and Manchester City, who are keen on the England winger. Theo Walcott will open talks with Arsenal in the next two weeks as the club look to resolve his future .
Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down  fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans. Anyone with information about those pictured is urged to contact Operation Resolve officers .
Leanne worked as a check out girl at the Co-op and would snack on discounted products every day . Leanne joined Weight Watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight .
Newly-discovered medical records have finally revealed the fate of pre-Raphaelite artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth and how she died a tragic, death penniless death. They revealed the orange-haired beauty - whose face graced many of her lover's paintings - died in the Sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet. The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen. Emergency landing: The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming . The worker, an employee of Menzies Aviation, walked off the plane and appeared well, but was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
England suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice 'match' here in St Kitts when Stuart Broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. Broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . Jonathan Trott, who had switched to the Saint Kitts team, was removed for a duck by James Anderson .
PSV Eindhoven won there first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday . Bottom side Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem. AZ Alkmaar, in fifth, ensured they would be involved in the Europa League playoffs at least with a 3-1 home win over ADO Den Haag.
Just another history-making day at this wonderful 79th Masters saw Dustin Johnson become the first man ever to have three eagles in one round and yet still he couldn’t lay a finger on Jordan Spieth. Here, the youngest first-round leader in Masters history followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par, beating the old mark of 13 under set by Ray Floyd way back in 1976.
In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet. One theory is that the movement of the mummies may have helped create a sense of equality among the community.
It has been revealed that the country's top prosecutor Alison Saunders (right) who ruled that Lord Janner (right) would not face trial over alleged child sex abuse trained at the same legal firm where he was a QC . Now, the country's top prosecutor is facing calls to quit from campaigners and alleged abuse victims.
SPEED DEMONS: Clinton's motorcade raced around New Hampshire on Monday . The Claremont event took Clinton to the home of Bethany Yurek, a constituent services 'special assistant' to New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen. In Claremont, according to tweets from a Times reporter, the wealthy former secretary of state's messaging featured progressive-friendly lines about income inequality. Clinton's Concord stop was a 7:00 dinner event at the sprawling home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen. She hosted a 'Ready For Hillary' house party in February at the same home that hosted the candidate herself on Monday night.
Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck, but the crew of the Kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother .
Luis Suarez's wife Sofia has revealed that the Barcelona star told her he didn't bite Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup in Brazil - before admitting the truth 10 days later. Luis Suarez (right) was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup match .
Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. Her husband Tim (left) survived and has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage, which a donor has now paid . But last week, he received a call from Chase Bank, who said an anonymous donor had paid the lot.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is so overstretched. The ambulance service is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies .
A large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in WA has shut down streets in central Melbourne. Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday . The rally forced the closure of Flinders and Elizabeth streets, where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop.
Silva, who is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests, said in a letter to the taekwondo confederation that it would be 'an immense pleasure' to be part of the Brazilian team in Rio.
From the outside, Anand Iyer seemed to have it all. The 36-year-old quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he couldn't be happier. The playground, he told Yahoo, was the worst. Alongside Iyer's savings, his wife Shreya, 34, is supporting the family with her job as a recruitment manager at data analytics firm Splunk.
The wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the lake . Eerie: This unknown wreck was captured by the US Coast Guard from a helicopter during a routine patrol over the Great Lake . Beach erosion, waves, wind and variable water levels in the lake cause the wrecks to periodically become visible along the dunes shoreline.
Each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations . Customers who purchase the products will find vouchers for cheap flights to Barcelona, Lisbon or Dublin . The snacks are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in vending machines and at a cinema .
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in the General Election . Thorpe revealed that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party, led by Nigel Farage, a year ago . Derek Pringle, a top cricket writer, has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of Oman . Peter Alliss (right) looked to a number of viewers as if he was chewing gum at the Masters on Sunday . Jimmy Anderson’s century of Tests, which he brought up at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium yesterday, includes the abandoned 10-ball farce the last time England were in Antigua.
(CNN)According to an outside review by Columbia Journalism School professors, "(a)n institutional failure at Rolling Stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia." Like all rules, however, there are exceptions.
The 'first of its kind' equipment, developed by Elbit Systems working with the Israeli Ministry of Defense, will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'. The decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle, more than 6,000 people, called in pest inspectors last year - making Tyneside residents the most likely to report a problem (file image) The figures, released by the British Pest Control Association, also revealed that the most pest-free place was Southend, in Essex, where 0.03 per cent of homeowners had a problem.
The Spain international has only started 12 league games for Barcelona this season and admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Barcelona this summer and he claims that is normal for a player not featuring regularly. That is logical.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February, his family said. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Michelle Woods, from Norton in Teesside, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that 'something was moving' in the bath. Panicking, Ms Woods said she called the RSPCA, who were unable to help - so in desperation, posted an appeal on Facebook. It is not clear how the snake ended up in the bathroom, but Ms Woods believes that the previous tenant may have kept snakes as pets and lost the red and orange reptile while moving.
A mother-of-two has been jailed after stealing almost £80,000 from her dying parents to go on shopping sprees - leaving her elderly father in debt and too poor to afford a telephone. She pleaded guilty to three charges of fraud.
Until now, Tom Sturridge has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed Sienna Miller. And he is  currently treading the boards in the West End, starring alongside Damian Lewis and John Goodman in the David Mamet play American Buffalo which opened this month. And it is this slow and steady approach that seems to be making him the critics' favourite. Tom counts Andrew Garfield (left) and Robert Pattinson (right) among his close friends . Sienna says that being with Tom and having their daughter Marlowe - born in 2012 - has changed her life . An amazing sense of being complicit with a little being.'
A series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the May 7 election. Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' while pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience'.
And not only did the airline come out on top, it scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat, which ranked the top 22 airlines around the world. Qatar Airways - 100                                                  12. Emirates - 97                                                            13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room.' 'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
The pair decide to record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable, following concerns she will not be able to relate to ordinary voters. He says how grateful he is that camera phones did not exist when he was president - because he would probably be in jail if they were. Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley took to Twitter on Sunday after the actress playing Clinton compared him to a 'Simpsons character' during the sketch .
Excrement thrown at the statue of British colonialist Cecil John Rhodes has triggered a wave of protests across South Africa against 'racist' historical figures. Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters as statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. The appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican (pictured), according to French media . In July 2013, Pope Francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the Catholic Church .
From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be. GO BIG: Rather than having lots of smaller tables, seat your guests on larger tables.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. Dellinger was given credit for the 15 months he has previously served and could get out of prison in less than eight years .
Wesley Fofana v Brad Barritt . Julien Bonnaire vs Billy Vunipola . Charlie Hodgson has been around for a long time now and is enjoying some good form. Clermont will fear Jacques Burger after his performance on the flank last year and they must work hard to nullify him around the edges of the breakdown. The Top 14 side have the best supporters in French rugby and it’s only a 90-mile journey to the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in St Etienne for their fans, who follow their side everywhere.
The searing California heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes, and the scraps that remained left much to be desired. Celebrity offenders included Paris Hilton, who strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress, and Katy Perry, who teamed a metallic gold bikini top with a pair of patchwork denim dungarees and a bright orange bomber jacket.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr (left) insists on eating organic food before his fight, although there are exceptions . Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced . Quiana Jeffries has helped the champ with his strict organic food diet, but has problems getting ingredients . Mayweather and Pacquiao are just days away from their $300m mega-fight in Las Vegas .
As a result, only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens, with the average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
President Barack Obama impersonated House of Cards's fictional president Frank Underwood by dipping into a southern drawl . He has previously admitted to watching the Netflix show, though he says that life in Washington is not as dramatic as portrayed by Kevin Spacey and others.
He did express "eternal condolences" about the loss of American lives in World War II, and noted, "Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have become friends bonded in spirit." He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest and therefore not meeting the test of statesmanship.
The video is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water. There are cries, screams and shouting, just what you would expect from the real thing. This user made it as far as the 'what happens if you reach for your baggage' before the water overpowering him made him remove the headset .
According to PRRI's poll, there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it, a dramatic turn in one of this country's most divisive debates and a generational shift with the potential to sweep through everything from the wedding industry to the 2016 presidential race. If the U.S. Supreme Court has been paying attention, it likely saw this trend coming.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from the Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham, with an accomplice on January 13, 2014. The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me.'
Ouch: Jeff Dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on Friday morning in Washington . All the while Dubois was reporting live, tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could.
They include the allegations that, in relation to two babies - one of whom died in February 2004 and another in September 2008 - Ms Ratcliffe's conduct 'contributed to the death' of, and/or caused the patient's baby 'to lose a significant chance of survival'. In March, an independent investigation into what happened at Furness General Hospital between 2004 and 2013, found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother .
This is the 'disgusting' meal that was served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing. Joan Ashton has been a resident of  Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months. Steve Ashton is now campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better food standards. His mother Joan, 81, lives alone in the sheltered housing complex .
Careening: Kadeem Brown, 25, can be seen sliding across the ice after being knocked over by a passing taxi . Police say Emilo Garcia, the 44-year-old driver, suffered a seizure moments before the crash on Friday evening. Crash: The New York City cab driver who killed a five-year-old girl and a 25-year-old man after mounting a curb on Friday has been stripped of his TLC license. Smashed in: The unidentified male driver, 44, was reportedly traveling along the snowy Grand Concourse service road near 170th Street in the Bronx when he swerved on to the sidewalk.
Then there are questions about the club’s transfer committee. Brendan Rodgers looks dejected as Liverpool crash out of the FA Cup after a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa . If Rodgers is under pressure, then so are the men recommending players. There is a flaw in Liverpool’s mindset.
Boss Nigel Pearson insists Leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight as they aim to close the gap to safety. The Foxes go to West Brom on Saturday bottom of the Barclays Premier League and six points adrift from the survival line.
Arsenal are close to signing Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero - who has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. Romero is expected to remain with Velez, on loan, for at least two more seasons before coming to England to begin his career with Arsenal.
The zoo put on a range of Final Four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt. March Madness is set to come to a close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis.
Following Manchester United's 3-0 loss against Everton, Fellaini spent Tuesday chilling out with his brother . Fellaini competes for possession with Everton midfielder Gareth Barry on Sunday . Fellaini, who has emerged a key figure in Van Gaal's new-look United outfit this season, was substituted at half-time against the Toffees. The Red Devils, who are currently fourth in the Premier League table, welcome West Brom to Old Trafford on Saturday.
England will no longer compete in the Victory Shield as the Football Association does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players. The Football Association's head of development Gareth Southgate put decision down to player development .
The crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws. Campaigners were seen  openly smoking cannabis while dozens of police officers stood nearby . This weekend also saw campaigners gather in Glasgow's George Square and in Manchester's Platt Fields Park .
Andros Townsend unleashes an unstoppable right-footed strike from 20 yards to score England's equaliser . The Tottenham and England winger celebrates his goal against Italy, which was his third for his country . He has scored three goals in seven games for England compared with three in 21 Premier League starts for Spurs. Tottenham will be hoping that Townsend can replicate his international form for his club .
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the Sewol, by a district court following last year's disaster. But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'. Most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip.
But whether it's through botched surgeries, poor lifestyles, stressful career lows or shattered relationships, certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. RENÉE ZELLWEGER .
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, Jessica. The video has already received more than 2.9million views on Facebook.
His success in rejuvenating Benteke, who has scored six goals in eight games, will be viewed as, perhaps, Sherwood’s most vital contribution if Aston Villa win their Premier League survival battle. Sherwood handed 19-year-old Jack Grealish (left) only his second Villa start at a White Hart Lane on Saturday .
Gwyneth Paltrow has vowed to live on just $29 worth of food for a week, after agreeing to take on a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York's food banks. The 42-year-old mother-of-two, who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon, showcasing a range of healthy options, including a variety of fresh vegetables, some brown rice and some black beans. Gwyneth also encouraged her fans to head over to the Food Bank NYC website, take up the challenge themselves, and donate to the cause. Weekly haul: The 42-year-old actress posted this image of her grocery shop, which included a variety of incredibly healthy food items .
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday . He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. Adams said six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker (right) in the back of the head after wishing him a happy New Year. He regularly drank to excess and was also an habitual user of cannabis. Major consumed six bottles of Budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey on the night . He had been under the supervision of a youth offending team since December 2013 following various court orders but his response was said to have been “poor” and he was described in reports as acting in 'a reckless and carefree manner' with no regard to the consequences to himself or others.
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter, reports Channel 2. A circle of students watch the brawl from the sidelines.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . We need to sit down and look at the Judicial Panel process. ‘I believe that comes right from the top at Celtic.
(CNN)Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains, from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley, on Thursday and Friday, the National Weather Service said.
The world No 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th on Thursday . McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at Augusta .
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them?
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat looks on as Sunderland are dismantled at home by Crystal Palace . The stands emptied during the second-half at the Stadium of Light as Sunderland conceded four goals . Man of the match: Yannick Bolasie.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson, at about 1am on Monday before the man leapt. The man has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries . Details have been handed to the US Navy, who will continue with their investigation into this incident.
Scientists are baffled after discovering a rare deep sea oarfish had washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand. Samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Ed Miliband vowed to end casual employment contracts yesterday but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them . Ed Miliband was accused of hypocrisy last night after Labour town halls and MPs were revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero-hours contracts. Freedom of Information requests found 22,000 zero-hours contracts were handed out by Labour-run councils, including Doncaster (pictured) where Mr Miliband is standing for MP . CLAIM: The Tories won’t end the exploitation of zero-hours contracts. Some 68 Labour MPs are reported to have employed staff on the contracts over the last two years, including Ed Balls, Mr Miliband’s parliamentary bag carrier Karen Buck and his election chief Lucy Powell.
Venezuela captain Juan Arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous Mexican league match. Arango (right) earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club Tijuana team level against Monterrey . The league's disciplinary commission could still punish him.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley when second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather. England's Justin Rose is just four shots off the lead on 7-under, while Rickie Fowler is one shot off the projected cut as he finished the day on 3-under after his round was stopped at the 15th.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store', according to the posting's description.
Lulic celebrates with Lazio striker Miroslav Klose as the visitors set up a Coppa Italia final against Juventus . Napoli defender Miguel Angel Britos (on floor) slides in to block Antonio Candreva's shot in the first half . Former Liverpool and Chelsea manager Rafa Benitez could not repeat last season's feat of wining the Coppa Italia .
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house in Johannesburg. However, the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex. Some fans of the show have questioned the woman's claims.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years -  and one even had a son with him. Police have launched an investigation into allegations of fraud.
Lorraine Bracco has revealed that The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted her to play the role of Tony's wife Carmela and not Dr. Jennifer Melfi, his psychiatrist. The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years previously.
But although 29-year-old Hook has won 77 Test caps, he can reflect on just two starts for Wales - against the Barbarians and Tonga - since the last World Cup in 2011. James Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh on Friday .
Two humanitarian workers were killed Friday in Yemen. A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants, the Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday.
Arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals Liverpool on Saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the Premier League. Goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead, before Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. Geophysicists from Nevşehir University recently conducted a systematic study of a 1.5 mile (4 km) area using geophysical resistivity and seismic tomography. The studies suggest the underground corridors may go as deep as 371ft (113 metres), but the exact size remains unknown.
Young Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne earlier this year, when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl. Five-year-old Alexis Douglas from Melbourne required 50 stitches after a savage pitbull her face earlier this year . So Mrs Douglas was infuriated on Thursday when Frankston Magistrates' Court handed dog owner Edward Powell a $1500 fine and no convictions, as he had put down his pitbull soon after the horrific incident occurred.
Dug and his owner, Lindsay Castro, were hiking on the Jurupa Hills trail in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Finally, after two days of round-the-clock IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home.
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in Shyrokyne, a village near Mariupol in East Ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds.
The TrackYourDose app (pictured) was developed by Germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights .
Terry's challenge on Falcao came during the build-up to Eden Hazard's opening goal for Chelsea . Without taking anything away from the sublime spectacle of the goal, pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed during their half-time analysis that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on Falcao.
Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub on May 12, 2013 . A Twitter user told Daily Mail Australia : ‘Once it did Twitter rounds and people started commenting it was removed by Saturday.’ A SOHO management spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia: ‘The event on the night was set up by an external promoter as a one-off event. 'He was given access to the official Facebook page but as soon as we noticed he’d put that up it was taken down.' The club agreed that the photo used was ‘100 per cent inappropriate’. Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars. She sentenced him to a maximum of five years in jail.
McIlroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 for the back nine on Friday and following it with scores of 68 and 66 over the weekend. The world No 1 finished strongly, but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader Jordan Spieth for the green jacket. Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
Pep Guardiola will be reunited with Barcelona after his Bayern Munich were paired with the Catalan giants in the Champions League semi-finals. The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week. Champions League only: . Champions League only: . Javier Hernandez scored a last-gasp winner for Real Madrid against Atletico to put them into the semi-final .
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches by an impersonation of club legend Michael Owen. Ahead of the Reds' FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday, the England international met up with comedian Darren Farley as part of an exclusive promotional video to showcase the TV coverage of the match by BT Sport.
The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours. I'm not a normally a religious guy but it is Easter.
(CNN)Craig Hicks, who is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, earlier this year, can face the death penalty, a judge ruled Monday, according to CNN affiliates. The victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup but he was substituted at half time . Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender, telling Shaw that he was not fit enough to play for United . Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to United's psychologist of late . He is a sensitive young man. But what Shaw found at United was a manager who has very specific and exacting demands.
Row: Tinie Tempah pictured performing at an 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night, where he arrived late and then played just two songs . Fans of rapper Tinie Tempah were left furious when the star turned up hours late to his own 'intimate gig' and only performed two songs before leaving. Venue: Bosses at Club Chemistry said they would seek a refund from Tinie's management .
THE LIMPET MINE: LIKE A SEA MINE, BUT WITH A MAN ATTACHED . Churchill’s 'human torpedo' used the most powerful magnet in the world at the time to attach around 4.5lbs (two kilograms) of explosive to an enemy ship, capable of punching a large hole in the hull . They were first issued to British forces in 1943 and used throughout the war by the Allies.
Three time European champion Aaron Cook (right) has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 . British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says there was nothing that could have stopped Cook switching .
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has said. The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems. Five islands have already been made, with two more in development. Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
World No 2 Roger Federer has been some enjoying some downtime in the snow and posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April this year as fans of the hit HBO show caught up or re-capped before its eagerly-return on Sky Atlantic on Sunday night. This week the cable network also launched a new internet streaming service, HBO Now, in an attempt to curb piracy and recapture revenue, although it is only available in the US.
Ed Miliband's proposed change in the rules on 'non-doms' would cost Britain billions, experts warned last night. Mr Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-dom status – but it later emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
She is one of three children featured in a ground-breaking TV documentary . In the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow. The toxicity of the immunotherapy means children often have to be sedated and given strong painkillers such as morphine, to cope with the treatment, and many end up in intensive care.
It's a sentiment shared by the Turkish government, which denies that a genocide took place, maintaining that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I.
The Tractor Boys, who have now lost four of their last five away games, were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by Huddersfield strike pair Nahki Wells and James Vaughan. James Vaughan (right) doubled the lead for the home side and dent Ipswich's play-off hopes .
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years. The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. Alex Hutchinson, historian and archivist at Nestle, said: 'Prior to First World War people would celebrate Easter with chocolate fish and chickens which were symbols of the Christian story of Easter.
People who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support, experience more generosity, have more freedom to make life choices, have lower perceptions of corruption and have a higher gross domestic product per capita, the report shows. Recognizing "happiness and well-being as universal goals and aspirations in the lives of human beings around the world," the U.N. General Assembly declared March 20 as World Happiness Day in 2012.
"The Americans," 10 p.m. Academy of Country Music Awards, 8 p.m. ET Sunday, CBS .
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985 . A 12-year-old Martin Fletcher is comforted by his mother Susan in 1985 after the Bradford Fire disaster . Then-Bradford chairman  Heginbotham (left) outside Valley Parade, where 56 people died and 265 were injured . The remains of the stand at Bradford's ground after the disaster on Saturday May 11, 1985 at Valley Parade .
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal with another club . The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer, sparking rumours about his future . A decision will be made at the end of the season.'
Sam Gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring Southampton to Under-21 Premier League Cup glory, netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught Ronald Koeman's eye. Ronald Koeman was in the crowd and Gallagher says he hopes he impressed him .
Bayer Leverkusen has released Emir Spahic from his contract with immediate effect following his fight with security personnel after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. But on Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks, reports Stuff NZ.
The hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer . Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the mysterious hole is . The temperature has been measured at 792C - but that was from two metres away . Experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground .
Not all turtles can swim, said Florida wildlife officials this week after beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean. There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
They found that 38 per cent of SSRI users did not meet the criteria for a mental disorder, and 69 per cent did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder.
The man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle. Today his boss, who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing, revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air. It's like he was surfing.
Manny Pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the Mandalay Bay hotel . A few hours after Pacquiao arrived, Floyd Mayweather met fans at the MGM Grand. Pacquiao is the underdog going into the richest fight of all time against Mayweather on Saturday .
AP McCoy’s mum. ‘We are all going to Sandown on Saturday,’ says Claire McCoy. I’ll be glad and I will be sorry too. It is the end of an era. Arsenal legend Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockey’s trophy at Sandown on Saturday. ‘I think he will cope fine with retirement.
Sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych overwhelmed Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 Saturday to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters for the first time. Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic in the final in Monte Carlo .
Renee Somerfield, the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert, has responded to the backlash against the campaign .
A study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but that this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy. The findings were released to coincide with Equal Pay Day today, to raise awareness of the gender pay gap.
'UPDATE: My daughter Lauren York HAS BEEN FOUND. We are all PRAISING GOD,' her mother Grace York posted on Facebook Monday afternoon . Online life: York was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home Sunday morning .
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. Scene: The two girls, then aged seven and 12, were abducted from this farm roadside stand in August .
Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag, Kevin Russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South. Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. 'Until I realized I could keep going out and not come back ever, if I wanted to' Russ lived in his car for a year as he took photographs of the Great American West on his iPhone in 2013, and soon became a huge hit onInstagram.
Helping the bear out, Gabriel moves his hands to be in line with its paws and looks around at the camera to smile. Meanwhile the bear opens its mouth wide and attempts to bite the youngster through the glass.
'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' Eddingfield told Fox. Celebration: Dedicated waitress Judy Eddingfield celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted .
The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in a cold room during the attack, by broadcasting their location live during the siege.
Abdullahi's father, Abdullahi Daqare, a government chief in Mandera in northern Kenya, told CNN that his son was missing. Daqare is a Kenyan Somali, he said. Saturday, the terrorist group warned that more carnage is coming, as it promised "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the United States could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years, according to U.S. Census figures. President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies, which could potentially exempt about 5million undocumented immigrants from deportation . Republican leaders, particularly those running in the presidential race for 2016, have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established .
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. Discovery: Features of the 'amazingly intact' USS Independence are captured in a three-dimensional sonar image (bottom) of the shipwreck - 64 years after it sunk . Controversy surrounds its sinking as some believe the ship was loaded with barrels of radioactive waste that subsequently contaminated the wildlife in the Farallon Islands.
Loss: Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a house fire on Monday - the day her mother's boyfriend was set to go on trial for raping her. Seman was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the deadly fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday, accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case. Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed.
Looks like Lewis Hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in Zoolander 2. The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel, in a scene that looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson's Hansel.
Shot: 'Chris' the interpreter (left) and his son Muhammad (right) was badly injured by Taliban gunmen near their home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. He said it is one of several attempts made to kill or kidnap him . But like the majority of frontline translators who want to build new lives in the UK, Chris does not qualify for an immigration scheme because of his dates of service.
Leeds United striker Steve Morison (centre) admits he is surprised by the chaos at Elland Road at the moment . Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six players withdrew ahead of the Charlton game .
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year. Randy Stover, 48: Convicted of raping and sodomizing a woman he did not know in 1992 . Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
The 20-year-old's victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place. Judge Philip Richards acknowledged that Hallisey's guilty plea to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm had been 'brave' but said it had been a long time coming.
Tories claimed Russian leader Vladimir Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as prime minister because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader – claiming he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with the SNP. 'David Cameron should be ashamed,' Mr Miliband said, insisting that Labour was committed to renewing the Trident fleet.
Now a new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV, reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down.
Carbs are back: Doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates . BarleyMax wraps also rated highly on the Australian nutritionist's list, coming in third in her top five .
Jeff Richmond, who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as 'very sad', speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online. Brandt was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. He was reportedly devastated by the portrayal .
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. According to the Houston Chronicle, the girl was forced to undress and the man took  photographs and had sex with her.
In her memoir, the Fashion Police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry, who she first met in San Diego. Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice. Moving on: Jerry married Rebecca Romijn in 2007; here the couple are pictured in February in Los Angeles .
Now, Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
Manchester United and Chelsea will be taking part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer. The pre-season tournament, which is now in its third year, is set to be played between July 11 and August 5 with Chelsea revealing the full details will be revealed at a press conference in New York on April 28. Barcelona . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is likely to feature as he prepares for 2015-16 season with LA Galaxy .
A 13-year-old Maryland boy provided firefighters with instructions during a 911 call and got himself and his little sister rescued after his family's home caught fire on Sunday morning, . He also soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'We're going to die', during the call and told her to 'stay low' and reminded her to breathe.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen. The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten, who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes. He has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months. His epic journey began at the Nile Linen group in Alexandria port in Egypt on March 8.
And more specifically, a study of 2.3 million has revealed that 7.35am is the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families. Sophie Falkiner, Australian TV presenter, model and mother of two, can testify to that. Time it: Australian parents spend an average 140 hours per year getting children breakfast .
(Billboard)Fresh off his scorching performance at Coachella Saturday night (and days before his next one on the festival's second weekend), rocker Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play," according to White's website.
Scenes of elation as Saracens clinch victory with the last play of the match against Racing Metro 92 . Charlie Hodgson kicks the first penalty of the match to give Saracens a 3-0 lead . Sarries full back Alex Goode (centre) evades Racing's Welsh centre Jamie Roberts (right) Racing and France scrum-half Maxime Machenaud crosses for the only try of the first half in outer Paris .
(CNN)It's a hard-knock life, Jay Z, especially on Twitter. The uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service, Tidal.
The sisters have teamed up with 'Print All Over Me' - an innovative online New York-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and Buffalo shoes, the brand behind the Spice Girls' trademark platforms. Candy coloured palettes: Stef, 27 (left) and Jess, 22 (right) Dadon have over 111,000 followers on Instagram .
Raheem Sterling (2nd r) models Liverpool's new kit alongside (l-r) Adam Lallana, Daniel Sturridge, Jordan Henderson and Philippe Coutinho . New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers . Raheem Sterling told the BBC that he had rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool prompting talk that he could leave the club .
George North has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months playing for Northampton last week. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon . She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres .
Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, the official said. At least 44 people, including 18 civilians, were reported dead  in fierce fighting between opponents and supporters of Hadi in the southern port city today.
Yaakov Naumi’s fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. Naumi, 32, who was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school, admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, ‘look strange’.
Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital. In early March, in light of the Kansas listeria outbreak, Blue Bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in Texas.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders’ domestic lives. The findings may come as a shock to Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg, who have all invited the TV cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles.
Gareth, pictured, was killed at the age of 30 after he discovered his boyfriend was conning him and his family out of money . Sue said they were stunned when they were told their son's body had been discovered with fatal head wounds.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. The WMO has rotating lists of storm names for various regions that run from A to Z alternating between male and female.
Saracens breathed a huge sigh of relief on Tuesday night as Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait — leaving the No 8 free to face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday’s Champions Cup semi-final. ‘I feel like I’ve progressed a lot this season.’ Former England Under 20s captain Maro Itoje has signed a new long-term contract at Saracens .
(CNN)Canadian actor Jonathan Crombie, who co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies, died this week at age 48. The plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan Anne Shirley, played by Megan Follows, who is sent to live on a farm in Prince Edward Island.
But while his comments were immediately met with horror by some, the bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and is said to have 'outsourced' part of the route. Speaking to the Gazette de Montpelier Mr Granier said: 'It is a true infection.' Pictured: Roma in Montpellier .
Since its birth, villagers have flocked to take a peek at the curious animal. Athletic: The piglet, nicknamed 'super pig' can balance on its two front trotters and has captured the hearts of thousands since a video went online .
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. Mrs Mess was charged with second-degree murder and has been arraigned.
The recently-opened terminal will be primarily used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers . The new terminal, which will be used for many of the city's low-cost carrier departures, first opened on April 8 and according to the website, the aim of the innovative tracks was, in part, to save money.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks. And the men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea, in west Africa, last week.
The co-authors of Pete Evans' controversial infant cookbook have spoken out  in defence of the chef's decision to independently release the book despite being dumped by publishers. Speaking on The Morning Show, co-authors of 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way', Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. The pair did address the controversial 'Happy Tummy Brew' recipe which attracted criticism for it's  ingredients, claiming they have added more vitamin C to the formula. However, the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy. Sumo Salad maintains that their decision was not due to Evans' paleo controversies .
Iniesta perfectly times his pass through to Neymar for the first goal against PSG at the Camp Nou . 'We're feeling very good going into the decisive stretch of the season,' the World Cup winner stated. Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday looking to extend their lead at the top of La Liga, and Iniesta anticipates a difficult task at the home of their neighbours.
More and more women are demanding their own 'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors.
White solidarity groups in South Africa are protesting over the removal of a statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes from the University of Cape Town. ‘It marks a significant… shift where the country deals with its ugly past in a positive and constructive way’, he said to press agency AFP, adding the government did not encourage the violent removal of statues.
The findings, in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings. They found that vaccines had no effect on autism risk, whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed.
Happy 60th birthday to the Hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. The Hercules is big. At Lockheed's Marietta, Georgia, factory in 1955, the governor of Georgia christened the first production C-130A by smashing a bottle of Chattahoochee River water across its nose.
Researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. Ms Rosendahl said: 'This shows that these substances have an effect on the breast cancer cells and turn off signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow.'
It was April 22, 1915. Around 150,000 chemical casualties were reported. The Germans used about 150 tons of gas in their first attack and around 68,000 tons in total. Historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas — and 90,000 killed.
Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down. 'I live in Pittsburgh. We’re not afraid of anything,' Doyle joked, according to the Hill Blotter. The testing lasted just under two hours.
(CNN)The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts, including: . -- The Salvation Army .
Hundreds have attended the funeral of a nine-year-old Calais schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a Polish migrant. Chloe had been snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38. I was in panic.
Suicide: Robin Williams with wife Susan Schneider in 2009, and the actor months before his death in 2014 . He says that Williams's online activity suggested he knew 'there was something else wrong with him… something that he couldn't put his finger on'. Ms Schneider later described how her husband stuffed a number of his jewelled watches into a sock before driving to the house of a friend. Blood samples taken after his death showed he had not taken cocaine or alcohol in the last 24 hours of his life.
The club proposed a 4.5metre fine mesh screen to be installed and Liverpool City Council planning committee has given its approval on Tuesday. The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches .
Inter Milan have opened discussions with Manchester City about Stevan Jovetic. City are willing to listen to offers for Jovetic if they can recoup a significant amount of the £22million they paid Fiorentina for him in 2013. Inter are also interested in a deal for midfielder Yaya Toure, pictured celebrating a goal against Sunderland .
Mr al-Assad, 77, went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad, who was Syria's president at the time and is also Bashar's father. Heart of the regime: Rifaat al-Assad (left) is pictured with his brother, the late Syrian president Hafez al-Assad, in 1984 before his exile from the country . Mr Al-assad commanded Syria's notorious internal security forces in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then as well as having a poorer record of their upbringing, with noticeably fewer photos and home movies taken of their young life.
Previous: Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy . Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments. But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012. Minutes later he was shot dead .
New Orleans Pelicans' playing and coaching staff celebrate after reaching the NBA play-offs on Wednesday . Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in the Thunder's 138-113 victory over Minnesota that was rendered moot by New Orleans' play-off-clinching win over San Antonio. Over in the East, the Brooklyn Nets are through to the play-offs after beating the Orlando Magic 101-88 . Marc Gasol's (left) 33 points helped condemn the Indiana Pacers to a 95-83 defeat at the Memphis Grizzlies .
(CNN)Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison Monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Before her sentence was handed down, Arias expressed remorse for her actions.
Andrew Cole (right) took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt on Saturday night .
Secret romance: Mexican artist Frida Kahlo (pictured) wrote passionate love letters to Jose Bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera . The letters, 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle New York on April 15, were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose until his death in 1995. High price: The letters (pictured) are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 dollars .
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process. He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker. The claimants have more than 20 children by him - but are concerned for the health of their children because of his medical history.
The general in charge of the U.S. Army Recruiting Command has warned that America’s growing obesity epidemic ‘is becoming a national security issue.’ Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Alex Pritchard celebrates his stunning strike with his Brentford team-mates, after putting his side ahead . Goal: Bent 92 . Brentford were good value for their half-time lead and they came close to increasing it in the 51st minute when Bryson's attempted clearance spun back to Andre Gray - but Albentosa deflected his shot wide.
Nearly a decade later, the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother, the richest person in Australia. 'She was distressed and crying in Hancock Prospecting's offices. The Rinehart children currently control 23 per cent of the company, while Gina Rinehart has a stake of more than 76 per cent. Ms Rinehart, along with her brother John Hancock, lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting .
(CNN)That's some rich "American Pie." The lyrics to the famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday morning at an auction held by Christie's. The song hit No. 1 in early 1972, despite its length.
Property portfolio: Sol Campbell and his wife Fiona . A former home of James Bond author Ian Fleming, the luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £6.75million. It has since been extensively renovated by his wife, an interior designer and granddaughter of Barratt Homes founder Sir Lawrie Barratt.
Stephan Lichtsteiner could tell Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba were going to be special after training with them, and the defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing. Lichtsteiner played with Hazard at Lille and currently stars alongside Pogba at Juventus, where he feels he is watching 18-year-old forward Coman being sculpted into a special player.
Bennett labelled the tight end 'soft' and 'overrated', not to mention adding that 'he didn't like him as a person or a player', after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago. 'Just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way. Bennett came on the airwaves to address rumours that he had asked for a trade to join former defensive co-ordinator Dan Quinn at the Atlanta Falcons.
For Hemphrey, a 25-year-old former Folkestone grammar school pupil who suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system, has an amazing story to tell, after forging an unlikely first-class career in Australia. It has been an extraordinary journey for Hemphrey from a second XI debut for Kent at 15 to his recent status as the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. Not that he completely rules out a return: 'I don't want to close any doors.
Phil Jones hopes Manchester United 'turn up and play their football' vs Manchester City on Sunday . Jones (left) started for United in their 3-1 win at home to Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon . 'We've got to move on the next game.
The passengers are amazed as they film the driver who sings along   to the opera song word perfectly .
Victim: Carol Lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in the latest wave of anti-immigrant protests near Johannesburg in South Africa . Foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee Primrose, near Johannesburg to escape the violence .
The original version of the Nissan Note was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of more than 60,000 drivers . Hyundai i20 Mk1 - 81.01% . Fiat Panda Mk2 - 81.49% . Of the 200 car models covered by the survey, the ten most comfortable include five by Lexus – which also took the top spot.
On Wednesday, a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as David Cameron tried to read with her. And the Prime Minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe; Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015, which has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations. These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. But most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all. At 1.3 acres, the country is the size of a football field.
Tickled: Toronto officer Luke Watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the Day of Pink event held on April 8 across Canada . The Day of Pink was born in Nova Scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate, who was wearing a pink shirt, was being bullied.
Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21, is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai and no closer to being declared symptom-free. The episode raises questions about whether the 29-year-old was brought back too early for England’s title-decider against France, having been knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
The top performer was Southwest Airlines, which offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5% of 103.1 million total passenger seats. (JetBlue only operates in 10 of the top 25 markets included in the study.)
London (CNN)A Polish Prince has challenged populist British politician Nigel Farage to a duel  in London's Hyde Park over his immigration policy. In a video posted on YouTube, Prince Jan Zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain.
The boy's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her Range Rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C yesterday. She grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help. Police confirmed the baby was unhurt.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. After the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else.
The 26-year-old West Ham striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton and won't be available for the rest of the season. Andy Carroll posted this photograph on his Instagram showing him posing on an over-sized chair .
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz  was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
Lille got back to winning ways in emphatic fashion with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers Reims. Metz gave themselves at least some hope of staying up as Modibo Maiga's hat-trick earned them a 3-2 victory over relegation rivals Toulouse. Nice and Evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival with Adrien Thomasson scoring .
How life begins: Seven-year-old Sophia, the daughter of two moms, made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby . The video is illustrated by the first-grader, who uses a series of kid-friendly cartoons to depict the process she is describing.
Gareth Bale could miss out on Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano after injuring his left foot during a training session on Tuesday morning. January signing Lucas Silva (left) takes a selfie with team-mates Navas, Marcelo and Rodriguez (L-R) Spain midfielder Isco - who is available again after suspension- is likely to replace Bale in Ancelotti's starting XI if the Welshman is deemed unable to play.
Shortly after being presented with the green jacket, the man who has rapidly become everyone's favourite Texan flew to New York and gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours. Then, despite the obvious fatigue, he flew to South Carolina to keep his promise to play the Heritage tournament — his fourth event in a row — because, well, they were good to him on the way up and he wanted to pay them back. Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport . Local favourite Ian Poulter, world No 3 Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September . England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham . Cheika is convinced Burgess will feature for England at the World Cup despite his quiet start in union .
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain for the election. Mr Carroll came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests, with the songs Ring-a-Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively.
Danel Hall (pictured), 10, was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog . The bullet had narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life.
The Conservative leader was pulled up on the error after the speech, which he read from an autocue, though the party has since admitted it was not included in his prepared text but was an off the cuff remark. He said: 'I'm a Villa fan ... 'But there we are, these things sometimes happen when you are on the stump.'
The country’s Directorate-General of Customs said 18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase that was abandoned on the baggage carousel. Officers detained the baffled tourist, who was waiting for his luggage, at the airport and questioned him about the drugs.
The male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the TSA screening system at Denver International airport in 2014 . 'When the screener does this, the scanning machine will indicate an anomaly in the genital area.' The male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport.
The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee. The suspected gunman, identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school.
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. Location: RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race. The B.A.A. plans to use the RunBase for special events, including clinics and meet-ups where recreational joggers can connect or get tips from coaches before heading out on a run.
Radamel Falcao fires wide for Manchester United past Chelsea's onrushing keeper Thibaut Courtois . Falcao hasn't scored or had a shot on target for United since netting against Leicester in January .
‘Oh come on, guys’, Rosberg exasperates after missing out on pole by 0.042secs. The Mercedes man is 0.280secs slower than his team-mate. Rosberg follows Hamilton across the line, but he is three tenths slower than his Mercedes team-mate. Button, Alonso and the team have been speaking with plenty of optimism this weekend, but they will start tomorrow’s race only 17th and 18th. Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa are both on the option tyres for their first timed runs of the afternoon.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight . Diddy puts his money where his mouth is and the duo agree to put $250,000 on the showdown . American boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting down $10,000 on a stoppage during the fight.
The Prime Minister, who had just done a viewer call-in on ITV's This Morning, made the comment as host Phillip Schofield moved on to the next item . Mr Cameron, who was off camera, could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Steven Gerrard hoped his Liverpool career would end at Wembley but now the curtain will fall in Stoke. Gerrard was the denied the opportunity of ending his Liverpool career in this season's FA Cup final at Wembley . May 10, 2015: Gerrard travels with Liverpool to face Chelsea, who could have already wrapped up the title, and faces being ridiculed by the Stamford Bridge crowd.
Goering, who founded the Gestapo and was commander of the German air force, was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer. John Cabello, owner of Devon-Parade Antiques, where the uniform is being sold, said the wear and tear on the uniform helped them identify Goering as its original owner. It is being sold by Parade Antiques in Plymouth, Devon .
Shannon has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 . Greater Manchester Police confirmed that Shannon, from Glossop, Derbyshire, would appear before magistrates next week. He turned to Shannon to guide his comeback in 2012 but the Senchenko defeat was their only fight together.
Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck and her mother, father, sister and cousin came down with the disease.
This is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. Dr Valentine and his colleagues discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
Flower, here walking off after being shown a grand final red card, will return on Thursday against Warrington . Wigan coach Shaun Wane told a news conference at the DW Stadium on Tuesday that he will throw Flower straight back in, almost certainly from the bench, and expects him to be just as physical. We need a Ben Flower in our team. Flower falls on Hohaia after first punching the New Zealand international to the ground .
In Manchester, where 240 machines are still not upgraded, motorists without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit. Experts fear the problem could become even worse when the new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017.
The 28-second video which was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
A hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral. In the note, which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London, the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the Royal Sussex County Hospital . Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain. She died five days later. Mr Dee is now suing the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust for clinical negligence.
!’ Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note  criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook . ‘To be honest I have no idea why anyone would do this to me. Jade was accused of 'p***ing' everybody off by posting too many photos of her baby daughter on Facebook . She refused to bow down to the bullies. She has also vowed to continue to post photos of her treasured baby.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013. After getting her number from a cellmate, the prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour. In January last year Boente made numerous abusive calls to the woman - telling her she was going to die and making threats against her young child.
McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11, as his metaphoric rise in the UFC continues with a shot at the Featherweight World title. Floyd Mayweather dismissed the UFC fighter and said all he wants is publicity for his fight .
Naomi, 44, and 24-year-old Jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection. The second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat. Jourdan and Naomi, who are close friends, look chic in the luxury British fashion house's colour-pop collared trench coats.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty Python's Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox .
The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by Prof Peckitt, who is a world-renowned facial surgeon. The hearing heard that Patient A could have been blinded by the force of the punches from Professor Peckitt. 'He applied about ten punches like a boxer. Professor Peckitt didn't seek advice from colleagues and quit his post days later. He is now believed to be working as a consultant surgeon in Dubai and elected not to attend the hearing but issued an email in which he 'emphatically denied' the allegations.
The presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the Khaki Cup Final. On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to contest a controversial FA Cup final . The anniversary is being marked in Manchester by the National Football Museum whose exhibition The Greater Game: Football & The First World War tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption, forcing fans onto the roads. The planned engineering works over the Easter weekend will hit all routes to and from London Euston – hitting the busy west coast services between the capital and Birmingham, Manchester and Liverpool.
Family of Italian woman killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the Australian public to help them bring her body home to Italy . They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body . Ms Caffero remains in hospital in a critical condition.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol (NHP) trooper. Distracted driving fines range from $50 for the first offense up to $250 and a six-month license suspension .
For the first time in the annals of boxing – as Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao step on the scales next Friday – fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in. Thousands of fans watched Ricky Hatton and Mayweather weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday . Carl Froch could choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr's defeat by Andrzej Fonfara last week .
Raheem Sterling (left) has revealed that he hopes Liverpool fans create a chant for him . Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week  offer although he insists it has nothing to do with money . Last season I loved the song for Luis Suarez — [Steven] Gerrard and [Philippe] Coutinho have good ones too.
Now new research revealed that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs. Some stegosaurus individuals have been found with wide plates while others had tall plates with a sharper tip that were 45 per cent smaller. Experts believed that these may have been two distinct species or individuals of a different age. This suggests they belonged to two different sexes instead. 'These broad plates would have provided a great display surface to attract mates.
A mysterious past: The history of this 19th century asylum in the West Midlands saw patients being restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and 'restraint chair'. St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . In need of a makeover: The asylum is now set to be transformed into 102 apartments.
The day after Brendan Rodgers' side secured an FA Cup semi-final berth Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool. A day at the races (from left): Fabio Borini, Glen Johnson, Dani Lawrence (wife of Brad Jones), Laura Johnson and Borini's wife, Erin O'Neill enjoy opening day of the Grand National Meeting at Aintree . The Liverpool FC race-goers on parade during their big day out on Thursday .
The Knightsbridge flat, London, which is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes, has just three years left on the lease. The cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million.
Two rare paintings used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released. One of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time, went for £25,000 . Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
In both cases Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife and $4.5million on the death of his second. Grace Rishell was Herald Henthorn's first wife Lynn Rishell's sister-in-law. She said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out on her . He had forged her signature and made himself the sole beneficiary on the policy, Rishell told CBS's 48 Hours. 'That was his doing. Both of Henthron's wives died in 'freak' accidents to which Henthorn, 59, was the sole witness.
Tragic: John Timmons, 29, and Amanda Murphy, 24, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013 . Deborah Dellinger, the defendant's wife, described her husband from the witness stand Wednesday as a 'man of ethics, integrity and friendship' who has lived his life with 'grace and modesty,' despite being plagued with serious health problems. Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday. He .
He was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order.' Shearing was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail at Swansea Crown Court (pictured) and now faces an additional sentence for absconding .
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been found stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. She gained notoriety in January when this picture began circulating online . A picture of her body laying next to a dead man and another woman was taken before another image was posted showing her dismembered body in the cooler.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN)University of Nairobi students were terrified Sunday morning when they heard explosions -- caused by a faulty electrical cable -- and believed it was a terror attack, the school said. The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa, Kenya.
During the Masters, Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing the risk of back and knee injuries: mid-back mobility and internal hip rotation. When golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips, they compensate with their low back and knees, which not only hampers play but often leads to pain and injury.
'Right now, I’ve had 11 hours of surgery. I can’t see out of my right eye. And that’s okay, I can live with that,' he said, according to Fusion. 'I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard...' he said trailing off as Ramos interrupted him with another question. The longtime lawmaker, upon announcing his retirement last month, insisted his departure from the Senate was not related to the accident. Reid said he has 'no repentance' for dragging Romney through the mud because 'it is an issue that was important.'
He founded CyArk, a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture, in 2003.
The 2015 Sydney Royal Easter show, which opened to the public last Thursday 26 March . The official website displays the retail value of the showbags contents, reveal that some of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright-such as the Cowboy Bag (L)-while others are a mere 10 cents less than their retail value-like the Fruit Tingles Bag .
The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone. The video is part of a promotional tour from Porsche to promote their 918 Spyder, a limited edition $900,000 supercar .
Later, sources were quick to tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look on his face. Before Express Yourself, Madonna had sung Human Nature and Hung Up.
From the dry, relentless heat of Alice Springs to the icy cold hills of Canberra, a university student will push his body to the limit, running a marathon in each of Australia’s eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late, treasured childhood friend. Callum Ryan poses with his treasured friend Malachy Frawley, who sadly passed away when he was 14 . Callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience Malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a Congenital Heart Disease, which severely affected his mobility. Although he had never run a marathon before, Callum Ryan, 21, committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015 .
Getting ready: Royal superfans Margaret Tyler and John Loughery outside the Lindo Wing . Regular: John Loughery, 60, has been present for every major royal event of the last 10 years . Pole position: Mrs Tyler surveys the scene outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington .
Kristen Lindsey from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral and then posted the image on Facebook . The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head. Vet of the year award... gladly accepted.' Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
THe Premier League has turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor . Sky Sports’ petty refusal to let pundit Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday — because it’s on Channel 4 — doesn’t mean that an Arsenal legend will not doing the honours. Surrey boss Richard Thompson’s elevation to chairman of the England cricket commercial committee will aid the sport’s chronic need for more terrestrial TV coverage.
NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is expected to make a full recovery after undergoing emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Thursday, April 16. After retiring, the 19-time NBA All Star and six-time MVP starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee, wrote nine New York Times best-sellers and was appointed to be the US Cultural Ambassador by Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2012.
Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space. And one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days. The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema has been ruled out of his side's La Liga match against Malaga . Second-placed Real are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona, who host fourth-placed Valencia earlier on Saturday.
So who will be voted PFA Player of the Year? Eden Hazard is the hot favourite but whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank. Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur . David de Gea - Manchester United .
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, he says. Dalton pleaded: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story. Katie and Dalton Prager (above), who suffer from cystic fibrosis, followed their hearts and married as teens in 2011 .
Gaston Pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the  assaults  more than 50 years ago. A judge branded the historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed the frail father-of-four. At an earlier hearing the defendant, who uses a hearing aid, admitted nine charges of indecent assault.
It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair. The company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at the clinic on Kings Road in Chelsea London.
Films and TV shows depicting 'beautiful young vampires' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces, an exorcism expert says. Hollywood films portraying 'beautiful young vampires', such as Robert Pattinson in Twilight, are said to be driving an increase in young people dabbling in the occult .
New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in gifts and campaign contributions. The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60, according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the New York Post. Claiming innocence: Melgen has also been charged in the indictment, in addition to other Medicaid fraud charges, pleading not guilty to both. Meanwhile, Menendez continues his role as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and has raised $1.3million for his legal defense fund.
Close quarters: At Coachella, thousands of people are packed into tight spaces, which creates conditions for bacteria and viruses to spread quickly .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle. 'The car may still have the rear number plate attached which is SA registered S145 AVI.'
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited on Friday to light up the Empire State Building in New York Cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season. The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt in the following years .
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad under Louis van Gaal . The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa and feels he has a role to play at United . Young feels he and Wayne Rooney (left) are among those that have had to share the responsibility .
Rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid. Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. Enraged residents in Farnham, Surrey, have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last, according to a press release. Portnoy replaces A.J. Pero, who died March 20.
Adebayor joined Spurs in 2011 from Manchester City, initially on loan before an impressive first season tally of 18 goals, convinced the club to make the switch permanent for £5million the following summer. Adebayor's last Premier League goal for Spurs came during a 1-2 defeat by Newcastle back in October last year.
The event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, Design Studio on April 30 at 8pm. PT. While products such as these already exist, founder Elon Musk (left) thinks they 'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson. Rival car manufacturer Toyota already uses a hydrogen fuel cell in its Mirai car that can be removed and used to power a home.
Teenager Becky Watts had to be identified by her DNA after her dismembered body parts were found . Becky, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later. An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings, involving her step-brother, take place.
Uncapped duo Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in a 14-man West Indies squad for the first Test against England.
I would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country.’ Ramsey claims Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain,' but says that he won't be asking for his advice .
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Aston Villa on Sunday . Gerrard has been missing all month after serving his three-match ban for seeing red against Man United . Manager Brendan Rodgers has used Gerrard sparingly so far this season .
The Biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A and won 1-0 at Napoli on Wednesday to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final. Lazio are one point adrift of city rivals Roma with nine games remaining.
A Spanish woman found dead alongside her British partner and two children in Gibraltar is believed to have killed her family before taking her own life. Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, is said to have been 'suffering from post-natal depression' when she allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. Killed: Illinois State associate head basketball coach Torrey Ward, left, and businessman Scott Bittner, right, were killed in the crash . ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch (pictured above), was also killed in the crash . Stralow was the co-owner of Pub II in Normal. The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be available again when PSG meet Barcelona on Tuesday, after missing the first leg . They (Barca) have attacking players with incredible talent,' Blanc added. Blanc was pessimistic about his side's chances, but says they must play as if they have nothing to lose .
Flashback to 2012: These were the heartbreaking scenes of a family being torn apart when four young sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in Italy . This edition of 60 Minutes will screen nationally on Channel 9 at 8.30pm this Sunday, April 12 .
He will face long-time rival Novak Djokovic in the final in Miami on Sunday . Murray is set to marry his fiancee in Dunblane next Saturday .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead. Ireland's most infamous woman prisoner went largely unnoticed as she took the bus unaccompanied after leaving prison - with an unsuspecting female commuter sitting down next to her - according the Daily Mirror. Nevin married Galway-born Tom in 1976.
"Stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he posted early Tuesday, along with a photo showing him behind the wheel of a car with what looks like blue police lights in the background.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. Mr Allan, from the Archer River Roadhouse, says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of Anzac Day. She said the 100th anniversary of Gallipoli was a significant event for all Australians.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde - a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid - starting last September. According to SFGate.com, Ouyang admitted to poisoning two students' bottles as well as her own. 'It was me crying out for help.' She was part of Stanford's Cancer Biology program but is no longer a student at the prestigious California university . Ouyang has been released on $50,000 bond. She's expected back in court in May.
More than 40 years after The Exorcist (pictured) left cinema audiences green, The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions, organisers said.
Grealish (centre) impressed against Liverpool and is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England . Tim Sherwood celebrates Villa's win over Liverpool and wants more of the same from Grealish .
The St Tropez-born model moved to the US to become a glossy magazine bikini model . The pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes safely .
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone while reviewing the new Aston Martin. However, after the review was published earlier this month, police on the Isle of Man have confirmed they are looking into the incident which saw the racing driver allegedly going four times the speed limit.
Floyd Mayweather has claimed he is a better fighter than Muhammad Ali. Mayweather, who takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2, is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1. But he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
A Roma gang accused of selling a newborn  to a childless couple for £6,500 and a car has told a French court that the child was 'a gift' Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today, accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'. Documents including identity cards were falsified to try and make it look like the parents who bought the baby were the biological mother and father.
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy. Some of them held signs that read, 'Will you go to prom with me?' Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite.
Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982. Obama asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the pose before joining him in his signature pose .
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United for teenager John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci. The duo are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million, the second double raid on the club after signing Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven .
The Storm Prediction Center said 57 million people lived in an area with an 'enhanced risk' of hail, damaging winds and tornadoes on Thursday. Severe thunderstorms packing 80mph winds and large hail made their way across central Missouri on Wednesday afternoon, including several capable of producing tornadoes. Areas that won't see strong storms on Thursday could see heavy rain instead. Thursday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as those in Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas .
For the first time, Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home. When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family. And then they decided to meet in person. The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born.
From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. Hidden behind a rock! On 64 people reside on Greenland's Isortoq village, which is set in the middle of miles of snow and ice.
Ronaldo gives the fan a hug after a frustrating night at the Vicente Calderon for Real Madrid . Ronaldo had hit 15 in his 20 Madrid derbies; Bale had only netted one goal against Atletico, but what a goal it was – the strike that won the Champions League final. Gareth Bale misses the best chance of the match early in the first half as Jan Oblak saves .
He has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications in a bid to 'be the person I want to be' but Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work. Mr Whelan, who officially changed his name to King of Inkland King Body Art The Extreme Ink-ite but goes by Body Art for short, has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings. Mr Body Art, who appears on a Channel 5 documentary entitled 2,000 Tattoos, 40 Piercings and a Pickled Ear tonight, hasn't always had the acceptance he craves - even within his own family.
Real wanted Ribery after he fell out with then-Bayern head coach Louis van Gaal, though he says he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance by the club's elite. He was told that he could be as vital to Bayern as Lionel Messi is to Barcelona .
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent .
They also showed for the first time that that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soils. The researchers found a drastic decrease in nicotine concentration in plants as time progressed.
Slager pulled Scott over at 9:33 a.m. Saturday for a broken taillight, according to authorities. The video shows Walter Scott running away, with his back to the officer. He felt "a little bit of anger and happy at the same time," the brother said.
She revealed that Joanna Lumley, who plays Patsy in the comedy (pictured with Saunders) had told her to ‘do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn French.
Arrested: Veteran William Snyder, 34, has been charged in connection with the disappearance and death of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34 . She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday. Police in Renovo say that Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for his wife's safe return. Recovered: The body of Shelley Jo Snyder was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband .
Despite the visitors dominating significant periods of the match, it was goals to Holland's Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen that proved decisive at the Amsterdam ArenA. The first 20 minutes have burdened us,' Del Bosque said after the match. 'We have taken command of the game, we've been all over them, we have reached the penalty area but we lacked a goal.'
The SNCF company made an official complaint to French prosecutors saying the action in Sunday's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy. John Degenkolb, winner of the race famed for its 26 sections of bone-jarring cobbled roads, was among the group who went through the barrier as it closed.
But getting him into the system was hard, because Helinski's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen. Then, Helinski remembered that he used to have an account with a certain Landmark Bank.
They found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes . Cigar consumption more than doubled from 2000-2011 – in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes .
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying the activities and behaviour of lions in the Zimbabwean reserve for years.
Now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory, in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading Mongolian armies could throw at it. The fortress has huge historical, cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status in China.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi in a 2013 coup . Soltan, who grew up in Missouri, Michigan and Ohio and graduated from Ohio State in 2012, has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months. In May last year he was thought to have lost 98 pounds.
Facebook is testing the service in Taiwan and Australia, where from today, users of the app will see short status messages under their friends’ names, The Verge reported. Users can choose from an array of small pictures, such as a bicycle or coffee cup, for example, to go with their status. They can just be seen in the sidebar and expire after 12 hours – allowing only the person who posted them to access them again.
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3. Missing: Ashley Pegram, left, has been missing since she went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, right, on April 3 after they met online. He has now been charged with obstructing justice . Bonilla told her he had kicked her sister out of the car around midnight.
Whether it is through Sir Bradley Wiggins, Geraint Thomas or Ian Stannard, Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd hurled water bottles and abuse at them. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground. 'Police will be taking legal action against them while inquiries to identify others involved are continuing,' a police statement said. Canterbury coach Des Hasler apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack .
The time has come for Australia’s favourite rock star-turned-politician Peter Garrett to sell his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs. The retired Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family’s Sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. As to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar’s home boasts beautiful high ceilings.
The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. Above, police search the area for the bodies . The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester. However, I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib-Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote, and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland. (sic) Where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged German Jew. Ironically in my half century of imprisonment, I discovered that most professional criminals are Tory voters!
(CNN)A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands. Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying."
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern China's Fujian province. Pingan Zhao (pictured) was named China's 'miracle baby' after he was born as his mother died in a crash . Pingan (right) celebrates his first birthday with his family .
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki for a 2-0 lead in their Fed Cup tie . Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets .
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to remain with the Maranello marque.
Happy family: Former world No 1 Tiger Woods enjoyed some quality time on the course at Augusta on Tuesday as he was joined by his children Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, as well as longterm girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . The former world No 1 needs all the support he can get after dropping outside the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996 . Woods is making his latest atttempt at a comeback at The Masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities .
Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune, is nestled on the banks of Lake Haupiri on New Zealand's west coast . 'That's all you know to be outside Gloriavale, is a lot of evil and that sort of thing.' A scene from the 2004 M. Night Shyamalan film, The Village. Mr Overcomer was initially kicked out of the Gloriavale for five weeks around Christmas 2012 after 'asking too many questions' of the Elders, who rule the sect. 'He was out for six months, away from his wife and family.
Sweeten, best known for his role Geoffrey Barone, was visiting family in Texas, entertainment industry magazine Hollywood Reporter reported, where he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch.
A florist in eastern Washington state fined $1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and also facing a consumer-protection lawsuit has netted more than $87,000 in a crowdfunding campaign. Breaking the law: In February,  a Benton County judge ruled that Stutzman's refusal to provide flowers for the ceremony was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Sam Allardyce has fired a warning to full back Aaron Cresswell - whose been linked with a move to Manchester City - that the grass isn't always greener and he should look at Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair as examples. The West Ham star has had a fine debut season in the Premier League, with a number of big clubs circling him for a possible summer move.
The café manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day. By charging a one yuan (11p) 'air-purifying fee' per person, the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing China, reported the People's Daily Online. The two-storey Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. 'Intimidating': Colina, pictured in photos he posted to Facebook, also has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him after he allegedly attacked a fellow gym user last November . 'Threats': A witness said Colina had also intimidated other gym users when he wanted to use equipment .
Tokyo (CNN)A week after a Japanese court issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in a western prefecture, a different court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country's southwest. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant.
Unbeaten boxer Danny Garcia, who defeated Amir Khan in four rounds in 2012, revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face Lamont Peterson on Saturday. The light welterweight champion stripped off his sock to show his six toes in an interview with TMZ .
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and  will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. They were able to retrieve them from a mailbox. The glasses were to be put back on display on Wednesday.
This is three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000. Leicester hitman Leonoardo Ulloa (right) strikes the ball to score his side's opening goal against Swansea during the match on Saturday . King scores Leicester's second goal on the rebound following Cambiasso's parried free-kick to secure a 2-0 win for the home side .
The defendant, Claudio Giardiello, 46, is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi  in an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me'. Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'. Giardiello likely used a false ID pass to enter the court through a side door reserved for judges and lawyers, who are not obliged to have their belongings scanned by a metal detector, Milan public prosecutor Edmondo Bruto Liberati said.
Researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk . The researchers found that increases in PM2.5 in towns and cities was linked with a 46 per cent higher risk of silent strokes.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. Then Nathan slowly begins stroking Seth's face gently with the piece of white tissue paper. The video has already received 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago .
Alexis Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season following his £30million switch from Barcelona . ‘Putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child,’ Marino warned.
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet. 'He's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan. 'He's a special dog and he's going to a special child.'
Novak Djokovic issued an apology via Facebook to a ball boy he frightened during the Miami Open . Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the final to Andy Murray . The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy (right)  who seemed startled by the loud confrontation . Djokovic raises his arms after claiming victory over Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday .
Just a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster. On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing. While the original earthquake's magnitude - 7.9 - labelled it a 'major' incident, it struck just 11km underground, making its effects all the more devastating.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season .
Seventh start-up: Australian Entrepreneur Jo Burston, 43, achieved a turnover of $40 million in her first four years of business . High on her bucket-list, she jumped at the chance and it was during alone time with the Virgin mogul that her new project 'Inspiring Rare Birds' came into being.
Thousands of people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets of Norfolk today to wave farewell to the Light Dragoons. They are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in Catterick, North Yorkshire. 'We've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here.
All three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school. Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’.
(CNN)After two days of deliberation, jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing. By 2050, Pew reports, that will be some 1 out of 3. By 2070? Imagine how this looks to a restless young Muslim. But we all knew that wasn't enough. What in Islam causes violence? Their solution is bankrupt.
New York City FC's Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back . David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time on Thursday night . New York City have made a slow start to the MLS season, winning just once .
Manchester City's hopes of retaining the Premier League title were dealt another blow as Manuel Pellegrini's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace. With James Milner and Frank Lampard on the bench, Manuel Pellegrini named a team without a single English outfield player for the 16th Premier League game this season.
during the speech. 'Under the agreed-upon parameters, sanctions will be suspended in a phased manner upon verification that Iran has met specific commitments,' State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said during a daily press briefing. 'In most regards,' he claimed, it 'was faulty, incorrect and contrary to the substance of the negotiations.' 'The Iranians have a 100 per cent record of forcing the Americans to bow to their interpretation whenever there's a dispute over Iranian concessions publicly declared by the Obama administration, including and specifically on fact sheets,' Ceren said Thurdsay. 'We are also concerned the Obama administration is so desperate for a nuclear deal, that Washington will give more concessions to Tehran,' he added.' 'The Iranian nation has been and will be the victor in the negotiations.'
The Iowa City police officer who apprehended her on Sunday also said that Pippen 'accused me of being racist'. Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am. Scottie Pippen, 49, is a basketball Hall of Fame member, won six NBA championships with the Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls.
The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington (pictured). Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne. The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president or worldwide operations . Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
The first people to be affected by Qantas’s newly enforced 'smart casual' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline’s lounges for wearing thongs. 'The dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and clubs.' Qantas said they were 'sorry to disappoint' when Maria Neale was refused entry to a lounge .
This is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017. Scientists believe that streams of asteroid fragments can travel on nearly identical orbits.
Drinking two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning, a study found. Caffeine caused the cells to divide less frequency - and die more often - especially when it was drunk in combination with tamoxifen.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down, authorities said. Left behind: Kelly and his wife Christie, pictured, have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine .
Neil Killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on Friends 16 years ago. It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles .
Recording himself from behind, the man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen just in front of him. Weaving down the slope, the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video and he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning.
A German language teacher has been suspended in France after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as 'subdue unruly pupils'. The Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record, and his plans for overseas expansion. 'He was a good man who built motorways and liked music,' she is alleged to have said, before being suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France.
Claudia Martin, 33, has been convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter . Martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. 'The explanation for your conduct is you were suffering from an abnormality of mental functioning which substantially impaired your judgement.
Chad Mendes underlined his No 1 spot in UFC's featherweight rankings with an explosive first-round technical knockout of former title contender Ricardo Lamas in Fairfax on Saturday night. Meanwhile in the co-main even, Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in an epic encounter, which saw Iaquinta considerably bloodied and Masvidal sporting a heavily welted lead leg after the 15-minute war. Earlier, Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon with two first-round finishes that won both fighters 'Performance of the Night' honours.
Eddie Raymond Tipton (above) of Norwalk, Iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery . Now prosecutors believe the Iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system . Robert Clark Rhodes, who tried to claim the ticket, was arrested in March and also charged with two counts of fraud.
Ana Figueroa (pictured with husband Nixon) has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue . The Figueroas say that neither the landlord of the demolished buildings, Mayor Bill de Blasio nor Con Edison have contacted them with condolences following their loss . Mrs Figueroa, who was hugged by passersby who saw the memorial to her son, said that she still cries every night .
Charles Barnhoorn, who was found dead in his bedroom at the family home after a weekend of taking the drug nitrous oxide . A 20-year-old man killed himself days after inhaling hundreds of cans of so-called 'hippy crack' at a weekend-long party. At an inquest into his death, Torbay Coroner Ian Arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation. Mr Barnhoorn pictured with his mother Susan.
Alastair Cook insists he is 'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. England captain Alastair Cook in training in Basseterre as his team prepare for the West Indies Test series . Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer .
Juventus defender Patrice Evra has revealed that Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would make a great coach one day during his time at Manchester United. Evra is now at Juventus but says he has already taken some of his coaching badges .
The terrier, named Cookie, barked at  Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, as they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money. But as owners John and Emma Evans watched in horror, Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims' car. The court heard that Cookie, pictured, required stitches and is recovering at home following the attack .
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu. High-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous Australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide, but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe. Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack' Shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco, which is burned on hot coals, through a long tube.
The study, of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25, found they read magazines ‘infrequently’ but checked Facebook every few hours.
Hutchinson signed the new legislation last night. 'It was never intended to discriminate against anyone,' Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long said at a Thursday morning at a press conference. No one has the legal right to 'refuse to offer or provide' goods, services, facilities or employment to anyone for those reasons, it says. The altered bill would more closely mirror federal legislation . The fixes passed the state's Senate Wednesday night and its House Thursday.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure this summer . The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Samir Nasri leave the Etihad Stadium .
Model Chrissy Teigen was praised this week as she posted a picture of herself to Instagram showing off her stretch marks . The singer Pink hit back at those who criticised her weight at an event recently, saying that she was happy with her body .
Carl Beatson Asiedu (left) was stabbed to death outside a nightclub by Jeffrey Okafor (right) who then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport . Shortly after the stabbing, Ofakor confessed to his girlfriend before he fled the country on his brother's passport and would remain in Nigeria for five years.
With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’.
Tim Sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph and held on for the famous victory. Aston Villa (4-1-2-1-2) Shay Given 6.5 . Jack Grealish 7.5 . Christian Benteke 7.5 . Never really got in the game. Philippe Coutinho 7 .
Launched in October 2020, AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022.
The incredible moment over 1000 spider crabs formed a pyramid during their pre-migration has been caught on camera by an underwater photographer. The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. The report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters.
The 25-year-old Ghana international is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs. Ayew, who scored for Ghana against World champions Germany and USA in last summer's World Cup, has also attracted offers from Newcastle and Everton while Wolfsburg and Borussia Dortmund have expressed interest too.
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic for playing an 'essential' role for the French club. 'He helps the young players progress. Ibrahimovic is available for the club's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Barcelona .
Sergio Ramos and Atletico Madrid striker Mandzukic continually clashed on Tuesday night during the tie . The 28-year-old came to blows with defenders Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal  – drawing blood after an elbow to the face from the former, while receiving a punch, and possibly a bite, from the latter. All that added to Simeone feeling Mandzukic was next in line at a forward-thinking club that have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades. And if the latter's showing against Real is anything to go by, then the Atletico manager bought just about the closest thing he could find to replace the Barclays Premier League's joint-top goalscorer.
The Prime Minister’s Challenge Fund already covers 1,100 practices and helps 7.5 million patients see a GP in the evenings and at weekends. Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ‘NHS crisis’ ‘We are extending this scheme to cover over 1,400 additional practices, helping 10 million extra people by this time next year.
This new way of talking about climate change -- and linking it to public health issues -- was part of a roundtable discussion Tuesday at Howard University's College of Medicine. The impacts of climate change on health will depend on a multitude of factors, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Preston North End striker Kevin Davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on Tuesday . Simon Grayson's currently side sit second in the table - eight clear of third-placed MK Dons - following their 3-0 win at Bradford on Easter Monday.
Major Steve Thompson with the Alabama Department of Public Safety's Marine Patrol Division said that one person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found dead on Sunday morning. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta. On Sunday, Coast Guard crews continued searching Sunday for five people missing in the water .
The woman stopped for red lights, but Galvan said she was weaving in and out of traffic lanes and failed to yield when authorities tried to stop her. Patrol officers left their vehicles twice after she halted at two stoplights, but continued their pursuit when she kept on driving, according to NBC Southern California. This sent the car into a slow spin.
A courtroom was thrown into chaos after a judge found a Chicago  detective not guilty of involuntary manslaughter after he shot an unarmed woman in the back of the head. Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22. The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female. She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete. A former beauty queen and an ex-girlfriend of Elvis Presley, Linda and Bruce tied the knot in a beach ceremony in Hawaii on January 5, 1981.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media. Pricier umbrellas sometimes come with guarantees against their frames but if damage is caused by the wind manufacturers say that does not constitute a faulty frame. Mr Sharpe advised: 'Always carry your umbrella into the wind and not over your head. The #umbrella #cemetery.
Australia's World Cup-winning batsman Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring and will be sidelined for up to three months. The 28-year-old was scheduled to join English county side Yorkshire at the end of May.
German foreign ministry cables sent on July 15, cited an incident from the day before when a Ukrainian air force plane was shot down at around 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory. Tragedy: Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year, and all 298 aboard were killed .
When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from Mejia's dead body and took photographs of her, according to the lawsuit. Loss: Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend smashed their car into a pole in 2009 . But the sheriff's office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict Sord.
It was a positive experience for both doctor and patient, and they're not alone; 92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll (KHN is an editorially independent program of the foundation). But he says randomized trials going back to the 1980s just don't support it.
Yes, 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back. She has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent. Parker, meanwhile, returns with his original voice, that of 89-year-old David Graham, but has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater.
Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford hopes his long-term future will be at Stamford Bridge . The 21-year-old striker has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough this season .
The unnamed worker, from Alberta, Canada, instead came armed with with a scathing note from his GP, giving the firm - believed to be Pizza Hut - a ticking off for its office policy 'wasting his time'. Clearly annoyed at having their time 'wasted' writing sick notes for common colds, the unnamed Canadian doctor opens the letter praising their patient for 'sensibly staying home from work'.
On April 17, 1975 -- 40 years ago today -- life as Ly knew it was shattered when her hometown, the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh, fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea. The space for discussing, redressing and healing from the genocide only began to open up in the past decade with the establishment of the Khmer Rouge Tribunal, said Seng.
Michael Carrick's appearance for England against Italy on Tuesday night keeps him in the longest-serving list . Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days - while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days .
There were scenes of elation as a scoreless draw saw Juventus through to their first Champions League semi-final since 2003 . Juventus players celebrate after their 1-0 win in Turin, courtesy of a penalty from Arturo Vital, was preserved in Monaco . The second leg was all about survival. Toulalan (left), who returned to the Monaco line-up after missing the first leg defeat, keeps tight on Morata .
Rebecca Rice, 16, (right) told her French teacher Lorette Esteve (left) that she had struggled with her nerves ahead of her French GCSE oral exam. Ms Esteve advised her to bring her pet dog Holly (middle) to help .
Vin Los, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink, Vin insisted that the Sharpie-like tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms 'embody pop culture', create 'a myth, a mystery' and would one day help him to achieve his goal of global fame. Inked in his underwear: Vin Loss, 24, stars in a new campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his extensive body art .
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 baring the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' Following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students. When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' It's not the first time the married mother-of-two has appeared in the spotlight. She is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children's books.
A thug who repeatedly attacked his girlfriend and dragged her by the hair has been spared jail after a judge told him he was 'almost too dangerous' for prison. District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman' - but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail. Court: Tushingham was given a suspended sentence at Halton Magistrates' Court, pictured .
That's exactly what Tiger Woods was ready for. He smiled, slapped his playing partner Rory McIlroy on the back. There have been enough sightings of the old Tiger at Augusta this week not to give up on him yet. It is Woods's record of 18 under par that Spieth has equalled.
Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51, and Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support on social media.
Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of The Voice UK, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
AS report Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will remain in charge at the Santiago Bernabeu next season .
Toulon captain Hayman admitted Bernard Laporte's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in Sunday's 32-18 quarter-final victory over Wasps. The Cote d'Azur outfit had Frederic Michalak's unerring boot and Ali Williams' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy. Toulon will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on Sunday, April 19 in the last four, with Hayman conceding vast improvements are required to lift the inaugural Champions Cup.
Stuart McCall confident Shane Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers push for promotion to the SPL . Ferguson, 23, only checked in to the club's Murray Park training base on Monday after he was finally given the green light to resume action.
Both men aged 18 and 24, and both currently living in Cockburn Central, were evicted from the island. They have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.
Yet, despite all this interest, the rest of us remain baffled, emotionally and scientifically, by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. Take pre-colonial Brazilians, who thought twins were a product of adultery, resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity. In Greek mythology, however, twins were believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods, meaning they were sacred, while ancient Slavs maintained that twins shared one special soul.
Grand finale: Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night with a spectacular show by Johanna Johnson . Hollywood glamour: The collection, Sirens' Call, featured intricate wedding gowns with with hand-beaded detailing . 'It's also a call to all independent strong women, everyone who is trying to juggle careers, motherhood and even just modern life.' Stand-out pieces were a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrors.
It’s an absolutely incredible piece of play by Charlie Adam. Even Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had to admit that Adam's goal was a strike of the highest quality .
Sir Nick Faldo will now know for sure whether Rory McIlroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world No 1 a squeeze during Monday's practice round at Augusta National. Meanwhile, just 27 per cent of McIlroy's fellow professionals think he will complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters this week.
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin for Italy's 1-1 draw against England prompted 'very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. Conte guided Juventus to three Serie A titles during his time as manager but became Italy boss in August . Graziano Pelle celebrates scoring the opening goal for Italy on Tuesday night at the Juventus Stadium .
The Mayor of New York is allegedly entering preparing to run for president as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton, according to a source within the Democratic Party . Bill de Blasio has yet to endorse Hillary Clinton as the Democrats' presidential candidate, despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her U.S. Senate bid in 2000 .
Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at Mount Carmel Roman Catholic High School (pictured) in Accrington after Muslim students were told they could not grow beards . Liaqat then moved on to another school, where he assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave, Burnley Crown Court (pictured) heard .
Spot the difference: Essex boy Tommy Cox (left) and Prince George of Cambridge (right) look very similar . But she is not keen - as she admits her son’s behaviour sometimes falls rather short of regal.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer after boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France. AP McCoy (right) was unplaced at his last ride at Cheltenham but rides in the Scottish Grand National .
Brockie, who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon Oderus Urungus, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. A lawsuit filed last Thursday by William Brockie, Dave's father and the administrator of his estate, seeks $1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages for alleged breach of contract. Morbid: William Brockie claims that when he demanded to have his son's ashes back, GWAR members refused to let him inside their offices and  then brought him only a small portion of Dave's ashes in a used plastic bag .
Joke: Hayleigh Mcbay, of Elgin in Moray, Scotland, pretended to dump her boyfriend David Clarke . Seeing the funny side, Hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to Twitter, with the caption: 'Well, my April Fools’ backfired :s.' The tweet has seen been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited more than 11,000.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood. Picked up: Officials seized Dvora, 6, (far left) and 10-year-old Rafi (left, blue hat) on Sunday in a Maryland park. Even then, they say they weren't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours. When questioned, the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range' approach to parenting, which encourages independence from infancy. In March, the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January, leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. Suge is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt. Killed: Terry Carter, 55, was killed after Knight ran him down. He lost control of the company after it was forced into bankruptcy.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion . Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset Rangers . Marius Zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for Rangers at the Energy Assets Arena .
The 36-year-old publican told Torquay Magistrates' Court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash. Boase, who has two previous convictions for drink-driving, said: 'My intention is never to drink again.'
With a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools, it's no wonder celebrities flock to the award-winning Pennyhill Park. Celebrities including Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig are regulars at Pennyhill Park .
Van Persie said he was fit to feature in the game against City on Sunday after ankle trouble but Van Gaal has ruled him out. Robin van Persie will not return to the fray for Manchester United  against Manchester City on Sunday .
The reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed. Last year was the Earth's hottest year on record, and another year of mega-storms, droughts, floods, and heat waves.
Spartak Moscow have been fined and their fans barred from two away games after the club lost its appeal against sanctions for a racist banner. Spartak are currently sixth in the Russian Premier League.
The driver, who is named Ashley X after changing his surname by deed poll, was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 in Essex in 2009. The driver tried to convince authorities that his cousin was driving the car at the time of the offence . Judge Martyn Levett sentenced X to nine months imprisonment. Do you know Mr X?
The 26-year-old Holland international midfielder played 72 minutes for the club's Under-21s and set up striker Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at Aston Villa on Monday evening. De Jong has only made one league start this season but hopes to be involved in first-team again soon .
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. The owners summoned  armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday. Co-owner Rick Barclay acted after receiving a stop-work order last month when officials said they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements.
A gay-friendly bar has shocked regular customers by coming out in favour of UKIP because of its policies on the pub industry. The Harewood Arms, a gay-friendly pub in Wakefield, West Yorkshire (pictured), has publicly revealed its support for Nigel Farage's UKIP, which is running a 'Save The Pub' campaign in the run up to the election . It also wants to amend the smoking ban to give pubs the option to decide .
Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material believed to be cesium, a common byproduct of nuclear reactors.
The boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Andy Murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The 27-year-old, who reached the Miami Masters final on Sunday before eventually losing to Novak Djokovic, will also take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman in Spain.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home in Belfast to London in the 1970s. His account provides the first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings that operated in London and Northern Ireland. Mr Kerr, who now lives in Dallas, Texas, made a highly emotional return to London last month to visit the scenes of his alleged abuse for the first time in over three decades.
John posted his advert, which is written in capital letters in black pen, in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill. It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality.
(CNN)The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions. This bolsters the association's previous positions to oppose the use of the term "drug" for chemicals used in lethal injection and to oppose laws that require or prohibit pharmacists from participation in lethal injection cases.
A teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. On September 7, 2014, Samantha Giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in Casula, south-west of Sydney, before she was abandoned. So far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved.
Asa Hutchinson, and likely 14 other states considering similar proposals this year -- is more than enough to drag the entire Republican field farther to the right than the party had hoped. For this war is for the soul of America." Who supports, denounces Indiana law? But as the situation in Indiana has shown, "winning" should not be mistaken for having "won."
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test. Both teams paid their respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play after he died last week . Ian Bell and Joe Root could be seen wearing new headgear out in the middle.
The source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in March in Nineveh, Iraq. He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation, according to The Guardian.
His neighbors wouldn't let him build a film studio. Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex on Lucas Valley Road in 2012. Idyllic: The 224-home community would be built in this idyllic spot of California for low-income families .
UEFA's increase in Champions League money gives Celtic manager Ronny Deila extra reasons to qualify . Deila admits he is eager to secure a fourth consecutive league title for Celtic as soon as possible .
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose, and this is it . The Spaniard travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted . The mask, branded with Fabregas's initial and squad number 'C4', was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan, and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
Mr Young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson. He suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother. There, Mr Justice Edis ruled the driver had unlawfully imprisoned Mr Hicks, who was therefore entitled to damages.
Nothing will stop Russia from hosting the best World Cup in the tournament's history in 2018, FIFA president Sepp Blatter said on a visit to one of the host venues Sochi on Monday. Blatter commended the work of Putin as Russia steps up preparations to host the 2018 World Cup .
Caring cat Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland, where he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help. Rademenes first fell sick as a two-month-old kitten and after recovering he is now nursing other abandoned sick animals back to health . The green-eyed cat was brought into the shelter after getting an inflamed respiratory tract infection .
Albert, who's a Selkirk Rex cat, was also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein, thanks to his wild locks, which are a trademark of his breed. Albert is from Salt Lake City and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1k Instagram followers .
Swansea City  have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Swansea are interested in signing Blackburn's Benin international forward Rudy Gestede (centre) The striker is rated at £7million by Rovers, as Swansea set their sights on signing a proven hitman .
John Carver would walk away from Newcastle  if the club’s hierarchy had not given him reassurances . Fans are threatening to boycott the next home game in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club . And I’m telling you now, if I was sitting here and I thought they were giving me lip service I would say “thanks very much, I’m off - I’m walking away from this”.
Decades of cheap package holidays mean that thousands of retired people every year are paying with their health for sunburn they experienced in their youth. According to Cancer Research UK, men aged 65 and over are around ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents’ generation. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
Andy Lee works out with trainer Adam Booth at the Barclays Centre ahead of his fight against Peter Quillin . Lee is making the first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year . Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional and poses a tough challenge for Lee .
AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key, considering Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar. Chelsea star Oscar is also touted for a move to the Serie A champions in an exclusive interview with Brazilian coach Dunga in Tuttosport, who likened him to Italian legend Roberto Baggio.
A driver was shocked to receive a £50 fine for failing to display his tax disc - despite it not becoming a legal requirement six months ago. Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car, even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard. 'It's diabolical.
Amanda Lamb stars in the new Air Wick fragrance campaign as she poses in lush flower arrangements . The photos were captured by renowned Vogue photographer Willy Camden .
Jade Wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day . The 24-year-old from Yorkshire became the victim of cruel jibes as she ballooned to nearly 18 stone . Yoghurt and fruit . Jade went cold turkey on her energy drink addiction.
A new survey of students reveals a dramatic fall in support for the Green party, down to 15 per cent from 28 per cent in February . Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Green leader Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent, although Ukip's Nigel Farage remains the most unpopular .
It shows the 18-year-old Berry  hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. Berry told visiters on Saturday that he had been jumped by ten people who beat him and 'choked him to sleep' The Department of Corrections is carrying out an investigation into the incident and has the area of the center where the photo was taken under lockdown. His family say they want an assurance from the department that he will be able to pay his debt to society, without being killed.
A naturally red-headed sixth form student has been told to tone down her hair colour or she will be barred from classes for being 'too ginger'. But now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons . Mrs Reay added: 'Emily has natural auburn hair, but her hair has been this colour for so long now it is part of her.
We Are Handsome will  debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney and break all the rules by featuring real-life fitness and social media stars, rather than professional models. The models will include Sjana Earp,  Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim. Bringing sexy back: Australian designers We Are Handsome are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong, fit girls . 'We're also not shunning skinny women,' adds Katinka.
With 20 goals to his name this season, Watford captain Troy Deeney is regarded by many as the best striker outside the Premier League. In fact, Deeney has been lighting up the Championship for the last three seasons, scoring 64 goals in 123 league games at an average of over a goal every other game. Watford are currently just one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth with five games left to play .
The 24-year-old, who can play either at wing or centre, joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017. A former pupil of Methodist College Belfast, his peers included Luke Marshall, Craig Gilroy and Paddy Jackson who also joined Ulster's Academy straight from school.
Jones-Bishop, snapped up from Leeds Rhinos in the close-season, extended his lead as Salford's leading scorer with his seventh of the campaign. Both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the Super League match .
Formed in 2006, the Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients — and claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them. The country's government said internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users .
Troopers say 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, told the Associated Press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market. Despite the recent news, in a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates  will rise 16per cent this year.
The Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister. And in the strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal. In a direct appeal to Tory voters, Mr Farage said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation. Mr Farage revealed he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements .
The fact that his first hundred since the Old Trafford Test against Australia in August 2013 came against a modest attack, at a windswept Oxford, in a game not deemed first-class, is beside the point. I’ve been given a lifeline, and I have an opportunity to get back to doing something I love that was taken away from me prematurely.’ England meet West Indies in Antigua on Monday, and comparisons will be inevitable.
Prosecutor Nafir Afzal said hundreds of British teenagers see ISIS as 'pop idols' like One Direction and Justin Bieber . The prosecutor warned that unless the next government recruited young Muslim role models to help mentor those who are being radicalised, the country could face 'another 7/7' terror attack.
Channel 4 presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy looks bemused as Robert Downey Junior walks out on an interview with him after the journalist asked him about his personal life . NAOMI CAMPBELL . ROBERT PATTINSON . RIHANNA .
The codes are known as IATA location identifiers, and are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). 'Nothing came up, so we decided to make one. Airline Codes explains why Hamad International Airport ended up with the DOH code .
The apes, which are found in the forest of south east Asia, produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours. The researchers found that predator 'hoos' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey. This suggests the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby without alerting the raptors. They recorded 450 hoo sounds and found there were six different types of calls being produced by the gibbons.
End call: Charges of up to 20p a minute being charged by operators for free 0800 numbers will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, Ofcom, today .
The petition, which was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir, so far has almost 5,500 signatures.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern. The Lowes were both  pronounced dead at the scene, WRAL reported.
Steven Gerrard's hopes of a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career were shattered as his side suffered a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup. Gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind Raheem Sterling and to the right of Philippe Coutinho in a 3-4-2-1 formation but midway through the first half, Liverpool adjusted their shape to 4-4-1-1, pushing Coutinho wide left and allowing Gerrard to adopt a more central position behind the striker.
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather, doing so at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta . Todorov, meanwhile, lives in an apartment in the remote town of Pazardzhik in southern Bulgaria and shares a Volkswagen Polo with his wife.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Most responded that the sharks looked like either Blacktips or Spinners, which migrate this time of year to breed.
Others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions. Several photographs were taken from Instagram and shared onto a Tumblr page called ANZAC Day Selfies where it displayed some of the shocking examples.
The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles, major deaths (Tywin!) Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season, according to the trailers.
Scottish international midfielder Adam strikes for goal as Southampton attacker Sadio Mane looks on at the Britannia Stadium . However, after Morgan Schneiderlin prodded Southampton into a deserved lead, a second-half turnaround with goals from Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam damaged the visitors hopes of finishing in the top four — and had the Stoke fans belting out their favourite 60s hit. French duo Nzonzi and Schneiderlin battle for the ball during the Premier League clash between Stoke City and Southampton .
Pacquiao and his team continue their high intensity training ahead of the upcoming mega-fight . It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in Las Vegas for what will be the richest bout in boxing history.
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . Klopp will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 . Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion . Klopp has long been linked with a move to the English top flight and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert. 'I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change. The news about Klopp's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . 15/8 - Man City .
The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. 'This makes it dangerous and ethically unacceptable. Their fears tap into concerns that such technology could be used to create 'designer families' where certain traits are selected for.
Lucy Gransbury dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to her neighbours because she was too scared to knock on their door after they had been quiet for an entire week . She signed off by saying she hoped they got a giggle out of her note instead of being insulted and throwing a hand grenade over her fence. Lucy Gransbury wrote a lengthy and quite hilarious handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours after enduring four months of sleepless nights due to their incessantly wild nocturnal ways . And Go. The Funk. The Funk.
But now the Nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem: How to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid. Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes. According to a U.N. situation report, main roads in Kathmandu are open, but remote areas are largely inaccessible.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job – but it was back in 2013 . The Dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season, with suggestions he could take over at City .
Testimony got under way Tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old Kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012. ‘I gave him his nose job he wanted.’ Gallows humor: Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with Hubers, in which the woman, then 21, said Poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face . Woman scorned: Hubers told police how Ryan Poston allegedly pushed and shoved her, insulted her family and mocked her for being a 'hillbilly from Kentucky.'
The Oscar winner put on white makeup (and a lot of tattoos this time) to portray the Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad."
Ten 1933 Double Eagle coins, which were almost all destroyed when the US went off the gold standard, have been given back to the Langbord family after a length legal dispute with the government . Langbord's father, jeweler Israel Switt, had dealings with the Mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings. The family had taken the coins to the Secret Service in Philadelphia to have them examined, Berke said. While prosecutors argued to jurors in 2011 that Switt must have stolen the coins with help from a Mint insider, Berke said he could have traded his scrap gold for them.
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance . The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July .
Disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury Polynesian resort . Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida . At night, music from the fireworks display, which takes place at the Magic Kingdom, gets piped in to the villa .
But the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull. The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March.
In infrared, region 1 is cooler than rest of surface, but 5 is located in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings. The leading theory now for the alien spots is that the ice is covered by a thin layer of soil that at times forms into huge 'cryovolcanoes' due to internal pressure in the asteroid.
Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery. The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter including the charger and cable.
Lahm (right) also spoke to Hargreaves about his career where he has won many trophies and become captain .
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February, official figures showed – 557,000 higher than a year before. The Conservatives’ economic strategy  won a stunning international endorsement, with the International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne (pictured) David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a ‘jobs miracle’ and Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together.
At present, the Hammers sit first in the Premier League rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed Burnley.
Swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data, covering 800 emoji across 60 categories. Americans use LGBT emoji 30% more than the average, followed by Canada and Malaysia. Russian speakers use three times as many romantic emoji ​such as the kiss mark and love letter, than the average​, and nearly twice as much as any other language.
They call them concentration camps. CNN affiliate KGO reported the items were given to historian Allen Eaton, who opposed internment camps. Miriam Tucker, a partner with the auction house, said it had hoped the items would go to someone who cared about their historical meaning.
Marc Macrae, who was election agent for the SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson, said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. But while the Libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family, Mr Macrae said he was cruelly ditched. At a time of rising support for the SNP in Moray and across Scotland it is unsurprising that he is now backing the Tories.’
Burnley boss Sean Dyche has told striker Danny Ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return. The hotly-rated Ings, whose future beyond the end of the season has been the subject of considerable speculation, has not found the net in seven appearances. 'I often say to him, play with a smile and I've told him he's best when he does.
The Bayern Munich squad flew back to Germany on Thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. 'I am not prepared to criticise the team,' Rummenigge said in post-midnight banquet.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, from Port St. Lucie, Florida, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone and was leaving the house with his three siblings when the teen jumped on the hood . As she stopped the car, the teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot, WPTV reports.
Jose Mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table after Eden Hazard's goal was enough to beat Manchester United, meaning they require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league.
Aston Villa may be able to sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. The Spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. 'He was four minutes behind her,' Blocker told WLTX. Amanda and just crossed the finish line when she simply collapsed. She was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was soon pronounced dead.
Tottenham will resist any offers for left back Danny Rose. Gael Clichy, a Frenchman, is City's regular left back in a squad short of homegrown players .
Former soldier John Young, 66, has been left blinded in one eye after thugs through a brick at him through his front door when he confronted them about throwing stones at his property in Oldham . A newlywed pensioner has been left blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs. The retired HGV driver, who formerly served with the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers during the Irish troubles, said he now 'doesn't feel safe in his own home' following the attack last Friday.
Even if Democrats select someone like a Elizabeth Warren as their candidate or Hillary Clinton decides to move sharply to the left on economic policy, there won't be much room for reform when the time of governance actually starts. The Democratic Party needs Wall Street more than it needs to take a stand against Wall Street.
(CNN)We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board. That's why in our public and more private discourse, people with mental illness and the rest of society must talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into the darkness.
Manchester United players  Wayne Rooney and David de Gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager Louis van Gaal on Monday. Michael Carrick (left) and Ashley Young also visited the sick children and adults on Monday .
Geoff Barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away, saying his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 despite getting 34million plays . Artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies, leading to Jay-Z launching his own Tidal service this month, promising bigger returns for musicians. Pop megastar Taylor Swift and Thom York, frontman of indie rockers Radiohead, have also pulled their music from services such as Spotify in protest.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield. The inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers.
Instead of leading to the famous centrepiece, the multiple surrounding roads meet at a bare, round circle. Designers imaged what London would look like without its most photographed clocktower and Westminster Palace . Christ the Redeemer overlooks all the goings on in Rio, and makes the city instantly recognisable .
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue, which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers, musicians and captains of industry for decades. Heritage: But the Materchef contestant has promised to continue the 'masculine' traditions of five-star Grill .
Publication of Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry, which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million, had already been pushed back until after the election. Yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest. Bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry, like Tony Blair, the chance to rebut its findings.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
In his interview with Tom Friedman from the New York Times on April 4, Obama explained U.S. foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba, which Friedman described as the "Obama doctrine." The truth of the matter is that "the region is (not) working" and that misguided U.S. leadership and policies are among the reasons for the enduring tragedy in this region.
Timothy Fradeneck was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found Monday in their Eastpointe, Michigan home. Confession: Fradeneck allegedly told police that he strangled his wife, 2-year-old daughter Celeste and 8-year-old son Timothy III to death with a USB cord. Pictured above entering court on Wednesday . If convicted on the three counts of first-degree premeditated murder, two counts of first-degree felony murder and first-degree child abuse, Fradeneck could stand to spend the rest of his life in prison.
It's that time of the season when Premier League footballers cast their vote for the PFA Players’ Player of the Year. Name: Harry Kane . Previous honours: Player of the Month (2) Name: David de Gea . Name: Alexis Sanchez . VERDICT: If the bookies are to be believed then the award will be going to last season’s Young Player of the Year, Eden Hazard.
When President Obama met Usain Bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his pose . Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was 'truly a great honor' to meet the U.S. president . Obama  gave a special mention to Bolt and triple-world champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (right) Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops in Jamaica .
The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line. 66-yarder: The goal is already being hailed as one of the best ever on social media and has been compared to other legendary long-range strikes from David Beckham and Xabi Alonso .
President Fernandez de Kirchner last week promised: ‘We will see the islands form part of our territory again. Last week, the Argentine president and ambassador Alicia Castro publicly attacked the UK Government's plan to boost defences on the South Atlantic islands. Mrs Kirchner's government has also suggested that British oil firms could be prosecuted if they start drilling in the waters around the islands without formal permission from Argentina.
Natasha Jonas, the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games, has announced her retirement from the sport. The 30-year-old made history when she became the first female boxer to represent GB in the Olympics .
Scotland winger Sean Maitland is facing a race against time to be fit for the Rugby World Cup after it emerged he has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. Former Canterbury Crusaders player Maitland has won 15 caps for Scotland .
Shoppers have been taking advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and clothes as a result of the supermarket price wars and the falling price of oil. Milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price at the supermarket checkout as the large chains have been forced to reduce their prices to compete with the rise of budget stores Aldi and Lidl. According to the British Retail Consortium-Nielsen price index, goods in shops cost 2.1 per cent lower this March than the same time last year, the Guardian reported.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard was the toast of the English game  as he carried off the PFA Player of the Year award. The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season, helping the Blues win the Capital One Cup and putting them on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010. Hazard has dazzled for Chelsea this season as the Blues look certain to win the first Premier League title of Jose Mourinho's second stint . PFA Young Player of the Year: Harry Kane .
Kelly Osbourne didn't always want to grow up to be like her famous mom - but in a letter published in the new book A Letter to My Mom, the TV personality admitted that she is now proud to be Sharon Osbourne's daughter. For author Lisa Erspamer's third collection of tributes, celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them.
They also found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she had hoped people would be more accepting. But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. Mikki Nicholson, who was a national Scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train, on November 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in Carlisle, Cumbria.
Inter Milan target Yaya Toure has admitted that he is open to 'new challenges' and will not remain at Manchester City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages. The Premier League champions want to reshape their squad this summer after a disappointing season and they could look to offload the 31-year-old, who has struggled to hit top form. 'When I arrived at City, [Manuel] Pellegrini was not the coach.
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer. Holland U21 international Vilhena has one year left on contract but is ready to make the move to the Premier League now.
Christian Benteke has revealed a secret. Eight goals in his last six games, the latest a towering header to take all three points at Tottenham, Benteke is bang in form and relishing the prospect of an FA Cup semi-final. The unnerving thing for Liverpool is that he says he will get better. Benteke was forced to watch Belgium reach the quarter-final of the World Cup after rupturing his achilles . Benteke praised the impact of new manager Sherwood for playing a style that suits the striker's attributes . But that’s life. Wolfsburg have been keeping tabs on him.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!' The image was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security' at the weekend.
A police official, Deputy Inspector General Kantha Rao, declined comment Wednesday, saying an "investigation is still going on." According to Amnesty, India's National Human Rights Commission has said the incident "involved a serious violation of human rights of the individuals," and that "the opening of firing cannot be justified on the ground of self defense since it resulted in the loss of lives of 20 persons."
Mary Cartwright revisited Drakelow Underground Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, where more than 700 people worked during the war (right)  to produce aircraft engines. Now 91, the great grandmother tested metal for aircraft engines . With more than 700 people working at the site at a time it was one of the largest underground factories during the war .
But this one is perhaps as close to a sure bet as you'll find - the secret to winning at Two Up, Australia's iconic game of chance. The essence being, that if you lose, you have to double your bet until your coins fall right. It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs. The coins fly into the air during a game of Two Up, the uniquely Australian tradition, in which punters bet on which way coins land.
Lauren Crawley was given a new platinum implant . Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it . The left side of her face was droopy - until now .
Christian was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta on Thursday . He said that at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her.
"When the parents are praying [downstairs], we are teaching the girls upstairs," explains tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare, who comes here every week to teach local teens how to code. Now the hope is that many of the young students will be able to go to university -- and Achievers Ghana is working on a scholarship program to make the prospect attainable.
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport. Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home. A Town Car sedan (right) met Mrs. Clinton on the tarmac in Newark on Thursday, flanked by police and Secret Service vehicles . Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
Tickets for the pair's face-off on May 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas, went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm - as fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs. Friday's sale came after tickets for the May mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale on Ticketmaster on Thursday night.
Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot. The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. In both 2012 and 2014, Stoll headed to the MGM Grand to celebrate  the end of the hockey season with his Kings teammates.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975 . Ritter said she shouted, 'If I had a gun I'd kill him!' The case was Nashville's most notorious unsolved murder for 33 years.
Accused murderer Gable Tostee, who was involved in an alcohol-fuelled chase with police across state borders, will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges after a judge dismissed his appeal for early release. He will be eligible for parole on August 1. Tragic death: Warriena Wright (pictured) fell to her death from the 14th floor of Gable Tostee's Surfers Paradise apartment in the early hours of August 8 this year, just days before the 26-year-old was due to return home to New Zealand . Ms Wright died at around 2.20am, just hours after meeting Mr Tostee at Cavill Mall in Surfers Paradise via the mobile dating app Tinder. Mr Tostee denies he murdered Ms Wright.
Toni Duggan (left) posted this picture on Instagram of her with Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal . Van Gaal was enjoying a celebratory meal at his favourite restaurant in the city after his Manchester United side beat Manchester City to move four points ahead of them in the Premier League.
The Syrian Journey game, which is available on the BBC website, often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a 'children's game'. The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia .
Former Bury player Worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort  from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by Adam El-Abd. Phil Brown's Southend United move into fourth after a 1-0 win over Bury on Tuesday night .
The rare formation, which appears to be formed of two double rainbows, appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Rare: Commuter Amanda Curtis snapped the quadruple rainbow - made of two pairs next to each other - at the Glen Cove LIRR station outside of New York City .
The teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child's father has been jailed for 25 years. Scroll down for 911 tape . 'He’s going to learn in the next 25 years why I let him live,' he told reporters, according to WFTV. He is going to need one.' No charges were filed against the boy's father.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' Mr Quilty told Radio 2GB. 'That he would stare them down, that no-one would cover his eyes, that he would face it with dignity.' Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on Saturday. Chan has requested fresh air and to attend a church service with his family prior to the end. As for Sukumaran, he has asked for as much time to paint as possible. 'He will face it with strength and dignity.
Facey, who also played for West Bromwich Albion and Hull City, denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at Birmingham Crown Court alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu, who also denies the charges.
This shocking image shows the moment a red Mazda left the road and smashed into the front of a house . Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident. Driver reported.'
'There are some second thoughts on how to interpret version 3' of Google Glass, Vian said, according to NDTV.
Today, ex-Army tank driver Ian Gibson from Hillingdon in Middlesex told an employment tribunal that he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport. Mr Gibson claims that bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating and was overlooked for an office-based job, which was instead offered to a man he said bullied him about being disabled.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man. India cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar is among several stars to have given tributes about Keshri .
Richie Benaud, the cricketing legend loved by millions has been laid to rest far from public view at a small private funeral in Sydney attended by only an immediate circle of family members. Following Richie Benaud's small family funeral, fellow commentators and cricketing greats gathered at the Australian Golf Club for a memorial .
Cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76 . Here he left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him, which took a lot of mental strength and composure. Trott leaves the field at St George's - on St George's Day - after an opening partnership of 125 runs .
Manchester United legend Eric Cantona believes they are 'kings of the city' after beating Manchester City . The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year too under Louis van Gaal . Marouane Fellaini (left) scored United's second goal in their 4-2 win over City on Sunday afternoon .
Fifteen-times grand slam champion Martina Hingis made a courageously impressive return to big-time singles tennis in the Fed Cup on Saturday but was eventually outplayed by Agnieszka Radwanska. The former World No 1 was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska (right) in the Fed Cup .
The family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane broke down in court as they listened to an emergency call revealing the distressing final moments of his life. Family and friends, including Mr Lane's former girlfriend Sarah Harper, heard details about how two bystanders tried to resuscitate the young man who had stopped breathing and wept during the proceedings at the Duncan's District Court on Wednesday. Chancey Luna has been charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting Mr Lane in the back . The trial continues.
The crescent's facade will look near-on identical to its current design, but residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives. The crescent was originally designed by John Nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for the friends and family of the Prince Regent. The proposals are to remove it and build a more historically correct and accurate replacement. Builders at the Park Crescent West site.
Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. The case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen. Cathryn Parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people, mainly Hollywood production staffers . 'You have to be dedicated.'
The total, cited in media reports about the secretive investigation, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported. Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq. An earlier report in the New York Times, identified a particular incident, dating back to Williams's coverage of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property, and are using it as a reason not to pay out. The Association of British Insurers also warned home owners to 'think carefully about what you put on social media'.
Arrested: Waheed Ahmed, the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor, has been held at Birmingham Airport after returning for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria with eight members of his family (pictured in Turkey) Held: The group arrested is understood to include Waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and their children . Greater Manchester Police confirmed a 21-year-old man was arrested at Birmingham Airport early yesterday under the Terrorism Act.
This year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II.
It follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with Ms Le Pen, the current leader, over his extreme views. She was particularly angry that Mr Le Pen, a convicted racist and anti-Semite, called the Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history'. 'The FN doesn't want to be held hostage to his vulgar provocations,' said Ms Le Pen, adding: 'His aim is to harm.'
HBO has warned internet users, who are watching popular TV shows such as Games of Thrones, The Sopranos and Girls, via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21. HBO has warned users, who are watching shows such as Girls that will be cut off on April 21 .
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter and reportedly had $15million, but he is now offering to post tweets for $20 . Bowe .
Set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains, the entirety of the elegant Ballyfin can be hired out for a small €25,000 (£18,000) a night.
Joel Wilkinson, five, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago, meaning his muscles will slowly waste away. His sister Phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible . Joel will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20. The family have now decided to make Joel's short life full of joy .
A councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder. But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play, a massive mountain to climb. Sterling's contract situation demonstrates how important it is for Rodgers' side to qualify .
Arrested: Rebecca Grant tried to head-butt a deputy, scratched the police car's with her teeth, bit the upholstery and' threatened to kill the deputies' A Maine woman who was being hauled off to jail is facing even more charges after allegedly tearing apart a police cruiser with her teeth and attempting to head-butt a sheriff's deputy. Ms Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine .
Real life: Pictured are Norden's adult sons, Paul, left, and JP, right. They each lost their right leg when Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev detonated bombs by the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon . Wahlberg announced his film, which will be called Patriot's Day, in the middle of the highly-publicized trial. After the announcements other Boston residents weighed in.
Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Belgian striker Divock Origi to be a success at Anfield. Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign - and was recently voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football. But Mignolet expects his international team-mate to shine at Liverpool, whom he will join next season.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge (shown). The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
(From left) Gary Cahill, John Terry and Branislav Ivanovic are three of Jose Mourinho's settled back seven . Louis van Gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for Manchester United’s defeat at Everton, saying they lost three duels in a row before James McCarthy’ s fifth minute goal.
What makes the Piutau deal so eye-catching is that it is a bold endorsement of Ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider Celtic game, below Test level. The Australian was infuriated by the softly-softly stance of Ireland coach Joe Schmidt, whose final say on release of Test players meant he was forced to rest a raft of leading lights for the Pro 12 clash with leaders Glasgow. Nathan Hughes was clumsy rather than reckless and didn't deserve a three-game ban .
Mr Peckitt was working as an honorary locum at Ipswich Hospital in Suffolk at the time of the alleged incident in February 2012. A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register .
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie’s South Kensington. Filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners’ travels, the Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust. A model of a British Airways Concorde (valued at £6,000 to £9,000) is one of more than 250 items that will go under the hammer .
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment, which costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin, is currently available in New York.
She is best known for her World War II saga, The Cazalet Chronicles, but  novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind. The novelist, who died in 2014 aged 90, amassed a spectacular collection of Greek, Egyptian and Roman jewellery during her lifetime, among them pieces up to 3,500 years old. Beautiful: This pair of earrings are 2,400 years old and are part of a collection thought to be worth £20,000 .
Teenage sensation Lydia Ko acknowledges the crowd after finishing the first round at the ANA Inspiration . The 17-year-old equalled former world No 1 Annika Sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row . Michelle Wie, second last year, had a double bogey on No. 18 in a 73.
The 20-year-old, who has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan since he signed for Chelsea in January 2013, was with Vitesse’s squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club. Wallace, a Brazilian Under-20 international, made his debut for Jose Mourinho’s side during their summer tour of Asia in 2013 before his season on loan at Inter.
Amazing images of a typhoon heading for the Philippines have been snapped from orbit by two astronauts. Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. As it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h).
Pritesh, 36 and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition. Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi finally welcomed a baby boy, Krish, after losing six babies, after Pritesh's sister Hiral acted as a surrogate.
There has been a lot of hype surrounding the April lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this Easter weekend. But in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow, the Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. And according to the Bureau of Meteorology, it won't be getting any better. A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth.
Green Party activists have been told to dress in 'mainstream' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters. A manual for the party's supporters urges them to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' – and even encourages them to compliment people's homes. The advice, which has been distributed among Green campaigners in London, also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army, legalise drugs and pay everybody £72 a week no matter how rich they are.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised Raheem Sterling’s advisor, suggesting that the player is being manipulated by outside forces and that he would be inclined to stay at Liverpool if left to make a decision alone.
Sceptics: The panel will look at whether 'adjustments' made to temperature records around the world have made climate change appear worse - or whether they actually manage to cancel each other out . The panel has been drawn from leading universities around the world, and includes scientists with widely differing views on climate change.
South Africa players celebrate a goal during the 2010 World Cup, but their warm-up games are under suspicion .
The fictional Valyrian steel was renowned in the kingdoms as being incredibly sharp, light, strong, super heat resistant and dark in colour with a very distinct ripple patterns. In the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society, materials scientist Ryan Consell (pictured) studied which materials could create a similar sword. As an alternative, Mr Consell suggests Valyrian steel isn’t steel at all. Instead, the 'best possible match' might be a metal matrix composite.
Reunited: Prince William, pictured with his wife last month, has finished his air ambulance pilot training early so he is guaranteed to be with the Duchess of Cambridge when she goes into labour . Prince Harry, pictured in Australia, also announced today that he will be back in the UK to watch the London Marathon on Sunday, meaning he may also get to meet his future niece or nephew . With his second child due on Saturday William will now be off work until June 1, although it will be unpaid, Palace sources say.
She loved the song so much, she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics 'scream your heart out'. But the aspiring model from New Milton, Hampshire, lived to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser. Ellia said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes - and hated the fact she was associated with him thanks to her tattoo.
In a highly-unusual move, the Lib Dem leader urged his rivals to help stop Mr Salmond from 'strutting his stuff' in Westminster. Mr Clegg said it was 'possible' that the Lib Dems could come out of the election with more seats than Labour in Scotland .
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential Earl Street in Northampton at around 2pm, just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian. Blocked: Police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole, which is about eight foot wide . It is like something you would see in a disaster movie.'
The tractor-trailer slammed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames, said Sgt. The Georgia State Patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged. Georgia authorities say it could take months before they decide whether to file criminal charges in the crash. WSB-TV reported that Johnson was employed by Total Transportation, a large trucking company based in Mississippi boasting 900 drivers and nearly 750 vehicles.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla, pretending to be on the telephone as he wields an assault rifle.
‘We don’t really select the animals. Taxidermy: ‘It’s one of those things that people either like or they don’t’ Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore. Sean Crawford said his interest in taxidermy started at a very young age as he watched his family hunt on their farm .
The South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition . 'If I were to win it tomorrow, it would be the biggest dream ever to come true for me,' Kim told the LPGA Tour website. World No 1 Lydia Ko toiled again, shooting her second consecutive over-par score, carding 74 .
The Post Office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters, a report revealed yesterday. Many were sacked, stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches – despite claims that a faulty IT system was to blame.
One of the brightest stars, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow, has become a celebrity on Instagram, where she is trying to change people’s perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of Somalia that most people have never seen. After settling in Toronto, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum .
Harvey Weinstein (above) was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday . Georgina Chapman (above)  has been busy working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her brand Marchesa . Ambra Battilana (above) claims the movie executive groped her during a business meeting . No charges have been filed against Weinstein (above with Chapman at the 2015 Oscars) at this time and he has cooperated with authorities .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace .
The event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. Footage of the hunt, which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply, shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy.
The cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. The Gnome has been valued at £1,700 and was singed by all four members of the band after the shoot .
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates since leaving Arsenal in 2011 . The midfielder's relationship with mentor Wenger became strained after he left Arsenal in 2011 . ‘Wenger is a special person to me.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday night in what AQAP's media wing, Al-Malahem Media, called a "crusader airstrike." Al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at its detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Jerry Brown on Wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms, ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25%.
Marylin Stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at Cedar House, Rothley. But the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit. The 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds. 'She tried to take her own life.'
A father from Milton Keynes claims he has developed an allergy to Nigel Farage that leaves him sweating and shaking whenever he sees the Ukip leader on TV. The symptoms are similar. Mr Howarth, 35, says he has to change the channel when Mr Farage appears or he becomes physically sick . 'He gets anxious and irritable and his hands shake. When he does turn over his symptoms continue for a while.'
Ryan Mason probably didn't expect his tattoo to take centre stage during his senior England debut, but that's exactly what happened on Tuesday night.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. Gittoes told AAP he doesn't consider himself in the same league as previous winners, which include Archbishop Desmond Tutu and academic Noam Chomsky but said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award. He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney.
Don McLean is selling the original manuscript and lyrics  to pop anthem American Pie, including a 'lost verse', which included a line about the music being 'reborn'.
Juventus ensured their treble dreams remained alive as they overcame a first-leg defeat thanks to goals by Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci. The feat was made even more impressive as the Old Lady were without key trio Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo. Sent off: Morata . Vidal looks delighted as Juventus set up a Coppa Italia final against either Napoli or Lazio .
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton. The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
A dejected Manuel Pellegrini following Manchester City's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday night . JOSE MOURINHO (CHELSEA) Won Premier League in 2006; sacked 2007 . Carlo Ancelotti celebrates with the Premier League trophy after Chelsea secured the title in 2010 . Mancini waves goodbye after being sacked by Manchester City 12 months after the title win . Sir Alex Ferguson led Manchester United to their 13th Premier League title in 2013 before retiring .
The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs . 'I think the one size fits all concept just simply doesn’t cater to customers’ individual needs at all times anymore,' she explained.
Here, Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career. Richie Benaud, one of cricket's great personalities, has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . BALL OF THE CENTURY . BENAUD ON BOTHAM .
Felipe Massa believes he has finally silenced his critics following his storming start to the new Formula One season. The Williams driver says he is performing as good as he was in 2008, a season he challenged for the title . Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings .
Expectant mom AmberMarie Irving-Elkins felt a few contractions on Thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. She was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time. So he bent down and caught the baby as he was born.
The Ukip leader, who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes, said that it was a ‘reasonable proposition’ to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking. He also revealed he is finding the election campaign ‘knackering’, as polls suggest support for Ukip is on the slide. But he rejected the idea of issuing fines for people who miss GP appointments.
But he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. "The revolution will be ignited, popular anger will increase and we promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises."
A Secret Service spokesperson confirms that  Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show.
The seven-car Maglev - short for 'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) during a test run near Mount Fuji. Maglev trains (pictured) hover four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets. Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join Tokyo and Nagoya - a distance of 177 miles (286km).
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open on Wednesday. Another former world champion, Shaun Murphy, was made to work hard for his place in the third round, coming from 3-2 down to see off Anthony McGill 5-4.
Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company's Takahama nuclear plant. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant.
A senior Ukip source said: ‘It is not looking easy for Mark, but we are hopeful the figures are misleading.’ However, another source added: ‘We aren’t that bothered because Reckless isn’t particularly popular.’ Some analysts think Ukip could be left with just one MP – Douglas Carswell, who won Clacton in a byelection with a 12,000 majority.
Bolt visited a small gym in Brazil on Thursday and spoke of his plans for the Rio Olympics . There are more than 1,000 favelas in Rio.
But goals from Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from Fulham's Patrick Roberts wasn't enough to rescue Sean O'Driscoll's team.
In a famous example of the British stiff upper lip, after realising he was gravely wounded Uxbridge turned to the British military commander and said 'by God, sir, I've lost my leg', to which Wellington replied 'by God, sir, so you have!' The cover coat of arms is Lord Uxbridge's, otherwise known as Field Marshal Henry William Paget. It was sold by Bonhams to a private collector for £100,900.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks, it’s been reported. Breaking point: The ships’ ability to manoeuvre is extremely limited because the ice is able to penetrate their hulls .
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30C. The popular driver has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires, saying he will find other ways to make people smile.
Jack Grealish wants to replace the Wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final . ‘I went twice to Wembley as a fan, the Man U game and Chelsea game five years ago,’ said Grealish.
Teachers can judge the behaviour of black students more harshly than while pupils, new research has suggested. The researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools compared to other pupils. In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students .
The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital after the horrifying moment which was witnessed by about a dozen other surfers who were in the water at the time and believed the six-metre creature swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw. Chris Blowes (pictured left) is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia . Mr Blowes' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received during this traumatic time. Mr Blowes is in a critical condition after the shark attack in Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia .
But unlikely as it may seem, Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, aren't the only pair to have found their real-life doppelgängers, either by mistake or after a social media hunt. Now three similar British cases have been revealed; a London-based journalist who found hers in Birmingham, two male university students, also in London, and two retired men in Essex.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick. 'Just delighted to go home with the family now,' Patrick said. The brothers, who have been accompanied by their father OIiver throughout their stay in Australia, wish to return home to Ireland together as soon as possible.
Hardline: Tony Abbott, whose conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach Australia, said harsh measures are the only way to stop deaths . However the government says it has greatly reduced the number of illegal immigrants arriving on Australian shores. Sunday morning: Italian coastguard responds to migrant ship after it capsizes off the coast of Libya with 700 passengers unaccounted for .
New information from Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity, published in the journal Nature, shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. The explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water. The finding, however, could make it easier for humans to live on Mars in the future.
But new research released by the Anne Frank House shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought. Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross, the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, along with testimonies of survivors.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable . Spain's Carla Suarez Navarro is unlikely to provide much resistance against Williams in Saturday's final .
Like a new rock band storming the music charts, ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, law enforcement officials said.
Aaron Lennon (right) has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton from Tottenham . Martinez said discussions about Lennon's future will come at the end of the Premier League season .
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30 - who has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter - was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say. They claim Fredricksen was the thief and that he drove the car to an empty school bus, which had its keys inside. He discovered where the real firefighters were working by listening to a police scanner.
‘Second half was a huge improvement to a bit better than awful. Matt Derbyshire (centre) pokes home the opener after four minutes to put Steve Evans' side in the lead . But Fulham fell asleep from Ben Pringle’s corner to present Derbyshire with a third opportunity and he wasn’t to miss, stabbing in from close range to signal the Craven Cottage dissenters to find their voice.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts . Labour's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class Britons by increasing the minimum wage to £8 per hour, promoting the Living Wage, and banning zero-hours contracts.
She keeps seven hens at her family home in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, but she is not sure which laid the tiny egg. Shannon spotted it among the ordinary-sized eggs in her hen coop. Fearful of it being crushed, she immediately took it into the house to be measured.
'Mr Barber was not present at his son's funeral or cremation despite every effort to do so.' Cathleen Hackney is alleged to have told Harry Dawson Funeral Directors in Normacot, pictured, that there were no objections to the cremation .
However, bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise. She was given a total of three years in prison, with two years suspended.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him  apparently spitting on 56-year-old Josphat Mkhwananzi while racially abusing him on a Brisbane train went viral. Russell-Boumzar is back in Brisbane Magistrates Court on May 4 for charges relating to the train incident.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images (Loch Ness and Urquhart Castle pictured). The site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934 - and it lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of Inverness . And Google said there are more searches for Loch Ness than there are for other UK institutions like Buckingham Palace and the Peak District.
Peter Kelly was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River after an argument with three teenagers . Kelly and his wife Christie, pictured, have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine. Acre-Kendall is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . Kelly and Ross Lechman were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River when the argument began .
In yesterday's incident, an Airbus A319 was carrying 145 passengers and five crew members from Hanover, Germany to Rome when it diverted to Venice. Germanwings told MailOnline Travel that the flight attendant was unable to reboard, so a replacement aircraft with an additional crew member had to be flown to Venice to pick up the passengers.
(CNN)Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions.
The distinct tracks found at Ileret in Kenya (like the one above) are the oldest human footprints in the world . Dr Neil Roach, a palaeoanthropologist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York who led the study, said the prints appeared to have been made by adult males. This deep print appears to have been left by a male Homo erectus that may have been part of a hunting party .
Ethel Rider, who has severe dementia, fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe, when she was being turned to prevent bed sores . ‘She was left on the floor for 40 minutes,’ said Jonathan Turner, prosecuting. Care workers Lauren Gillies, 25 (left) and Susan Logan, 59, (right) have been jailed for six months each .
(CNN)A federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst, a convicted felon, with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge, according to the indictment.
Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence. That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes. His wife, Teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges. He will begin his sentence when hers is over.
A 19-year-old has been arrested after taunting police on Facebook while on the run. Joking about the ‘nightmare’ title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences, he wrote on Sunday: ‘Me I’m ur worst “NIGHTMARE”.’ Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest .
Cristiano Ronaldo was back to his brilliant, unplayable best as he scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday, among them an eight-minute hat-trick. Against Granada, Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches. But, compared with some, they have got off quite lightly. SEVILLA - 18 Goals in 12 matches . ATLETICO MADRID - 15 Goals in 20 matches . GETAFE - 15 Goals in nine matches . CELTA VIGO - 12 goals in six matches .
Pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm. Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport. Police were first called to Birmingham after passengers started 'kicking off', according to one witness. Above, passengers in Manchester airport who were delayed .
Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in over 72 hours this morning after going to ground over the Easter weekend . Mr Cameron meanwhile was on a whirlwind tour visiting all four nations of the UK in a day.
Judy Murray dazzled at her son Andy's wedding, wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach. Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening. The V-Sit up.
Just look at what happened to Sue Perkins this week, who received a barrage of abuse on Twitter when her name was mentioned for the role, along the lines of: ‘Men do cars, women do cake.’ But I think I’m perfect for the job, and my principal qualification is entirely basic. Why? Because women love cars just as much men! Sarah .
A man has narrowly avoided jail time for impersonating a police officer to 'deviously' track down his wife and child at a women’s refuge. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions (stock pic) When Costa received this information he confronted his wife at the shelter, resulting in an argument.
According to federal officials involved in the probe, the hackers wormed their way into the White House system by breaching first the State Department's network. To accomplish this task, the cyber-bandits allegedly working for the Kremlin commandeered a State Department email account and sent a phishing email to someone at the White House designed to trick the recipient into downloading malicious software. Silver lining: White House deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said last year's cyber intrusions that did not affect classified information .
Forty sackings were recorded by the League Managers’ Association before the end of March, which was an all-time high, and the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07. Micky Adams left his role with Tranmere, who are bottom of the Football League, on Sunday . A Wenger (Arsenal)                            18/7 .
Martin Guptill has been recalled to the New Zealand Test squad for their upcoming two-match series against England next month. Guptill, who smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
The altercation took an unusual turn when Mr Weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene, armed with two rubber sex toys. 'Out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand,' Mr Weller said. 'She was swinging them about in the air threatening people who were standing around.
The once-capped Spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli where injury has seen him make just five appearances for Rafa Bentitez's Serie A giants. 'I'm sure we will make contact with Michu before the end of season,' Monk said.
Rewritten: Republican Sen. Jason Smalley (pictured) rewrote the bill to give drivers the option to discriminate .
Chelsea face United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Barclays Premier League and both Sportsmail columnist Carragher and his fellow Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville believe Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Fellaini. Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Fellaini .
O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens and clearly found time to unwind away from his commitments.
Thiago Silva holds the French League Cup aloft after PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the Stade de France on Saturday . Sweden international Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half . Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for the foul that led to the penalty . Ibrahimovic doubled the French champions' lead before half-time to put them firmly in control .
Slither: Atherton - whose sister has an extreme phobia of snakes - scooped up the reptile and placed it inside a plastic food recycling box (pictured) RSPCA inspector Melissa Furey said it is common to see an influx of snakes coming out in April as the weather gets warmer.
But while female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad, lonely and socially isolated, a new study has shown that of these women, the majority have university degrees, reputable careers and healthy social lives. This means that the women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts. However, many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice. 39-year-old Julie Sweet feels that she is often stigmatised by friends and family.
Father-of-one Szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger. Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex and was in constant pain . My friend injected in my penis Vaseline. Cosmetic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh, left, said injecting Vaseline, right, into the body is a very bad idea . After hours of surgery, the operation was a success.
Giant glaciers of ice may be lurking all over Mars, hidden from view by dust on the surface. In total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could ‘cover the entire surface of Mars with 1.1 metres of ice,’ explained Dr Nanna Bjørnholt Karlsson at the Centre for Ice and Climate at the Niels Bohr Institute.
Kevin Pietersen in action for Surrey on day two of the three-day match against Oxford MCCU . Alec Stewart (right) believes that Pietersen could make it difficult for the England selectors . Pietersen made 170 runs off 149 balls during his stint with the bat in Oxford on Sunday .
The decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick Taylor told The News-Star. Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland said Taylor's decision was discriminatory and he disagreed with it. Love is a top-performing student at Carroll High School. She will represent the school at an annual scholars' banquet and has a full scholarship to Jackson State University once she graduates .
Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old 'chair of death' now in Philadelphia . Bruno Amadio’s portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a Yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed at the scene of numerous house fires, leading to rumours that it was cursed. Newspapers organised bonfire burnings of copies of the painting to rid the country of the curse.
Instead the Arsenal forward, who has scored 18 goals this season, claimed he gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance. Arsenal remain 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race but Giroud insists the Gunners will never change their approach.
City players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from League One . His uncompromising defensive style has been combined with a knack of scoring from set-pieces, leading to 11 goals this season. The 25-year-old defender celebrates as the Robins earned promotion to the Championship in style . Flint holds the JPT with pride as he celebrates the 2-0 victory against Walsall last month . ‘But everyone has chipped in, it has been a collective effort.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country, lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. One of the biggest: an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras.
Richard Curry, from Loveclough in Lancashire, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils. He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic. The 71-yer-old had a procedure to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity in order to hold his prosthetic in place .
Winner, winner, steak dinner: Molly Schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steack Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday . What's more - Schuyler says she plans to come back next year and break her record, upping the ante to four steaks instead of three.
Despite their best efforts, a 10-man Arsenal Under-21s side fell to a 3-2 defeat by Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday night. Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down Boro's Harry Chapman in the box, having failed to clear George Dobson's back pass.
A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field -- only to survive. "She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life."
Four-year-old James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk. East Midlands Airport apologised for the inconvenience but pointed out they had offered to post the toy back to the family's home in Doncaster, South Yorkshire.
The Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the two-hour live TV showdown. But he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against Britain's six other political party leaders. A Ukip aide had previously admitted Mr Farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate. Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight's ITV showdown.
Last month, Nathan Dailo, a father from Sydney, posted a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper. The clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1.7 million views, with one mom commenting on Wednesday that the trick worked for her baby five times already.
A study by Kärcher has revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes . One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before. There are patches of mould .
Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola's side celebrated a famous win. Thomas Muller - 27 . Mario Gomez - 26 . Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League during Bayern's 6-1 win at the Allianz Arena .
The typed dispatch – owned by a US collector – was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945, telling officers to abandon fighting or face the Allies' wrath. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day. The typed order sent by German president Karl Doenitz is expected to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer .
Trevor Brooks, an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary, was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk. A Home Office letter says that Brooks, also known as Abu Izzadeen, is an extremist linked to members of the banned group Al Muhajiroun.
Henderson has urged Liverpool team-mate Raheem Sterling to follow his lead by signing a new deal .
Extraordinary deal: Joseph O'Riordan stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda (left) with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times - yesterday Brighton Crown Court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs . She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso, chest, arms and back. He told how O’Riordan had confided five days before the attack that he believed she was having an affair.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. It would cost an estimated $8,000 to $10,000 for Poulin to recast the statue, according to the Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost. Artist Dave Poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work .
Mr Dearman, who has appeared in films including the Hitman and on the stage, told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire TV show: 'They'd said we were killing babies, I was shipping them in, we would cut the babies' throats and drain their blood and then would drink the blood. It's just horrific upon horrific detail.
Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18.
Karl Lagerfeld and Choupette . The lady in question is Choupette, the moody French sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who, last year, clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment Cara Delevingne. She is kind of Greta Garbo.
Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a feisty contest and had to withstand several brutal challenges from the South American rivals. Before the international break Luis Enrique's Barcelona had won their El Clasico contest to move four points clear at the top of La Liga.
Valencia turned up the heat on Atletico Madrid in the fight for third place in La Liga when a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante on Monday lifted the Singapore-owned club to within a point of the champions with seven games left.
Aston Villa are chasing Cordoba striker Florin Andone. Villa are also rivalling West Bromwich Albion for Wolves winger Bakary Sako. Tottenham midfielder Tom Carroll who has been on loan at Swansea up until his ankle injury is another potential target for manager Tim Sherwood.
As I mentioned in the first installment of this series, I'm a lifelong Catholic who finally plans to read the Bible from cover to cover. Seth? What?
A New Jersey woman convicted of killing her husband and hiding his remains in storage containers wept in court Wednesday as a judge sentenced her to 55 years in prison after comparing the grisly murder to Al Capone’s St Valentine’s Day massacre. Loretta Burroughs said in addressing the court that the killing wasn't planned. But friends had said she didn't want to move to Florida, which was her husband's idea, and that was her motive for killing him.
Jose Mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on Arsenal, branding their 11 year wait for the Premier League title as 'boring'. Chelsea players prepare to attend the PFA awards ceremony after their goalless draw with Arsenal . Mourinho heaped special praise on to his captain John Terry (left) for his 'fantastic' performance on Sunday . That's very boring,' said the Portuguese. Mourinho believes that Terry's performance against Arsenal was the best of the defender's career .
A prominence rising from the sun photographed by Dave Tyler who built his own observatory in his garden . The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system .
Bayern Munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals . Pep Guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death at Bayern .
As darkness fell on the beach in Hokota, around 60 miles northeast of Tokyo, coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached. Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach but believe they might have got lost .
The latest casualty are boxes of Cadbury's Fingers which, it was announced yesterday, will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller. F ood industry commentator Martin Isark believes the shrinking ploy is becoming more widespread.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the Grand National at Aintree this week . McCoy celebrates winning the Grand National on Don't Push It back in 2010 .
However, upon closer inspection, it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery, and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him. Scroll down for video . It is claimed that president Robert Mugabe (centre) wants his 24-year-old daughter Bona (left) to succeed him .
The family's plight has attracted the attention of local media in Binzhou City, who have cruelly compared Mengyu's webbed hands and feet to ‘pigs’ trotters’. He has not been heard from since. Her father left home shortly afterwards and the family are now in poverty.
(CNN)Ursula Ward kept repeating her son's name -- Odin. Odin Lloyd's sister Olivia Thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother. His murder, she said, "feels like a bad dream."
The huge increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen their prices soar. Demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years, with leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds. Celebrities such as Kate Middleton, who proudly wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring, have driven the craze.
Engineers developed the  Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada later this year. It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres) to beat the record.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where President Barack Obama and the first family had gone. 'Obama abruptly left the White House about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip. President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama (not seen) and their daughters Malia (3rd L) and Sasha (C) return from a hike at Great Falls National Park in Virginia as rains began to fall Sunday evening .
A nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child. The legal age of criminal responsibility in England and Wales is ten.
The campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses an article in today’s Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help ‘lead the UK’. The SNP leader reveals that her party’s manifesto, to be published tomorrow, will include pledges in policy areas which don’t even directly affect Scotland.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she believed she was in labour. Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lbs (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour from the woman's uterus, and she was transferred to intensive care .
Tate Ricks (pictured above), nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . The man was able to make it to shore, deputies said. Wells told Times-Union that the incident is being investigated as a boating accident and that no foul play is suspected.
The midfielder hadn't played for the Bayern since March in 2014, when he suffered a serious knee injury against Hoffenheim, but came on for Philipp Lahm in the 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday .
The World Cup-winning star, who spent a year at Vicente Calderon last season, joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the Spanish capital. David Villa cheers on former club Atletico Madrid during the Champions League  clash with Real Madrid .
I have done a bit for Sky and I really enjoyed it but first and foremost I am a coach and manager. Curle (right) is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league .
The SS City of Cairo was sunk en route from Bombay to India, via Cape Town and Recife in Brazil . The rupees, belonging to the UK Treasury, were being transported from India to England when the ship sunk . Underwater company Deep Ocean Search, which included 20 French oceanographers, was contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - 4,500ft deeper than the Titanic .
Sportsmail's columnist insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu would not impress the three Barclays Premier League giants. Carragher does not feel Simeone plays football which would attract Arsenal, Manchester United or  City . Simeone, on the other hand, was proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg as they lost 1-0 against rivals Real.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of the Bethesda resident. During an interview with police, the 26-year-old sensei admitted to trading and receiving child porn. Two days after Soumbadze was questioned by police, he fled the country, possibly returning to his native Georgia.
(CNN)Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York. Heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase: . The herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm, and later swam across the Hudson River, according to Mesick, still surprised.
(CNN)The public outrage over the "religious freedom" bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard, judging by their confused and contradictory responses. America has crossed a threshold where it is no longer a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity, whether that pertains to race, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation. And more than half of Americans live in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
The £135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the Somerset Levels ahead of dredging . More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest January since records began in 1766. Residents  abandoned their homes after  rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .
A new device, called the Flow VR, provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. The system, designed by In-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
On Tuesday, a U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Alexandra Allen,  from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria, which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. Then she was admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints, and unable to breathe after a trip to Flaming Gorge which has water activities.
The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga.
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is 'mortified' by the allegation. Bachar Houli (pictured) became the first Muslim man to play at top level AFL in 2006 . Houli is a multicultural ambassador for the AFL .
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December, flying from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria. I don’t think she will ever be allowed to return to our home.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for McDonald's for five years. Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. According to one study cited in Business Insider, half of the nation's fast food workers require some kind of government assistance, costing taxpayers $7billion a year.
Jimmy Anderson is unique. Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests . The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua . England must be careful with him now they are in a run of 17 Tests in nine months.
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media. Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
Around 300 City fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches to take them to Selhurst Park . Many grounds will not reach full capacity over Easter as rail closures disrupt travel plans .
They announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in March 2014. They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
After closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution, the jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon. If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. The former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister. His defense argued that he witnessed the killing of a friend but did not commit it himself . His lawyers argued the prosecution has not proven he pulled the trigger .
Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas will start against QPR despite being one booking away from a two-game ban . Nemanja Matic would miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if he is shown a yellow card . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby at Loftus Road .
Now Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ‘inner voice’. The consultants drafted in by the Labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’ using ‘neuroscience’ and ‘business psychology’. After the seven-way televised leaders’ debate on ITV, it emerged that Mr Miliband had been reading from motivational notes – including one reminding him to be a ‘happy warrior’.
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, of West Rainton, County Durham, led a 'family business' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands  of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the North and sell them online through Facebook. The court heard none of the women have any assets that can be seized or sold so they were ordered to pay back just £1 each.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua on Monday . Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009 . 'It was nice to come back and put things right.'
The most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world, while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model. US prices don't include sales tax.'
Fourteen minutes after Alaska Airlines flight 448 took off on Monday, the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft. The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen. The worker, an employee of Menzies Aviation, walked off the plane and appeared well, but was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's performance in the Champions League shows you don't need to buy big . The days of the French club signing big names like James Rodriguez (left) and Radamel Falcao are over .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon. Pictured at her hen's party, the teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward, adding that Ms Scott could be travelling in a red Mazda 3 sedan with registration BZ-19-CD .
When Canadian expat Lisa Webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France, she feared her daughter would starve during the day. At three years old, she enjoyed a healthy continental diet but refused to eat vegetables. At home I stopped offering her broccoli because I didn't like wasting food.
Pupils applying to Cambridge University may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years. The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
The Greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in European competition. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend Greece.
Central role: Former Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer was in charge of Operation Elveden . Most controversially, he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law – misconduct in public office – to go after journalists for what amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public.
The MGM Grand is getting ready to host Floyd Mayweather's showdown with Manny Pacquiao . The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night . The MGM Grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's fight . 280ft - height of the four 30-storey towers . 7,000 - Rooms and suites . 9,000 - employees work at the hotel . 16,000 - Garden Arena capacity . Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao? Fights this big bring special risks.
These adorable abandoned badger cubs have been nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover on a diet of custard creams. The first of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at centre .
Clive Howard, 57, (left)  dubbed 'every woman's living nightmare', was today jailed for life and one of his victim's, Jessica Howard, 23, (right) who has bravely waived her right to anonymity . Norwich Crown Court heard that Miss Howard was picked up by the rapist after a night out in Norwich last May. He drove her to an isolated car park and raped her. Miss Howard was able to describe his Volvo (pictured) to police, who traced him to an address in Suffolk .
Ukip’s Suzanne Evans today said she will step in as party leader if Nigel Farage quits because of ill health. But she played down his medical problems . In pain: Ukip leader Nigel Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication . She wrote the party's general election manifesto.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull, but fell and hit his head. The 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a  bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall.
Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV. Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast. TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in Downton, and Lily James, who plays Lady Rose in the show and who stars in the new Disney cinema hit Cinderella, would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary.
Eight-year-old schoolboy Christopher Furniss-Roe, who hanged himself in a 'tragic accident' An eight-year-old schoolboy hanged himself in a 'tragic accident'  after being sent to bed early for breaking his younger sister's beach bucket, an inquest heard. His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. The coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death.
The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. Angelo West was fatally shot by Moynihan's colleagues during the shoot-out. Moynihan was released from the hospital yesterday after weeks of recovering from the gunshot wound. His condition was described as 'serious but improving' in a statement released by the Boston Police Department.
Sam Reese, a male model who recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates show, has received death threats over his behaviour on the program.
Manager Arsene Wenger is convinced something is finally happening at Arsenal again - and everyone can 'smell' it. Right back Hector Bellerin gave Arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling into the corner to get things going at the Emirates Stadium . Wenger, though, will not get complacent.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City but have a game in hand on their rivals . Reds boss Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways in the Premier League .
Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke in the game at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability of Remy .
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge, 42, who disappeared from her Charlestown home on June 27, 2013. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years, according to Valley News.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs. The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the Nazi death camps. About 189,000 survivors live in Israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially, despite government assistance.
Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney, including a young man who spent the night behind bars after he was found with almost 450 MDMA pills. More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10pm on Saturday night until 6am the next morning. He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
The Munich boss instead admitted his concern at the scoring touch which appears to have deserted his side in recent games, with the German champions only finding the net once in their last three matches. Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola is concerned about his team without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery .
The podium girl is the centre of a 'sexism storm' after Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she wasn't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job.
But now the Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a 'lot more vegetables', despite confessing that 'he hates them all'. 'I've tried to bribe my chef but not only is he not bribeable, he chases me around the house and makes sure I eat what he's cooked. He also consumed 1,000 McNuggets as he set three world records at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, earning three gold medals.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings. The US artist works from photos and builds up delicate layers of oil paint on a board or canvas. Kramer has admitted that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours (one to six weeks) to complete.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. The boy's body was found about three feet from the pond's shore. The quarry was adjacent to his family's home and had been abandoned for years . Police do not believe the death was suspicious.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday and tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index after another thrilling installment of Premier League action. Charlie Austin (right) celebrates with team-mates during QPR's 4-1 win against West Brom at The Hawthorns .
And Parlour believes that the 23-year-old’s fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential. Wilshere, the England international, is pictured in training for Arsenal earlier this month . Look at Abou Diaby. Ray Parlour, who won three championships with Arsenal, has backed Wilshere to be the future of the club . Frenchman Diaby's promising career has been hit by a host of injuries . ‘If he can keep the club up and lead them next season in the Premier League, and if he can win the FA Cup as well, it’s a great season.
The man decided to perform a procedure to remove the blood clot himself, rubbing snow on his leg as an anaesthetic . He cuts a deep incision in his own leg using a scalpel, which he sterilised by heating it with a gas lamp . Using his own hands he scoops out blood which has coagulated and formed a clot, before sewing the wound up with surgical string . Incredibly, ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely, leaving barely any scar .
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan, police said.
Two fugitives from the London area who featured on the UK’s most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking have been captured in Europe with 24 hours of each other. Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, while Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of Alicante on the Spanish coast.
The oil painting - which measures nine inches by seven - of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
Sensing he may have gone too far with the threat to to wrestle his opponent to the ground, Mr Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate. The two-hour live debate will be be screened from 8pm to 10pm.
Retirement beckons for McCoy, champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997, and he will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday. AP McCoy celebrates Grand National victory on Don’t Push It in 2010 .
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at John F Kennedy International Airport. Owner Jennifer Stewart said she spent weeks researching the best way to transport Felix to the US . Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists' to find the cat .
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11, 2011.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida . Immediately after they made the decision, Annabelle's parents contacted Angel Gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon. Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents and siblings, Charlotte and Sophie, were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived .
An Oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme  from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. It took five takes to film the clip, the couple told KPTV.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday, a fact keenly plain the poem, which was addressed to 'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you.' Friends and family of Ms Scott flooded the post with comments of condolences and sympathy, expressing their grief and sharing their own memories of the 26-year-old.
(CNN)The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago this week captured global attention and inspired the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls, but the horrors for Nigeria's children are widespread. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF said.
The action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world, and  demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods. It's a tiny kitchen!
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club having struggled to return from a persistent knee injury, but now reports claim he could be set for a return to playing with New York City or Al-Sadd after returning to training. Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar .
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19 and turn up the heat on owner Mike Ashley. Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players with Newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game at St James' Park.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, a well-known local character popular with his parishioners, was celebrating the end of Lent . The bemused grandad, a massive Facebook and Twitter fan, grinned: 'It's their loss. Reverend Andrew Dotchin said he would continue to wear his trademark sandals because he finds socks devilish .
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed. LaTasha Gosling, 27,  and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, (above) were discovered early Wednesday . Police have yet to release much information at this time, only saying that the suspect and victim did know one another.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce. Resolution: Lady Hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved before divorce is finalised .
The crew of a Turkish airlines flight are being investigated after they allowed Turkish football team captain Arda Turan into the cockpit so he could use the tannoy to congratulate his team-mates. He was celebrating after the team's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg and had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system last week.
The celebrity chef, who last appeared on the channel with Nigellissima in 2012, will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2, a series which focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'. The cook, who has famously fronted shows about cooking decadently, said the new show would be about 'food that makes our life easier, that makes us feel better, more alive and less stressed'.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday . During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in . Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long.' 'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said as the audience laughed .
Led magnificently by John Terry, Jose Mourinho’s side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge. From the meanest to the most successful, Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history. John Terry (centre), Gary Cahill (left) and Branislav Ivanovic celebrate Chelsea's goalless draw at Arsenal . The Gunners conceded only 26 goals in the process as they finished 11 points clear of Chelsea.
The Simnel cake took a backseat for years, replaced by other classics such as hot cross buns - until this Easter. The Belfast-baker puts a modern twist on the Easter favourite with pistachios, nutmeg and chopped figs .
Meaning: This one little number carries huge importance as a way to focus the world's attention. Science has continued to raise red flags about 2 degrees of warming.
The first-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp. and is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. Tragically between 2010 and 2013, Delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths that year.
The Scotland international only joined Palace last summer in a deal worth £7million from Wigan Athletic. However, West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
He is shown shaking hands, which Cubandebate said occurred 'for hours,' with Venezuelans in Havana who had come for solidarity events. He was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in January 2014. Above, he presented an award to the Cuban Five spies in February .
Adam Leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the 'Let's Date App' They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar. Leheup has pleaded not guilty to raping the 25-year-old girl at Blackfriars Crown Court, pictured .
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters – including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires – from backing him publicly. ‘Come with me to a black part of south London, walk down the street, and you will find black people going: 'Hey man, good to see you‎”.’ Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ‘no evidence whatsoever’.
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. Police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him. A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Rabbi Bernard 'Barry' Freundel (left) gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal. In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom . In February, the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of  voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on May 15.
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman - but later discovered was an endangered American crocodile .
Tom Ince watches on as his strike flies into the bottom corner to put Derby 2-1 up against Watford . Odion Ighalo (left) is joined by team-mate and captain Troy Deeney (right) after making the score 2-2 on Friday . 'In my opinion (Motta's foul) was not enough for a sending-off but the referee has another opinion and that's it.
Both lengthy trials are coming to a close. And in Ferguson, Missouri, the shadow of Michael Brown and the protests over his shooting by Officer Darren Wilson will loom large over the city's elections.
Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager but Yeovil’s 1-1 draw with fellow strugglers Notts County condemned them to relegation at Huish Park.
Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries . The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year .
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Mayeaux, from Waco, Texas, was transported to Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas because of the injuries she sustained during the wreck. It is not known if Mayeaux will face charges and the event remains under investigation.
Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as Manchester United’s Under 21 side drew 1-1 at Leicester, although Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off. Rafael looks in pain as Leicester's Knockaert checks on the Brazilian defender during the first half of the draw at the King Power Stadium . Manchester United forward Van Persie played 62 minutes before being replaced by reserve team midfielder James Weir . Tom Thorpe captained United despite the presence of first team stars Van Persie, Rafael, Blackett, Januzaj and Jonny Evans .
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes. Stevenson, Sulaiman and Holmes unveil the $1million dollar belt at an event in Mexico City . A Mexican artists works on the emerald green belt which contains diamonds and is worth $1million plus .
Manny Pacquiao (right) poses alongside actor Mark Wahlberg, who visited the Filipino at training . Floyd Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing hold a weight from his head . Mayweather (left) takes on Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2 .
But back to Mercury. They've been using the little bit of fuel left on board to maneuver the spacecraft to keep it in orbit.
Residents living yards from the scene of the £60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime. They also claim to have heard ‘drilling’ noises on the evening of Good Friday, but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks. Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday, but it was graded as 'no police response was deemed to be required'.
Abby Swinfield, 18, a mother-of-one from Castle Donington, in Derbyshire, was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 after a house party in Tamworth where it is thought she took M-Cat . After arriving at hospital Miss Swinfield was put into a coma, but died a week later . Miss Swinfield's mother, Kay, said she is 'devastated' over her daughter's death, saying she suffered two heart attacks before dying of multiple organ failure after taking the drug .
Nick Clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Cyril Smith yesterday by calling the paedophile MP a 'Labour politician'. He claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the Liberal Democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys.
World No 1 Mark Selby demolished Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday. World No 1 Selby dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title and £85,000 .
Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe in Merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current. But as they were unable to save their pet, New Brighton's RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha who was cold and shivering. They then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar.
Ministers agreed to give urgent cases a free upgrade to the fast-track service, but thousands had already paid the extra £30 per passport for this. In total just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year, scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year. In 2013-14, the most recent figures available, managers were handed a total of £1.8 million in bonuses, with the average reward £499 and the highest £3,500.
We had a great relationship and I’ve dedicated my last couple of goals to her. Aaron Ramsey celebrates his goal against Burnley by dedicating it to his late Gran who passed away . Fabianski's save helped Arsenal to progress to the FA Cup final which they won at Wembley in 2014 .
Since taking over from Marc Lievremont, who led France to the World Cup final in 2011, Saint-Andre has failed to impose himself, winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge. Saint-Andre will remain in charge for the World Cup in England from September 18 to October 31.
But he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital. Dr. Oz is well-aware that some colleagues question him, discussing that tension in his Time magazine op-ed. He says he doesn't expect all physicians to understand his approach to health promotion, where he's willing to entertain just about everything, even seances.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. Chelsea defender Filipe Luis (right) could be set for a move back to his former club .
Nine months after she suffered horrific injuries in a brutal attack, former porn star Christy Mack still has to wear a wig and glasses to look herself. Around six months later, a male friend Corey Thomas was sleeping in her bed when she says Koppenhaver, who had a spare key, burst in. Then, prosecutors allege, he approached Mack with a kitchen knife. Koppenhaver, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, will be tried this autumn . The court will resume the case this autumn.
Luke  went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon, north-east of Melbourne, on Friday. Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday . Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents.
Face-off: A barn owl and a kestrel have been caught on camera fighting in a nesting box . Conflict: The two birds of prey lunged at each other in a vicious scrap . Confrontation: The kestrel was attempting to win back the nesting box after guarding it all day .
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display . If Trott’s return with 72 was the most pleasing aspect of a dominant day for England then an unbeaten 95 for captain Alastair Cook was almost as important. The pair came together here at the top of the order yesterday for the first time since a brief experiment in Bangladesh five years ago in what was a low-key return to work after the embarrassment of England’s first round World Cup exit. Stuart Broad bowls in the Carribean sun as England take on a St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI .
Top spot: Iconic UK brand Topshop and Topman is set to open second Sydney store in Westfield Miranda . Celebrity charm: British label has asked Cheyenne Tozzi and Nic Westaway to host in the launch celebrations .
Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . While Mr Schofield admits he was 'absolutely obsessed, tremendously intrigued' by Tasmania, he continued to blast Tasmanian's for wanting to 'dig it up, chop it down, sell it to the Chinese.' Luke Martin from the Tourism Industry Council of Tasmania responded to Mr Schofield's comments labelling them as 'blatant mistruths'.
But how has the actress made the transition from Hermione Granger to a feminist heroine? Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
The liberal arts college in Clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows. A suspicious package was found in the Kirner-Johnson building, and K-9 dogs were on scene . A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.
Shopping habits: Almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p Stores, Poundstretcher,  and Wilkinsons are now middle class and among the country's highest earners, new research has found . 7.73 - number of items bought per visit . 'The key to continued growth will be getting those shoppers to splash more of their cash.'
Downing Centre Local Court showed the security footage of the violent altercation between Irishman Barry Lyttle and his younger brother, Patrick, during a sentence hearing on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . A split second later, Barry retaliates with a brutal punch to Patrick's head. His body buckles beneath him and he crumples to the ground, his head slamming against the pavement. As Patrick lies unresponsive on the ground, a clearly-distressed Barry immediately rushes to his brother's side, frantically trying to revive him. Barry Lyttle (pictured left) has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick (right) grievous bodily harm .
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin - who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups -  is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break, while they were en route to a court in Hyderabad. The five men were all killed in the shooting, while just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries.
Two of the teenagers who masterminded the Anzac Day terror plot in Melbourne had recently scouted police stations ahead of a possible attack. It comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to the planned attack in Melbourne revealed the moment the two young men 'became radicalised'. The information comes after police held one of the alleged ringleaders in jail under tough new terror laws, despite not being charged. Earlier, the social media page of  Besim was discovered, which provided insight into the mind of the alleged terrorist. 'Now he was very good, always.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. In the mountains, Interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy Vail Pass.
Cosmin Moti (centre right) kung-fu tacklesStefan Nikolic during Ludogorets clash with CSKA Sofia . Moti connects cleanly Nikolic's rib cage but the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA .
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found covered in a green raincoat, each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of 'terrible cruelty'. What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare. 'They were in each other's arms like he was protecting her. It was horrible.'
They also believed that the person they were with was warmer and more likeable. One possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the ‘feel-good’ brain chemical serotonin.
The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest on a street in Wembley on Tuesday morning. 'The police are currently investigating this brutal murder. Preacher: Mr Arwani was known for his outspoken opposition to the Assad regime . 'He was banished by the mosque.'
The map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast, Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and a large portion of Ohio. The researchers on the Plos One paper found that racist searches were linked with higher death rates in black communities.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) reported to Thailand's Department of Civil Aviation that it found 'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety . It said that it planned to inform countries about the status of Thailand's aviation safety and 'the solutions to fix the faults that were found in the inspection as soon as possible.'
Fighter ace: Douglas Bader's story is to be told in a Hollywood film dubbed ‘The First Great Escape’ The story of how Douglas Bader recovered from having both legs amputated to become one of Britain’s greatest fighter aces is remarkable enough. Bader – who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 – was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. But now their story could trump the Great Escape after Hollywood bosses snapped up the rights to turn military historian Mark Felton's book about the escape Zero Night into a blockbuster.
Newington College in Stanmore in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case . The principal of St Ignatius' College Riverview, Paul Hine, sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them that a former student had made allegations of 'child sexual abuse over 30 years ago'.
Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane with his Aston Villa side on Saturday and recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against Tottenham to dramatically increase his team's chances of Premier League survival. Christian Benteke (centre) headed the winning goal for Villa on the 35th minute at White Hart Lane .
Zobott is enrolled in Huntley High's blended learning program, which merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. Huntley High School students and educators often refer to the program simply as "blended."
Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia who was willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy Jackson more time . Jackson needs $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront, and another $45,00 for fees . Then he turned his head to Dr Teo and said thank you. It was such a beautiful moment. Not knowing what he’s up for.’ Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $80,000 for surgery . The response from everybody – including so many strangers – has been amazing, .
'Wrote to Richie Benaud when I was 16 about bowling leggies. Jonathon Stevenson, who now works at LiveWire Sport, was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on Twitter  as a tribute to the 'great man' Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers . The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer.
During a training session the Bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake. Bolton-born fight Khan balances the bottle on his hand before flipping it in the air .
Salads in British supermarkets are being grown by workers treated like ‘slaves’ who live in filthy conditions, an investigation has found. Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets. Cleaning: Some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in Almeria southern Spain . Workers in one field in Murcia were filmed being sprayed with pesticides. One vegetable picker working for a firm in Almeria supplying courgettes to the UK told of the filthy conditions in which he was made to work.
They played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for Newcastle United. Still, at least they returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes. But on Sunday they set another record as losers of the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Little Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home in January 2012. 'The sun comes up tomorrow even though you don't want it to,' Mrs Valentine said. 'We are actually the lucky ones, because we had Chloe in our life. The young girl was forced to ride a motorbike for days on end by her drug addicted mother and her partner .
The pictures, including one radar grab, showing soldiers of the French second Foreign Parachute Regiment, were released by French Defence Audio-visual Communication and Production Unit. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Manchester City Ladies midfielder Jill Scott has apologised after she was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey during her side's 1-0 defeat by Arsenal on Sunday. Chioma Ubogagu netted the winner for Arsenal in the 36th minute before Scott was dismissed after the break.
It is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants . The attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called '#bringbackourgirls' - but more than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed. 'We do not know if the Chibok girls can be rescued', Buhari said.
Tokyo (CNN)The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. A newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded.
Her guiding philosophy: "It's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny."
Bulgaria's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months . While on bail, Zebroski also attempted to rob two men in Swindon after drinking heavily at a party.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . 'I got into medical school because I said I was black. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Portrait of a happy marriage: Charles and Camilla in the new photo released to mark their 10th anniversary . Big day: The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall on their wedding day a decade ago . She added: 'The Queen reacts to public opinion. Happily married: Charles has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since his marriage . Camilla, meanwhile, had struck up a relationship with Prince Charles, who was first introduced to her sometime in 1971.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash when she was just 32. Peter, from Gillingham, Kent, believed Claire had died in a tragic accident that happened in Aberdeen, Scotland, in 1994. It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance.
Former Wisconsin sheriff's deputy Andrew Steele, pictured in court earlier this month, has been found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law on Thursday . Prosecutors believed Steele planned the killings. Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths .
Police are trying to find a gang of vigilante paedophile hunters accused of posing as children online and then beating up men who agree to meet them. A second man, aged 19, has been released on bail on suspicion of committing a similar offence to O'Neill.
Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer but the couple's special day (pictured) was full of blunders . Guests at the couple's (pictured) wedding were forced to listen to the song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid .
So hot right now: Ed Miliband's looks proved a hit with Twitter users during last night's debate . Impressed: Viewers appeared to appreciate Mr Miliband's 'sexy tie' and the grey streak in his hair . Swoon: A Twitter user describes Mr Miliband as a 'sexy beast' and exhorts him to keep looking at the camera .
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago. Bacteria attacked her breast tissue causing it to die so she was left with one shrivelled, deformed breast and one enlarged by surgery. Now she says she would do anything to feel like a normal woman again.
Boys will be boys: Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia, but the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy . Then, shortly before he turned three, Jacob declared himself a boy. The Lemays began to let Jacob transition. Happy kid: Since transitioning, Jacob has come into his own; he socializes and shows affection more since he has started to feel more like himself . 'That had been a figment of my imagination.'
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center, also known as Devils Lake, in North Dakota. Chepulis, arrested as she returned to the vehicle, was found to have Brown's initials tattooed on her left ring finger.
Bayern were brilliant in Munich, but a repeat of their Porto horror-show could see them dumped out . No one player is more important to Real Madrid than Luka Modric. He could be back for the final but they may not get there without him. Andrea Pirlo still runs the show for the Old Lady, but the Italian's best days are now behind him . Barcelona’s front three have clicked in a way that Luis Enrique would not have dared dream.
She has published 33 books and eight of those have been turned into movies including Ann Rule Presents: The Stranger Beside Me and Small Sacrifices. The Washington-based author has been in declining health since 2013 after she broke her hip, she also suffers from periods of extreme confusion and is vulnerable to undue influence, according to the Huffington Post. An investigation revealed that Michael and Andrew Rule along with their two siblings, Leslie and Laura, receive an estimated $25,000 monthly salary combined through their mother's corporation Rule Enterprises LLC for work they perform on her behalf, according to court documents. His brother, Michael Rule, has been charged with theft and forgery .
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor, six counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child, according to NBC. If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison. Hansen, (left and right) was a special education instructor at Centennial High School. She was arrested in June 2013 and prosecutors said the crimes occurred between 2012 and 2013 .
Detlef Guenzel chopped Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau in 2013. Prosecutors said Gunezel then took his victim to the basement where he strangled him using a rope tied to a pulley before chopping the corpse up into small pieces. However the defence team argue that the video shows Stempniewicz had his feet in constant contact with the ground, meaning he could have stopped the strangulation if he had wanted to.
Reunited: Wendy Stokes, 74, is delighted to have 109-year-old Toby back after his escape 11 months ago . He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre. Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm in West Hougham.
Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday's video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. The couple will get married in July in a Chicago park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a LGBT community center, The Washington Blade reported.
A  teenager with a deadly brain tumour has  raised the majority of $80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery. Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . Hugs from our family to yours!'
The new amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . 'I’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says Carnes .
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. No one was injured in the incident. Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway .
Having recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year, the Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in Canada in June. England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances but Duggan, who has 11 goals in 16 games for her country, is convinced Mark Sampson's team can go further this time. Duggan pictured in action for the England team during a match earlier this season .
Effective immediately, players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with Australian Rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas. Players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected (Giteau pictured for Australia in 2010) Matt Giteau (Toulon) Drew Mitchell (Toulon) George Smith (Lyon) Adam Ashley-Cooper (Bordeaux)* . *set to sign for club next season .
The body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away. Bernadette and Sarah's family today said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss. Police believe the alleged murderer was known to both women .
A game of cat and mouse has been captured in a series of striking images as the pair battle it out on a shed rooftop like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo Tom and Jerry. Ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse. The pictures were taken by the cat's owner Jason Bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN)Lee Min-bok didn't laugh once when he watched "The Interview." "We can help towards reunification with these balloons," says Lee. He doesn't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets.
The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw, but  so far only Mrs Peppelman's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide. While friends and neighbors remembered the couple as outgoing and friendly, others admitted that the Peppelmans were going through a rough patch and that Mrs Peppelman had moved out of the house with their three sons.
Britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table looking at a range of living standards. Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles. Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, cornered Valecce in the basement and took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him. He inked swastikas, Stars of David, two variations of the N-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words 'Gay Pride' beside it, Philly.com reported. Valecce suffered three busted ribs, two broken wrists and fractured bones in his face. He was sentenced to 20 years in state prison.
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. It was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved.
He is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at Anfield on April , 1996, which saw the two Premier League hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders Manchester United. Robbie Fowler (second right) rises above John Beresford to head home the opener for Liverpool . Fowler's early goal began the seven goal spectacle that Martin Tyler classed as his favourite game . 'I get goosebumps every time I hear it because it was such a special time.
Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse. Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 24, and wife Sam, 48, at the premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron on April 13 .
Star players including Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger are among those sidelined. Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting Bayern Munich in the Champions League . While the Germans have suffered injuries, Porto have been boosted by the return of Jackson Martinez .
Mr Cameron said a Conservative government would have the new system in place in time for the first budget of the new parliament in March 2016. The Prime Minister's visit came as he courted English voters with an election pledge to create a separate rate of income tax for England .
The young girl was discovered sitting alone in the parking lot of a burger restaurant 13 miles away and was scared by male police officers . Authorities are looking for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted.
Visitors who venture onto or too close to North Sentinel Island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world. When they do interact with outsiders, it usually involves violence – the indigenous Sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions. The tribespeople are rarely photographed or recorded on video; the only existing images or video clips tend to be of poor quality . To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone .
Dr. Dayo Adeyanju, Ondo's state commissioner for health, said 18 people have died and five people are being treated. Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol.
When tumours in the lungs are suspected, patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease, often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. Obscene: Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester, when the alleged incidents' occurred .
United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge, but Mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad. Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race with a game in hand . Injuries are part of the game.'
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year . Manuel Pellegrini is punching above his weight at City... the club MUST think big or forever remain small .
Juve are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of the standings with 10 games remaining. If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club. Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families. Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
The court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend Robert Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. The scene of the alleged murder on the banks of the River Thames in Abingdon, Oxfordshire . Natasha Elderfield and Mr Steggles were down in the cabin and were about to have sex.
Copeland and Saltara were arguing on the street as the attacker eavesdropped and then started to interfere. When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. He then turned on Saltara, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the New York Post. 'We were both stabbed,' Saltara can be heard saying. We are scared for our lives!' Arrested: Atlanta Hawks' players Thabo Sefolosha, left, and Pero Antić, right, were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived.
Manny Pacquiao has revealed his colourful mouthpiece ahead of his bout with Floyd Mayweather . Mayweather (left) and Pacquiao meet in the eagerly anticipated duel in Las Vegas on May 2 .
She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city of Brookhaven'. The girls' mouths 'dropped' and, moments later, they and Mr Jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official. However, Ms Taylor has released her own statement, in which she claims she was wrongly accused in the incident, which occurred between March 27 and 29, and says Mr Jones was 'unprofessional'.
John Terry (centre) celebrates Chelsea's hard earned point against Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday . The team were phenomenal, but John was one step ahead of every other player.’ Terry's performance also drew praise from Sky Sports pundit and Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher, who said the 34-year-old was the best defender to play in the Premier League era.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay, where swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the Coast Guard. Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the Coast Guard, has improved from critical to serious condition. Lyman Moores of Clallam County Sheriff's Office, forecasts had predicted there would be stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip a week ago and that an advisory had been issued a day before. But, according to Caines, the kayaks the group used were also well-outfitted.
According to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform. Vocativ reported that at least 7 per cent of them listed Baghdad, Iraq as their hometown, a larger number than any U.S. city.
Ahead of Floyd Mayweather Jnr's eagerly-anticipated mega-fight with Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2, Roach has blasted the elder Mayweather and insisted that the Money Man would be far better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger. Floyd Mayweather Jnr (right) gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his Shots account on Wednesday .
Norwegian wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been named on the bench for this evening's La Liga game and may make his debut. Pressure is on Real Madrid as they aim to narrow the five-point gap Barcelona have opened up at the top of La Liga.
Today, it's on the rise again after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick, and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it. 'One day when Pakistan is free from polio, I will have time for my family.
This image shows a bent iPhone 6S . The material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone 6, Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported. The Apple Watch Sport has a lightweight anodised aluminium case. The same alloy is used to make racing bikes.
The Duchess of Cambridge has revealed that Prince George went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was 'in China'.
Rotherham's have been accused of fielding Farrend Rawson, on loan from Derby, despite him being ineligible . Rotherham manager Steve Evans added to the confusion by suggesting his player had been recalled .
Next summer there will be a new ship in the Thomson fleet – but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on Royal Caribbean’s Splendour of the Seas. She was built in 2001 as ‘R8’ – the last of eight ‘Renaissance Class’ ships.
Crystal Palace right back Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south London club . Ward has played 101 times for the Eagles since joining from boyhood club Portsmouth in May 2012 . Last week's win over champions Manchester City saw Ward make his 100th appearance for Palace, and he cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew in his decision to sign a new deal.
Steve Clarke insists his Reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley . Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager and there's no better place to start than Wembley .
But David Cameron and Boris Johnson were left scratching their heads today as they struggled with a children's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons. As the London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands, the Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan, telling him: 'If in doubt, wedge it in.'
An Italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear. And Palombo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful'.
Despite being one of Real's best players this season, in the absence of injured Colombian playmaker James Rodriguez, Isco fell straight back out of the team when Rodriguez returned to fitness.
The protests started in response to the death of Freddie Gray in police hands. But Baltimore is not Ferguson. That's what cops do. Ultimately police are in a no-win situation. There are fights. Police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class.
Deborah Steel, 37, who ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire, was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. Detectives probing the suspected murder of the landlady have dug up the patio of her pub - the Royal Standard (pictured) A 73-year-old man is on bail until 29 April and two others, aged 70 and 50, have since had theirs cancelled.
The eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim Katie Piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery, a tribunal was told yesterday. Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. The surgeon denies all of the allegations of misconduct and will give evidence via videolink from Karachi, Pakistan, where he is currently living and working.
The Championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged within the Richard Dunn Sports Centre car park, situated opposite the Provident Stadium, Odsal, and the Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany. 'Nazi Germany alone bears responsibility.' 'In their minds, the murderers and accomplices of Germany, and Poland, and Hungary, and so many, many other places didn't do something evil,' Comey wrote. US Ambassador Stephen Mull apologised to Poland .
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia in Swansea, South Wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross The Kingsway - a busy road in the city centre. Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed, Cardiff, today, while her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses. Funeral: Her coffin is carried into Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed, Cardiff, before her husband Gavin walked inside hand-in-hand with their daughter Olivia and seven-year-old son Lloyd .
Video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area, authorities said. During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but no details have been released .
Kevin Spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the  '.sucks' domains which opened on 30 March . The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,'  sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal.
From teenage mothers and fathers to truck drivers and homeless addicts, Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night. Brazil has become the world's top consumer of crack cocaine, according to some recent studies, as government programs fail to stem the rapid spread of drug use.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia. According to the paper, Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'.
Claiming the money he generates pays for the 'infrastructure' around him, Mr Blair said: 'I could not do what I do unless I was also able to generate income'. Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking.
The country’s biggest food bank organisation yesterday claimed the number of people claiming free meal packages from its branches passed a million last year. The row comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks – said by supporters to show that hunger is commonplace and need overwhelming, and by critics to show that when free food is handed out, people will always come forward to take it.
United will surely take third place in the league. City actually bookended this game with two very good goals, Sergio Aguero scoring in the eighth and 88th minutes. The home team had all the game’s best players. For 10 minutes, City were excellent. Man of the match: Ashley Young . Check out more from Match Zone . Many felt Vincent Kompany was fortunate to escape with just a booking after this challenge on Daley Blind just before the half-time whistle . Last season Edin Dzeko scored early and the game finished 3-0. This is what confidence does to a team and by the 21st minute they were in the lead. Smalling rose unmarked to head Young's free-kick beyond Hart to make it 4-1 for rampant United . Aguero gave a semblance of respectability to the scoreline by meeting Pablo Zabaleta's cross late on . For the first time in a while, they held City in their grip. His team, finally, are in flight. United co-chairmen Avram Glazer (right) was also in the stands to see a vital derby victory .
She said: 'I was carrying a box of wedding decorations down stairs when I suddenly fell. 'I knew something had to go wrong,' she said. The 28-year-old was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows, after falling down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding .
Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah – a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher – has been charged with her murder. Mr Adusah's defence lawyer Mr Adomako Acheampong has claimed in court that 41-year-old Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user – and that her whole family were addicted to the drug. But speaking exclusively to The Mail on Sunday, Ms Speirs's brother Paul said that his sister had never touched drugs and it was 'an outrageous lie' to say his family were all addicts. The couple travelled to Ghana early last month so Mr Adusah could preach at a three-day religious rally.
Arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game, while Jose Mourinho's side rarely troubled David Ospina. Mesut Ozil - Not quite £42.5million, but he's getting there. Heavily involved for the Gunners but couldn't find a breakthrough. Chelsea .
Chinese engineering graduate Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the  hit film with his younger brother. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack. To cut the cost, Cheng used plastic instead of metal which he bought for just 5 Yuan (60p) per square metre.
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson would have had the 'outstanding' Esteban Cambiasso down as his man of the match in Saturday's 2-1 win over West Ham even if the veteran Foxes midfielder had not scored his fine goal. Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the table .
He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, according to his wife, Kathryn Jacobi Dysart. Law': Sex, crime and the 'Venus Butterfly' McKenzie usually took a back seat to the younger, more glamorous characters on "Law," a Steven Bochco-created legal show that owed much to his previous hit, "Hill Street Blues."
The Masters 2015 is almost here. To help get you in the mood for the first major of the year, Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose, plus past Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel, give the lowdown on every hole at the world-famous Augusta National Golf Club.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a 'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months. Mr Miliband's announcement comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract after being grilled by Jeremy Paxman last week.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of . It also ranks . ninth among the top ten openings in history. Audiences flocked over the weekend to see actor Paul Walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40 . Going into the weekend, most analysts estimated that . the film would open in the $115 million range. Walker died in a single-car accident on November 30, 2013 in his friend Roger Rodas's red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT .
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February, and is believed to  be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. The GCSE pupil also shares her love for Vans and Nike trainers and Chelsea FC. Before her departure to Syria, she tweeted a poignant picture of herself with two friends, believed to be fellow runaways Shamima Begum  and Kadiza Sultana, before their departure. It shows the trio sitting in a London park, and is captioned 'Akhwaat', meaning 'sisters' in Arabic.
Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week. The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality.
Abase Hussen, left, took his daughter Amira, right, to a demonstration when she was aged just 13 . Maybe it influenced her.’ Amira was one of three girls from Bethnal Green Academy in East London who flew to Turkey before being smuggled across the border into Syria in February. Mr Hussen said he felt ‘terrible’ to know he had been protesting with one of Mr Rigby’s killers and said: ‘It was brutal, it has nothing to do with Islam, it is not human.
Coleen Rooney (left) and Nadine Coyle (right) have joined forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life .
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick.
Tracey Neville, pictured at Hotel Football in Manchester, is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville . Neville, who will manage England at the netball World Cup, believes she is a natural leader like her brothers . Given the opportunity she would also like to pick the brains of Sir Alex Ferguson.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. The Echo Ranger traveled 30 miles from its base in Half Moon Bay, California, and hovered 150 above the carrier, which lies 2,600 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean.
An estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in March of 2011 during the tsunami. The Oregan authorities plan to tow the boat segment to the Port of Newport for temporary storage. Wreckage: The fiberglass remains of the boat found floating off the coast of Oregon yesterday .
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight against Floyd Mayweather was cancelled during media event . Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, Daily Mail Online reported early last month. Purchase: Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne. The building is supposedly haunted by spirits . The ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski (left) and Alfredo Taylor (right) are thought to haunt the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street .
On the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary, Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters for '20/20', which will air tonight. She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996. She was his sixth grade teacher when their affair began . 'The incident was a late night that it didn't stop with a kiss,' Letourneau recounted. But weeks after her release, she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter. While she was in prison, her husband had moved the children to Alaska, but she remains close to them, she said, and they have good relationships with their two young sisters. She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . He was sentenced to a year in jail with all the time but a day suspended and was put on probation for two years.
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year after a standout season for Tottneham . Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves to win the award for his impact on English football . Kane will have to beat off competition from Eden Hazard if he is to claim individual gong . David de Gea - Manchester United . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool .
Experts believe they have finally discovered how the Rapa Nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the Easter Island figures’ heads, more than 700 years ago . Mr Hixon’s team used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a Moai’s head, using different techniques. Standing guard: An estimated 100 pukao have been discovered so far, either in place on the statues or scattered nearby.
Saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
Simon & Schuster has confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the book is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher. Mariah, 45, and Nick, 34, have been battling about money and custody of their twins since he filed the divorce papers four months ago and even though there is a prenuptial agreement Nick is willing to air their dirty laundry — for a big fat check. 'Nick says he is going to tell the world about Mariah's drug use, her strange eating habits, psychosis, what she has said about other artists, her sexual proclivities and her parenting skills.
University of Cape Town students took to social media  to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down, saying his legacy is tainted with racism.
"Funk," released on RCA Records, passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines," featuring T.I. With "Funk" now just three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for the record, and four weeks from possibly claiming it all to itself, can it rewrite Hot 100 history?
Adele Sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. The fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago. She has been living in the apartment since 1962 when rent was only $150 a month, according to CBS.
The gang used the power tool to cut through the  wall of the secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems. The photograph of the Hilti DD350 drill was released tonight by Scotland Yard  as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an 'Ocean's 11 type team'. Police are offering a £20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid.
The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance at Searcys function rooms in Knightsbridge in London's West End for the 'Football Fighting Ebola' event. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Two young Muslims have put a 14-year-old Pakistani boy in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body after they set him on fire because he is a Christian. Christian vigilantes lynch church bombing suspects after the attack in Lahore killed 15 worshippers and leaves almost 80 wounded .
A pensioner is living in fear after his Jack Russell saved him from a badger the size of a large pig with six-inch teeth. Mr Cooper, from Curry Rivel, Somerset said his dog  dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and recipes for bombs in his flats . The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh. Sentencing him to three years and four months in prison, Judge Lady Wolffe said: 'You assembled large quantities without lawful purpose and some were stored in a high rise flat in a densely populated area.
Seamus Coleman falls over under the challenge from Marvin Emnes and handles the ball . The Everton players protest but Michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate, and gave a penalty . Jonjo Shelvey tucked away the penalty equaliser in the 69th minute.
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition .
Mr Gould, who has learning difficulties and is unemployed, went into the Sainsbury's branch in Stoke-on-Trent and opened two boxes containing £25 speakers. Staff took him into the manager's office and forced him to empty his bag, but he was cleared of shoplifting.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. But one Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil."
James Oatway took chilling images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. He also told how he desperately tried to save Mr Sithole by taking him to a nearby medical centre.
According to a new book by a former royal correspondent, the former King Juan Carlos II had a long-running affair with a German socialite during the final decade of his reign. But if Felipe and Letizia were upset about the revelations, they certainly weren't showing it as they arrived at the University of Alcala de Henares to present the Cervantes Prize for Literature.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings . To the great embarrassment of Michel Platini, the stationing of additional officials behind both goals has proved to be an extraordinary waste of time.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session after the English champions were thrashed 37-5 in the Champions Cup. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder, meanwhile, admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career.
A Florida police department is in mourning after an officer was accidentally shot by a coworker during firearms training. 'He was wearing his bulletproof vest, but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest,' Ocala Police Chief Greg Graham told News 13. He was funny.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the American flag. The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat on April 17. 'Hurt': Nicholas Connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said both he and his dog were spat on by university students in Panama Beach City for a spring formal . Repercussions: Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled.
Attorney General Eric Holder bid farewell to the Justice Department on Friday after six years, outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a 'golden age' in the department's history. More than anything, I am going to miss you all,' Holder told the standing-room-only crowd, many of whom embraced him after he concluded his speech. The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
Alan Pardew says Sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form Crystal Palace side than his past as Newcastle manager this Saturday. Jermain Defoe scores a stunning winner for Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby against Newcastle . 'We're three points away from the top 10 so of course it is (a realistic target).'
Police are investigating links between the Hatton Garden gems heist and a strikingly similar raid on a Berlin bank two years ago. German detectives have been ‘closely monitoring developments’ in the £60 million London case and are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week. In particular, they are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid and, crucially, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions . Hales was at Edgbaston on Thursday at the launch of this season's T20 domestic competition . England were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year, dumped out of their group .
Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me.' The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. After the 46-year-old's comment, his sister Tina posted on Facebook, '[Bobbi] woke up and is no longer on life support!!!!! :):)God is good! There have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston.
A 38 stone man who was too obese to work has lost more than half of his body weight after taking up Zumba. Tony Orrell lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years thanks to his love of Zumba . The determined pair have now shed a combined weight of 29 stone after Tony lost an amazing 21 stone and Debbie dropped 8 stone.
Tim Sherwood  takes on his friend Chris Ramsey when Aston Villa play Queens Park Rangers . Ok, see you Tuesday.' Villa captain Fabian Delph looks dejected as Villa are beaten by United in the Premier League .
In an interview with The Daily Beast, the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma — two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision. The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some people, especially African Americans, at higher risk in their 40s. Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration, as well as cataracts (clouding of the lenses).
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove. Rescue efforts were helped by cooperative weather combined with hundreds of firefighters who beat back the flames Sunday. And despite the ferocity of the fire, no property damage or injuries were reported.
Manny Pacquiao will also earn more than $100million in Las Vegas on May 2. Floyd Mayweather hits the pads with his uncle Roger during a media workout at his Las Vegas gym . Mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against Manny Pacquiao . Now Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquiao $120m. All in the timing. And after this, he says, there will be only one more. That, he is sure, will be enough to win.
She made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Miss Flanders, 46, accused the media of ‘raking over’ Mr Miliband’s past in the run-up to the election.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week . In fact, three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day without fail. Red Leicester (31%) 4.
Jondrew Lachaux (right) is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips, (left) and assaulted her teen daughter . The teen ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition along with her baby and her three-year-old sister. She gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital . She told them that when she told her stepfather that the body smelt, he allegedly told her to put her little sister in a box.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Historic: This stretch, measuring more than 6 miles long, is thought to date back more than 2,000 years . Historical documents had suggested that the Emperor Qin ordered for the Great Wall to start in Gansu province and run east into the Ningxia region and Inner Mongolia, but physical evidence in this particular area has never been found until now. Mr Zhou said China's first emperor ordered for the stretch to be built along the Yellow River to stop invaders crossing it when it was frozen.
Yassir Ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham at 3.45pm on February 22 after officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. Ali lost control of the car and got it stuck on a bollard outside a shop, right, where he was arrested .
Nina Anderson searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire, after gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom as she watched television. Her actions, which echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, led to the arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, who has now been jailed for three years.
It sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km). The smaller magma chamber is shown in red beneath the supervolcano's caldera .
Bradley Johnson heads home to give Norwich City the lead against Sheffield Wednesday at Carrow Road . Johnson scores his second for the Canaries as they maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory .
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. Interestingly, several of the causes of worry directly stem from work-related situations. Not being able to sleep (46 per cent) 2.
Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby Champions League clash .
The woman alleged that Morales did not relent until after a brief struggle, according to the Washington Post. The party, held on March 31 at the Capitol City Brewing Company, was being thrown in Morales' honor to celebrate his recent assignment to head the Louisville Secret Service field office. Morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week.
One of five victims killed in a fiery crash in Fort Worth, Texas was returning from her own engagement party when an 18-wheeler ploughed into her and others who had stopped to help victims of an earlier incident. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez (left) and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez (right) were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . Four were killed instantly in the collision.
This time last year the world was shocked by the abduction of 276 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped from their school by Boko Haram militants. But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since. Those are the lucky ones, others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves. As well as helping children through the refugee camps, the charity are also working to return abducted children to their families and demobilise children involved in fighting.
Police in Canada have also charged Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, with criminal negligence causing death. ‘This should never have happened’, he added.
Oil from a Russian  trawler which was towed out to  sea to sink after catching fire in port is washing up on the beaches of Gran Canaria and  threatening  tourist spots across the Canary Islands. The Spanish government activated an environmental emergency alert and said one beach has been cleared of oil and clean-up operations were ongoing on three other beaches near the tourist town of Maspalomas.
Real Madrid attacking midfielder James Rodriguez will start against Granada after recovering from injury .
Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand. The piano was made in collaboration with British contemporary artist Lauren Baker. The sparkling piano was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar .
Charles Severance, 54, who has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia, was in court for a hearing on Thursday. At court on Thursday, prosecutor Bryan Porter argued Severance, who was once a fringe candidate for political office, should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders,The Washington Post reported. The three victims were shot at random outside their front doors in broad daylight in the wealthy DC suburb of Alexandria, Virginia .
(CNN)The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and the United States, neither of which is an ICC member, opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body. The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June.
Jeff Novitzky, who was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin, will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme. 'There is no bigger advocate of clean professional sports than Jeff Novitzky,' UFC Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Lawrence Epstein said.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ‘astonishing’. The offer from one of the country’s biggest mortgage lenders – HSBC is consistently in the top five – launches on Monday and is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies.
Standard-issue: Pictured above is the Chevrolet Express police van, the vehicle used by Baltimore Police to move around prisoners . The design of the standard van does not seem to show anything for Gray to have hit his head on . In their report ABC News said that there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
Leeds midfielder Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half as Blackburn warmed up for Wednesday's home FA Cup quarter-final replay against Liverpool with a 3-0 win. Tom Cairney (right) opened the scoring for Blackburn Rovers against Leeds United at Elland Road .
They say the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet'. 'The brain operates in a similar way.'
Flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area around Manchester Airport . UK aviation authorities have successfully prosecuted two drone operators for safety breaches .
Len Blavatnick, pictured left with his wife Emily, topped the Sunday Times Rich List with a fortune of £13.2bn. The Queen’s wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340million, leaving her at number 302 – down from 285 in 2014. Len Blavatnik, a businessman and music mogul born in Ukraine, tops this year’s Rich List with an estimated personal wealth of £13.17billion. Ranked: .
New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in her essay for Your Tango that adoption of the 'yes means yes' law, which defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner, is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture. In Connecticut, state officials are now considering the adoption of a similar 'yes means yes' bill.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend, scraping through 12-11 against Racing Metro. Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs as a 'crisis' for French rugby .
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app (pictured) launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall .
But there were good signs, as seen on the live stream and Dallas Zoo's Twitter feed -- like its ears moving, its efforts to stand, and its nursing (or at least trying to nurse) from mom.
Jordan Spieth sinks his birdie put on the 18th at Augusta to take a three-shot lead into the second round . Rose and Charley Hoffman (above) made the early running at Augusta with a 67 . In nine previous starts Rose has led on three occasions after the first round.
Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the Harbour city, a record growth and the strongest increase since April in 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data. Sydney's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter . Canberra surprisingly performed second best to Sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values leading to a $530,000 median house price, followed by Melbourne at 3.5 per cent and $518,000.
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters and will play in the RBC Heritage Classic . The 21-year-old was in formidable form at Augusta and equaled Tiger Woods' tournament birdie record .
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . Sterling enraged Liverpool after saying in a BBC interview that he was ‘flattered’ to be linked with Arsenal. Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack' Sterling celebrates after scoring Liverpool's opening goal in Monday night's 2-0 win over Newcastle United .
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth . The Life Ball, pictured, is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV or AIDS and is being dubbed Europe's answer to the MET Ball .
In the picture, taken on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes, but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes. Brazilian man, Nelson Felippe posted this image, expressing his disapproval at the 'scene'.
Its subjects have taken the show to heart. The end of a TV series brings with it some risk. What's going to happen? On the other hand, Peggy Olson's star has continued to rise (much like one of the character's models, advertising wunderkind Mary Wells Lawrence).
Harington, who plays the character Jon Snow, poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses when he appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the HBO series’ return to TV screens. The 28-year-old Londoner joked to host Seth Myers that Belfast is ‘wonderful for two or three days’ and emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city, drawing laughter from a studio audience. Harington, appearing on Late Night with Seth Myers, said Belfast has a 'wonderful, depressing' tourism board .
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together. It was truly amazing.' Niamh said the pair got on 'very well' as they both applied make-up before the shoot, swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities.
Heather Mack, pictured smiling behind bars, is accused of the murder of her socialite mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack . The new mother took baby Stella to court with her, who was born last month at a prison hospital . Mack, looking bored in her cell, now faces a five day wait to find out her fate .
Vincent Viafore (right) from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald (left) when he was thrown in on Sunday evening. She managed to make it out of the water and call 911. Residents say the water at this time of year is ' precarious ' as it is so cold .
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. "Displaced people in northeastern Nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation, they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes," said Liz Ahua, who's coordinating Nigerian refugee efforts for the U.N. Aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water, shelter, food and access to education.
The baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets, before she went back to work. Ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant in case they beat her. ‘My daughter isn’t married. We cannot keep this baby’, he said.
Paez said she was out walking Sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street. The woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so. Marshals Service said it is reviewing the incident.
And the nation is completely split on whether Charles should become king at all. Prince Andew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table . Princes William and Harry are the most popular members of the royal family .
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged . Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career which saw him complete three tours of war-ravaged Afghanistan. But after returning home to the UK, he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson and left with severe brain damage. Your one punch destroyed that.' The soldier was left him slumped on the ground, bleeding from his ears and in a coma for 14 days.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office said in a press release. Oklahoma's executions have been put on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews its use of lethal injections.
Dapper Laughs, the controversial persona previously 'killed off' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly, has arrived Down Under – chatting up air hostesses and mocking airport cleaners along the way. And he admitted he had allowed himself to get 'carried away' with his own success after finding fame on social media. O’Reilly’s TV show Dapper Laughs: On The Pull was cancelled by ITV last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed .
Food for thought: Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she's handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla .
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world . Each of the guests fire up their webcams, and their faces will appear on virtual bodies sat in the guest area.
The Spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently. Everton manager Roberto Martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach . Martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative' and points to his changes made against Southampton .
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police. Labour MP Simon Danczuk is calling for the Home Office to 'come clean' over the dossier.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon, and demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said. He then allegedly grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against the bar. Dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident on Saturday afternoon .
A gun-wielding Good Samaritan stopped a man from stealing a car by shooting the thief in the shoulder. Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life. Drama: The owner had jumped on top of the bonnet but the carjacker was driving off at speed regardless .
At the premiere Wednesday night in Hollywood, Walker's co-star and close friend Vin Diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening, saying "This movie is more than a movie."
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot. The biggest one, Elizabeth Windsor or @Queen_UK, boasts 1.25m followers - 280,000 more than the real thing. Top tweets: Katy Perry is the world's most followed person on Twitter, closely followed by Justin Bieber . Popular: Tony Abbott is the most followed Australian politician while David Cameron tops the list in the UK .
This was his sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par. The next Tiger? That is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field, reported New York Daily News. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois .
The Ohio Court of Claims on Friday granted the money to Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, and the brothers' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded. He was released last year (right) after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony . Ajamu, known in 1975 as Ronnie Bridgeman, was released in 2003 after 27 years in prison and exonerated in December. His brother Wiley Bridgeman and Jackson were released in November after nearly 40 years behind bars.
The Scottish first minister was accused of holding Britain to ‘ransom’ after she said she was ‘offering to make Ed Miliband prime minister’. Time for a picture: After the debate, he was seen posing with SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, pictured above .
Arsene Wenger has told Manchester City not to waste their time in trying to sign Jack Wilshere. The England international was in the stands for Arsenal's Premier League win against Liverpool . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta and injury-prone Abou Diaby are in line to feature against Burnley on Saturday . But Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in Arsenal's 4-1 demolition of Liverpool.
Despite regular trips to GPs, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. But after tests and a brain scan, she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on June 23 last year. Now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly and said the joys of watching her grow up had 'all been stolen from me'.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus rhamnosus, the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks. The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours . 'The trees are usually successful in avoiding the 'sin' of inbreeding.'
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. The Ferguson Police Department is investigating the incident as an act of vandalism but they do not have any suspects. The incident is the third time that a Brown memorial has been destroyed. And in December, a car hit and destroyed a memorial.
Aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor in Las Vegas on July 11.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says that Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever . I’d put Ward and Triple G above Mayweather right now. Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward higher than he does undefeated Mayweather . Roach, who has trained Pacquiao for 15 years, says the Filipino is in the best shape of his life .
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians. Pope Francis prays in front of the Colosseum during the Via Crucis (Way of the Cross) torchlight procession . In what has become an annual Maundy Thursday tradition, Francis washed the feet of 12 prisoners detained at Rome's Rebibbia prison, including a transsexual.
Two goals from Luis Suarez and an effort from Neymar have given the four-time winners a commanding 3-1 lead going into their return fixture after Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort on 82 minutes. The Ligue 1 champions have it all to do when they travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
But David Cameron warned of the 'frightening' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. On BBC One's Andrew Marr Show, Ms Sturgeon would only say: 'I have no plans for another referendum at this stage.' 'I've got to persuade people that the SNP in the House of Commons after the election will not be any kind of disruptive force. 'The rest of the United Kingdom – England, Wales, Northern Ireland, wouldn't get a look-in. And the answer is no.
Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama . Messi says he is keen to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like I always have' Barca top of the league and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games ahead of PSG on Wednesday .
Moeen Ali trudges off after being dismissed against New Zealand during the World Cup . Adil Rashid (left) and James Tredwell are current spinning options in the squad to tour West Indies .
Keith Cameron, pictured,  was jailed for five years for scamming his dying friend and neighbour out of his life savings . The 54-year-old scammed his trusting friend and terminally ill neighbour, Jonathan Speirs, out of £476,864 in a complicated ruse. He promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years, but it was all an elaborate lie.
PSG will come up against an 'unstoppable' player when Lionel Messi visits the Parc des Princes for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, according to manager Laurent Blanc. 'But we can't just focus on him. The second leg will be held at the Nou Camp on April 21.
'Wil Can Fly:' A Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence (left), created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil (right), who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying . After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations, KSL reports. Lawrence said his goal is to raise awareness about Down Syndrome.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham, The Dallas Morning News reported Saturday. The hospital says it respected Pham's privacy and only acted with her consent . Since Pham contracted the disease while working for the hospital as an intensive care nurse, her remedy should be a worker's compensation claim, not in civil court, the hospital's response said.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety. The last major eruption was 1962.
The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments, reports ABC. There has been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital, including the death of a patient last month who went into a coma.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral . But we remember him with tremendous affection.’ State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians. Even Bradman himself turned down the offer of one before his death in 2001.
Police said Kuta, junior at Bronx Envision Academy, appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops. Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran when police officers arrived (above scenes from where he fell) The 17-year-old jumped over a three-foot high wall (pictured above) before he fell six stories from the building . Hakeem was taken to St Barnabas Hospital (above) where he was listed in critical condition.
The world's longest ever kidney donation chain linked its final donor to ailing recipient last month when a Wisconsin woman became the 34th person whose life was saved by the record-setting program. 32 lives saved: Mitzi Neyens, 77, (left) was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants--the world's longest such chain to date. She received a kidney March 26 thanks to his generosity .
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade, including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines. The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a Bondi house with sand pouring through its doors.
But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the 'victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest. The report forms just part of a long list released by East of England ambulance service detailing their most bizarre, and irritating, call outs.
After shocking the sporting world by taking the job with the Northern League Division One side in the ninth tier of English football, the local lad, 36, has now won seven on the spin with his club side. Steve Harmison seems to be doing a fine job at Ashington AFC and has led them to seven wins on the spin .
Gareth Southgate (right) led England to fourth in the Toulon Tournament last May . Liverpool winger Jordon Ibe (left) could feature in the squad for the competition .
The shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax . He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years, saying he was unsure how quickly the threshold could be raised. Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax – paid by all large firms on their profits – as the Tories have vowed to if they win office. The main rate has been brought down under the Coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent.
Etienne Gould Nunan was finally allowed to go home after spending almost five months in hospital . Too tiny to touch: Etienne was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and went on to develop pneumonia, suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign . Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'. Industry regulator the Financial Conduct Authority found customers were misled or bullied into taking out policies they did not need or did not cover all the problems claimed.
before landing on the west lawn of the US Capitol. Doug Hughes, 61, spoke from his home in Ruskin, Florida, afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date . He is a countryman.' Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of . preliminary hearing on May 8.
The Belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to Burnley. Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Romelu Lukaku (pictured) back in even if he wanted to .
Are they a 'good' person? Tracey says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship . Are they positive and happy most of the time?
A number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked to remove Georgia Davis, 22, from her specially-adapted flat in Aberdare, south Wales. The young woman has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012. French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane. Local traffic also had to be diverted. A 40-strong team of builders, scaffolders and crew from all three emergency services were involved in that incident .
Aljaz Bedene is pictured at his British citizenship ceremony in Hatfield on Tuesday morning . Andy Murray says British players anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking . ‘And he’s obviously the British No 2, comfortably. James Ward (left) and Kyle Edmund should try to use Bedene as motivation to get better as a player .
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion, and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd. But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. Unsightly: Remmie was left with a hazelnut sized scar on the top of her ear following a piercing .
The sweet youngsters are blindfolded and asked to pick their mum out of the group, while their mothers can be seen waiting anxiously to see whether their child would recognise them. Viral: The heart-warming video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times .
Every police force in England and Wales will be required to record anti-Muslim hate crimes and treat them as seriously as anti-Semitic attacks if the Tories win the next General Election, Theresa May has announced. At present some forces, including London’s Metropolitan Police, do record Islamophobic crimes as such. The new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain.
Historic: A previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on Hiroshima is now for sale . They are among a £300,000 archive compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of the Enola Gay B29 bomber, which also includes his flight logs and report of the bombing raid. They are tipped to fetch £130,000.
A senior U.S. official had just held a meeting with Nangarhar's governor at the compound when gunfire erupted, a U.S. Embassy representative said.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old, she explained to The Mighty. But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. Miracle drug: Jean, who was once nearly immobile, completed a 10-mile hike with her husband (pictured) four months after she started taking her DRD medication known as L-Dopa . She is also blogging about her journey on her website.
Married father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa, from Devon, plans to head to Iraq to fight against ISIS . Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists because he does not want his children to see him being executed in a Jihadi John-style video. 'My wife was not impressed when I told her, but she understands.
Carlos Tevez has rocked Juventus by revealing that he wants to leave the club and return to Argentina at the end of the season. Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer .
Gael Monfils celebrates after beating Roger Federer in straight sets at the Monte Carlo Masters . Frenchman Monfils beat the former world No 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller on Thursday in Monaco .
Now an app dubbed 'Project Elysium' claims to do just that by creating a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. Some argue that it can provide real comfort and support in times of grief, while others say it may prevent people from moving on from trauma. Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
She might be well into her eighth decade but Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes. Party pensioner: Bette Carouze, 78, loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out . Mrs Carrouze, who lives in sheltered accommodation complete with pull-cords and assistance in case she falls over, says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth.
will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female, fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian's journey.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew’s friend Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender. Her claims she was forced to sleep with him have now been struck from the court record . The judge ruled the details of the accusations against him had no bearing on the reopening of the lawsuit against Epstein .
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus to complete a return to his former club Boca Juniors in Argentina.
'Look at this ... No chance,' Rory McIlroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old Brad Dalke . Dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world No 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event . The weights work in the gym didn't help McIlroy when he came face-to-face with Dalke . - Committed verbally to Oklahoma University at the age of 12. He was right.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home . Complete with two turrets in the rear, each of the elements fold away into a compact structure . It meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . In the making: Jola is an acrobat who performs all over New Zealand .
The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King, a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham, east London, who retired to Normandy 15 years ago. The alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area. Now prosecutor Carole Etienne has said that Mr King, a keen gardener, may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb. On Wednesday it was reported Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch. Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. Elsewhere in the lawsuit, it is claimed 42-year-old actress Vergara - who got engaged to True Blood hunk Joe Manganiello on Christmas Day after six months of dating - was 'physically and mentally abusive' to Loeb.
Following the discovery, the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors. Following Reuters' report Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments. The Clinton Foundation erroneously reported it had received no funds from governments for three years - even though it previously received millions. ruled out extending the review to tax returns extending back 15 . Separately, the Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI), the . Some experts in charity law and taxes said it was not . while, but for a large, global charity to refile three or four . candidate that it would continue to accept funding from foreign .
Carl Jenkinson (left) says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England . The Aston Villa midfielder (centre right) has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team . Jenkinson's superb form at West Ham this season has propelled him back into the international reckoning, meanwhile. Jenkinson was in the same predicament as Grealish when he had to choose between Finland and England . For now, Jenkinson is focused on revitalising West Ham's season.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger, revealed at its recent f8 conference in San Francisco. Camoji allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them.
Clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting 'where's the bleach' in reference to last week's introduction of new 'emoji' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin. The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
Micha Stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. It is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5lbs (4.3kg), he claims . Curiously, the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible.
12-year-old Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow, and has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving, and is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings by rising 15 places to 22. Meanwhile, England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in Italy last month, while Scotland are up 10 spots to 29. Belgium, who also beat Israel, rise to third for the first time ranked only behind Germany and Argentina . Colombia (3) 5.
The 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department. Families United for Justice was also at the funeral.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che (left) when they accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah (right) Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder after viewers pointed it out on Twitter . Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the mix-up, which was ironic as he was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year .
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon boasted tonight how a brand-new £1billion hospital in Glasgow had been 'entirely funded' by Scottish taxpayers. But by December 2014, more than two out of three NHS hospitals were in the red. This compares with some £10,275 in Scotland.
Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation, an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim. The White House declined on Monday to categorically rule out the occurrence of any wrongdoing but said there's no 'tangible evidence to indicate that it did.' 'I'm not gonna be in a position here, where every time somebody raises a spurious claim...to sit down here and say that it's not true,' President Barack Obama's spokesman, Josh Earnest, said.
McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo, showing the couple's embrace at their May wedding, which has earned more than 2.4 milllion "likes" to date.
Violent: The video captures the 'end of days' band brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a a deadly gunfight . During the footage, you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to 'separate these folks' and talk to them. The officer is then put into a headlock and pulled to the ground as the confrontation gets more violent. Eric Garver, 21, was killed and Cottonwood Police Sgt Jeremy Daniels, 31 was shot . The remaining members of the Gaver family have been jailed, including an 11-year-old and 15-year-old who were sent to a juvenile detention facility.
Ashley Young sweeps home Manchester United's equaliser during a superb personal performance . We wanted to keep our noisy neighbours quiet [laughs] and we quietened them down straight away.' Young also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini to put United into the lead at Old Trafford .
While jiigae can refer to any variety of stews, this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM in all its glazed and gelatinous glory.
Two men who became locked inside an airtight bank vault for six hours had to be dramatically rescued by firefighters using heavy drills. Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness. After their six-hour ordeal, eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. Morris called the local Humane Society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head.
"Do not engage in racial profiling," the training materials read. It is offensive. It diverts us from catching real criminals.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device, move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. The fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold (pictured) and Pearl White.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into the Londis shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool in October last year while the owner, his wife, and their toddler were behind the counter. Munro (left) was jailed for five years at Preston Crown Court for robbery, possessing a firearm and burglary, while Thompson was jailed for three years and four months for robbery and firearms offences .
The gang of robbers attempted to flee on foot along a busy road in a dramatic police chase after holding up a cash and carry . The chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter, that had been following the gang as they tried to escape . They have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court .
As rescue efforts continued throughout the Nepalese capital, more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. Many visitors had already booked return journeys  but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India. The Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu had been briefly shut down yesterday due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting an officer that found him in a toilet cubicle with white powder . In February the disgraced athlete pleaded guilty to manufacturing a border-controlled drug and manufacturing a marketable quantity of methamphetamine that was linked to a Tweed Heads drug ring.
Dead at 91: Real estate mogul and Michigan billionaire A. Alfred Taubman  died on Friday night   at his home after a heart attack . Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain, for which he traveled to Hungary to figure out why the country's sausage was so good. He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant, former chairman of Christie's International, to fix the commissions the auction giants charged. Taubman was fined $7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in Rochester, Minnesota, but long insisted he was innocent and expressed regret for not testifying in his own defense.
Quillin has been away from the ring for a while, but is now ready to recapture his title against Lee .
In a damning report, he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘unorthodox and unacceptable’ way. The coroner also concluded that senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche, aka The Ginger Mourinho, insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor . Dyche has been tipped to replace former England manager Steve McClaren (right) at Derby .
Cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle should he start the remaining seven matches of the campaign. It was Gutierrez’s first start for the Magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer. But the midfielder is one of the very few players currently respected by a disgruntled fanbase who are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs.
Barbara's magic bullet: Monica Lewinsky. During the speech, the 41-year-old former White House intern talked about 'The Price of Fame' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying. A few weeks ago The Talk managed to edge out The View in the Nielsen ratings, but The View has come back to beat out the relative newcomer ever since.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Henry Louis Gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots" because the actor Ben Affleck put pressure on him. He isn't shy about aligning himself with causes and issues. Affleck says, "It gives me a kind of sagging feeling to see, uh, a biological relationship to that.
The Bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith, who have travelled across the US to photograph the monuments . The concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed the swimmer's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat . Former police inspector Neville Hackett (centre) said that his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago . Hackett had been adamant he had not even launched a comeback after entering the 2015 national titles.
The two famous wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar. After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious. Prior to the showdown event, other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats. Wrestling's popularity in the north-western African country make it a lucrative business.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident. Tracy Morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on Monday, almost a year after his horrific auto accident . Morgan was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven (above) for a shopping trip in new Jersey . Roper recently asked a judge to delay Morgan's lawsuit against Wal-Mart until his criminal case in New Jersey is settled.
'We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. Jobs were lost out of the Brisbane 4BC office, and at Magic 1278 IS Brisbane.
Manchester City have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double. But the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package.
One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio. In recent decades, the street gathering has morphed into a sort of costume circus - including pet dogs.
Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a 'really, really reem guy' before boarding a boat and heading out to sea . Mr Farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine. Essex, who famously admitted on TV that he cannot tell the time, used to work at Billingsgate fish market.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's wine from their French vineyard has gone on sale in a British supermarket for the first time after winning rave reviews from critics. The 2014 Miraval Rose is available in selected M&S stores now. Helping Pitt and Jolie take over the vineyard (pictured) was Marc Perrin, a famous Provence winemaker .
Mario Balotelli has only scored once in the Premier League since his switch to Liverpool last summer . The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season and Sampdoria want to sign him . Ferrero said: 'I’d sign him.
Kyle Iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter.
Virgin Australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . The Virgin Australia package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . Virgin's food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey .
For those who would rather board unseen, there is a helipad and helicopter storage as well as space for a submarine . According to Tony Castro Design, the superyacht costs approximately 40million euros (around £29million/$43million) to build, which means it is likely to cost even more to purchase. And of course, there are all the other luxurious finishing touches you would expect to find on board.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. 'Sopranos' ending? He picks a song on the jukebox: Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'."
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May after cancelling the contract of Younis Khan. Pujara, who boasts nearly 9,000 first-class runs, will turn out for Yorkshire until Australian Aaron Finch is free of Indian Premier League commitments with Mumbai Indians.
Tragedy: Efan James, who was described as 'well cared-for and loved', was sharing a bed with his mother Hannah James (pictured together) when he died in his sleep last October . ‘It suggests that it’s okay to go to sleep with your baby if you are not very tired. Inquest: Mr Layton recorded an open conclusion and said Efan's death could not be explained on pathological grounds - but a pathologist said it was typical of Sudden Unexpected Infant Death or 'cot death'
(CNN)The new emojis are here! Rather they are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity, sexual orientation, race or even hair color is part of mainstream America -- despite what others might say. But that has all changed. Of course the bigger question in the whole diverse-emoji issue is: What took Apple so long? Maybe "religious liberty" conservatives who discriminate will follow.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania, who already work in the UK, are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country. The vacancy crisis will re-ignite claims that Britain’s generous welfare system has created a generation unwilling to work, while acting as a magnet for foreigners.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
Betheny Coyne, from Wigan, Lancashire, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb ', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family, and will be getting married in February next year.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband. 'I'm 38 weeks pregnant, and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter, and with my 18-month old son watching his mother be assaulted, and him screaming in fear,' Robinson said to WFAA. Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing bruising.
Carlos Bacca slams home the early penalty after Vitolo had been brought down by Neto after five minute . Then, when Brazilian forward Hulk hit a speculative, but not overly threatening shot from 40 yards, Beto could only flap it over his own line, turning the tie on its head and sending it towards extra time. Salomon Rondon, whose goal got Zenit back in the tie, was starved of service for long periods of the game .
Woman charged with having sex with a dog has lashed out at a photographer and hit him over the head . Police found the videos of Ms Driscoll allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in October. She fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to previously appear on April 7 .
Christian Benteke heads Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute of the game . Villa midfielder Carlos Sanchez was sent off for committing a second bookable offence in the final exchanges against Tottenham .
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday . Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage. Marshals has said the shocking footage 'is being reviewed', while the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating .
These meals will be served for one weekend only at London's latest eatery, The Curious Canine Kitchen, a 'holistic restaurant for four-legged friends'. All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru where Ms Mason regularly volunteers.
Patients’ lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival, experts have warned. Sepsis, previously known as septicaemia, affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000 – more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined. The study of 23 patients with sepsis at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary revealed just one in ten had their lactate levels tested.
Aaron Cresswell has proved a good fit for the Premier League since signing for West Ham in July 2014 . Will he follow in the footsteps of Cresswell,  Clyne, and so on?
Ed, Ed Miliband: In an attempt to make the Labour leader look cool, Twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men, including Daniel Craig as James Bond in movie Casino Royale .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali . Madison Square Garden, New York . March 8, 1971 . Smokin’ Joe was the undefeated two-belt champion but it was this proud black man’s bizarre adoption by America’s conservative right which stoked the fires of society still further. Ali rose to his feet.
The striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark (pictured), perhaps proving that they are instinctively frightened of it . It’s thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators’ jaws, because they confuse larger creatures.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang in a visit filmed by North Korean Central TV. It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the North Korean dictator, aged 32 .
It's a moral position taken by Pope Francis, actor George Clooney and even by the Kardashians. And now, as was the case with Bush, Obama regards Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- as a more crucial ally than Armenia.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK.
She recently ate three. The 80-pound Doberman, whom her owners describe as "more goofy than scary," had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents. Her breeder wondered if the dog was acting out of anxiety.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest. And above all, no violence. The peacemakers -- clergy, Gray's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters' way.
Brandon Wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, on January 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light. Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor. It has emerged months later after Griffith claims she found it in the 'Recently Deleted' folder of her cell phone.
The pressure is on Carlo Ancelotti and Real Madrid when Atletico Madrid visit the Bernabeu on Sunday . Ancelotti reportedly told Diego Simeone that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico weren't around . Real Madrid have struggled against Atletico in recent years and were beaten 4-0 in La Liga in February . The Champions League quarter-final first leg finished 0-0 after a physical game at the Vicente Calderon .
It was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . The map shows a dramatic rise in the number of UFO sightings during the 1950s and 1960s. Mr Watson said: ‘With the coming of the internet it is easier for people to report UFO sightings and this is probably one reason for a rise in sightings.
The video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett on April 11. Bodycam footage released this week shows a police officer in Sand Springs, Oklahoma, fatally shooting a man . All the recordings have been turned over to the Tulsa County District Attorney's Office.
Shocking: The little girl claims she is firing the machine gun at 'Daesh', the Arabic name for ISIS . Kill: She tells the man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far, as he encourages her to kill more . Feared: The Kurdish are famous for their female fighters, who have been key to driving ISIS out .
And boss Tim Cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device. The half-price Watch discounts apply from Friday and will last for 90 days.
The police and the U.S. Justice Department are investigating. In this case, Mr. Gray took off running. It will be harder to hold them liable if Gray's injuries happened after -- not before -- his arrest.
The frustrated elephant attempts to squirt water on the bull which has wandered too close for comfort . According to the Kruger National Park website, the area is home to 147 different types of mammals, 507 birds, 114 reptiles and 34 amphibians.
Speaking from the window of the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican, Pope Francis asked for 'concrete participation and tangible help in defense and protection of our brothers and our sisters, who are persecuted, exiled, slain, beheaded, solely for being Christian.' On Thursday militant Islamist group al-Shabab attacked the Garissa University, killing 148 people.
(CNN)ESPN suspended reporter Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced Thursday. The sports network announced her suspension on Twitter. McHenry is based in Washington and the incident happened across the Potomac River in Arlington.
Video from the patrol car of North Charleston's Michael Slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott. The two men speak. Slager has been fired and charged with murder. Who was Walter Scott?
The Eagles striker has scored five in five games since returning from a serious knee injury . Pardew believes he is reaping the rewards of Murray being given a chance to find his feet at Reading earlier this season.
They just gave him some water, which ultimately caused the child to die.' Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission. Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the death, said police . Last month, police went to the home on March 26 in Balch Springs to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed, according to CBS. Meza and her husband are pastors who presided over the church services held at the residence  and also lived there along with other families including that of the two-year-old boy, according to WFAA.
Ramsey was handed the manager’s job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February. Chris Ramsey insists he's happy at Queens Park Rangers and will stay at the club for as long as they want him . I want to stay at QPR, I’m really happy. The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game, with aspirations of getting the full-time job . Reports suggest that Ramsey could link up with friend Tim Sherwood (left) at Aston Villa in the summer .
Americans have picked Diana and Elizabeth as their favourite names if the royal baby is in fact a girl. A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl (picture posed by model) According to a new survey by the University Of Southern California, American are five times less interested in the new royal baby than they were with George.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. Captain John Terry works hard to ensure everybody at Chelsea is heading in the same direction . Allen believes Birmingham City manager Gary Rowett is going to go all the way to the top . One thing I’d change about… perceptions in football .
In the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people, CEO Wayne LaPierre celebrated the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate as evidence of the group's political clout.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'. The request was denied for an unknown reason. The oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, which was released on Thursday. The report also raises concerns about the security at other former presidents' homes, but has redacted their names.
But a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from Seward, Nebraska in the hospital, and it seemed like there was no chance she'd make it to her special night. The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown, and her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother - and on realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed'. Mr Quinn gave Mohammed a cash reward to thank him - in an envelope marked 'to my best friend in the world' - and has even invited him and his wife to his home for a family meal.
A GP has warned the health service is at 'breaking point' as he faces the challenge of providing a safe standard of care for 4,300 patients on his books. Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue, adding they are exploring a number of options. 'We cover a rural area from two sites so it is now going to prove incredibly difficult to provide a realistic, safe service for our patients, but we will endeavour to do so.'
But now Bill Gates, the billionaire founder of Microsoft and philanthropist, has said it may in fact be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet. He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated. Cattle, like those above, and other livestock produce more greenhouse gas globally than transport emissions .
ARSENAL . CHELSEA . MANCHESTER CITY . Expect City to make their move early in the transfer window. Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola is believed to be keen on Sterling and could make a move for him .
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi, wears the exact same ‘uniform’ – an outfit made up of black trousers, white shirt and a custom leather rosette – every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only.' She found her sartorial salvation in the form of 15 identical white silk blouses and several pairs of simple black trousers. She does however admit that she has had to re-stock her collection of white shirts - because the 15 that she bought originally have become so worn out that she is no longer able to wear them.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January. Today he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court.
Manchester CIty are considering making a move for Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere this summer . Jordan Henderson is also a possibility for Manchester City as the club look for homegrown youngsters .
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship, North Korea's Ocean Maritime Management company, has skirted United Nations sanctions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth. While surgical removal of the reproductive organs solves the immediate problem, it also ends fertility, and with three months of recovery needed, it is no quick fix. Now, a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly. He is one of a growing number of surgeons who claim not enough women are offered the alternative: a half-hour keyhole procedure that uses an implanted mesh ‘sling’ made from nylon to lift and hold the womb back in place, providing a permanent solution to a prolapse and preserving fertility.
Three Federal Court judges ruled that Vella, 61 - who is regularly described as a millionaire businessman - be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the Rebels bikie gang president's visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. The Federal Court this week banned him from Australia and police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing . Sometimes referred to as 'the Maltese Falcon', he has four sons, says he donates generously to charities and is a regular churchgoer. The Attero task force sees him differently, according to court documents. 'Alessio Emanuel Vella has been the National President of the Rebels MC since 1973.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on February 13. Norfolk Crown Court heard that officers also recovered a knife.
The defiant 61-year-old former Prime Minister said he had ‘decades’ still in him and joked that he would ‘turn to drink’ if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles. Mr Blair said he himself had been ‘mentored’ by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'. If the 12 jurors decide Holmes was insane at the time of the shooting, he will avoid prison and be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital .
The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool after breaking into the first team this season . Rodgers says Ibe, 19, has looked ‘absolutely sensational’ after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks and he could come straight back into the starting line-up against Newcastle on Monday night. Daniel Sturridge is yet to rediscover his best form since returning from a lengthy injury lay off .
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor window of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan at 8.30am yesterday morning. He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel, near the Rockefeller Center, and was pronounced dead at the scene. Tax adviser Duncan Hodgetts (pictured), from Birmingham, West Midlands, worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young .
Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans. Though bleak, the 15.7percent figure found by the researchers, is dramatically lower than a widely quoted statistic that 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under 'financial stress' within two years of leaving the league. This, despite the fact that the average player makes $3.2million over the course of a career.
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. The man apparently says he did his basic training in North Carolina. The young man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in Fort Benning, Georgia and not Miami. On YouTube Coins describes the incident writing: 'This guy was trying to pick up girls and get sympathy drinks in a battle ready uniform which wasn't even on properly let alone, wearing it at a bar.
Jailed bigamist Andrew O'Clee, 36, may have been on the prowl for wife number three after a dating profile matching his description was discovered, pictured outside Chichester Crown Court . A web profile apparently matching that of ‘shameless liar’ Andrew O’Clee, 36, has been spotted on a dating site, where he claimed to be ‘looking for a relationship’. O’Clee, of Chiddingfold, Surrey, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy on Tuesday.
England flanker James Haskell dressed in Iron Man costume and posted it on his Instagram page . The London Wasps captain (middle) returned to the club where he started his career for the 2012 season .
Germany's Angelique Kerber came from a set down to outmuscle Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday and win the Stuttgart Grand Prix for her second title of the season. Kerber falls to the ground in celebration after the German clinches victory in Stuttgart .
"No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change," the President told me.
Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. Gov.
Diego Simeone shows off his playing skills as he prepare Atletico Madrid for their Champions League clash . Never mind that last year’s title will not be repeated this season. Ronaldo scored the fourth goal in Real Madrid's win over their rivals in last year's Champions League final . Mandzukic has patched up his relationship with Simeone and will play ahead of Fernando Torres on Tuesday .
Church of England schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor, a group of vicars has claimed. They say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby. But the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school, which are often high-performing.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club. Charged with leading the club back to the Premiership from the bottom tier, McCoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week while his 12-month notice period runs down.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time. I'm happy and relieved that this terrible period of uncertainty and sadness has been brought to an end,' Koenders said.
He was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. Arango (right) earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his Club Tijuana team level against Monterrey .
Jose Mourinho makes a point to Oscar and his Brazilian team-mate Willian during a game at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid . The Brazilian midfielder has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games . Here is the record in full.
Ho Chi Minh City has just been named one of the fastest growing in the world among the super-rich, according to a new report. Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth as far as multi-millionaires calling the city home . Hong Kong - 15,400 multi-millionaire residents .
An Alabama inmate who spent nearly 30 years on death row will go free on Friday after prosecutors told a court there is not enough evidence to link him to the 1985 murders he was convicted of committing. 'He was a poor person who was convicted because he didn't have the money to prove his innocence at trial.
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in the Boston Marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events . It will take place this Monday, April 20. O'Toole said the sentencing phase of the trial - in which . witnesses will again be called to the stand - is expected to . take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations.
(CNN)The verdict of the opinion polls on the UK election debate between seven party leaders was simple enough: Between David Cameron of the Conservatives, Ed Miliband of Labour, Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats, Nigel Farage of the United Kingdom Independence Party, Natalie Bennett of the Green Party, Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party and Leanne Wood of Plaid Cymru, the Welsh Nationalists, there really was no clear winner.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 in one month . Now, the 32-year-old’s second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of its release.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
But now it seems their final resting place may have at last been discovered, after 'dozens' of ID cards belonging to the army cadets were found at the late dictator's presidential compound last Wednesday. We couldn't prevent ourselves from breaking down in tears.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, said Rassol Omar, a commander in the Peshmerga force that defends  northern Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region.
Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United after it emerged that chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday over the striker’s future. But Woodward told Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev last Sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season. Under the terms of the loan United would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but Monaco are willing to negotiate .
That hasn’t always been the case during the Spaniard’s debut season at Old Trafford. Between October 20 and February 17, Herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad. Ander Herrera, pictured with Juan Mata, netted a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against Aston Villa .
Only a few kilometers away, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus in Garissa, a town in northeastern Kenya. The Kenyan Interior Ministry has said at least one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack on the university was also Kenyan.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch. Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. Elsewhere in the lawsuit, it is claimed 42-year-old actress Vergara - who got engaged to True Blood hunk Joe Manganiello on Christmas Day after six months of dating - was 'physically and mentally abusive' to Loeb.
Kotto, who starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die, said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed on the big screen as such. Hackney-born Idris Elba (pictured) has been tipped to replace Daniel Craig as the next James Bond actor .
(CNN)About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas. Devastating winds lashed cars and homes. The heavy flooding prompted school and college closures and disruptions to public transportation.
City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday, 24 hours ahead of Sunday's clash at Old Trafford. The Chilean, whose side have slipped into fourth place, also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR. The mother of two died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW . ‘She is a special soul and I simply cannot express the love we had together,' Mr Swarbrick said .
(CNN)Pop star Taylor Swift, who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life, revealed some sobering news Thursday: Her mother has cancer. "The results came in, and I'm saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago . Which managers have the most faith in young, English talent?
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. But he said the infestation had actually saved Mr Lanh's life by eating the infected tissue.
The SNP would use its role in Westminster to bolster support ahead of next year's Scottish Parliament elections, when it will put independence back on the agenda, Sir John said. The SNP leader added: 'John Major's comments are silly, over the top and frankly they don't show him in a particularly good light.
Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder. Now, as the details of that night unfold, investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami. In the shooting, Jean was shot dead . On the night of Jean's death they are said to have driven to a house to buy marijuana on Monday March 30 with their friend Jean met at a dance festival, 17-year-old Joshua White. Gunfire erupted soon after they entered, though Marc was in the car at the time . Anthony Rodriguez (above) was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession .
Kellogg’s, which makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families, uses a complex web of companies to do business here. The latest figures show Kellogg’s effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013, as payments to HMRC by some of its offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner's daughter on Saturday . Police were reportedly called to the Union St dairy, in east Christchurch at about 12.30pm, after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the dairy owner's daughter.
And the poll found that bullying by parents is on the rise, accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year. The survey, by teachers’ union NASUWT, reveals a disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using Facebook and Twitter to intimidate staff. Of those harassed online by parents, 15 per cent had threats made against them, compared to seven per cent in 2014.
Jordan Brennan was attacked in September last year, as he left his local shop. At Manchester Crown Court in March, the killer, now 17, was jailed for eight months. Jordan's mum, Kim, says the killer's eight month sentence is an insult to her son's memory .
His super car park will have two basement floors and six above ground, to include offices, bathrooms and three triple-bedroom flats for the drivers. Obviously it will be a lot more if he’s planning to cover it in marble.’
(CNN)Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains, from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley, on Thursday and Friday, the National Weather Service said.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com . Mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com .
Miss Nigam would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety. Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life - which is how she ultimately died. The teenager was struck by a train in February last year at Twyford railway station (pictured) in Berkshire .
She said at about 6am that her son was having a CT scan because the 'left side of his body is not moving' and he was 'having trouble answering questions'. The boy's grandfather, Hall of Fame college men's basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian, died in February, aged 84 .
But after reading their congratulations notices, they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college. New iniatitive: The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE, pictured) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the flagship university .
A day after hitting into the water and bogeying the 18th for a 73, Ko made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep another long streak going. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
The party-loving girlfriend of footballer Johnny Manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab. On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends . 'Significant others are the #1 reason that people fail outside rehab.
Some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the British Chiropractic Association said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28 per cent last year. As gadgets get smaller, users lean over them more, putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth (artist's illustration shown). The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from .
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33, whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, located near Picton, south west of Sydney. He claimed his co-accused, Evans, was the one who had a 'twisted desire to kill' and he had only helped bury Ms Ayers' body. Courthouse: Duffy's co-accused Evans, who has plead guilty to murder,  will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial .
Offered at the upmarket Hale Clinic in London and other clinics nationwide, the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. I can see my jawline for the first time in a while, and my skin looks plumper and pink, rather than white.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds as the Brooklyn Nets beat a weakened Portland Trail Blazers on Monday in the only game on the NBA schedule. Damian Lillard scored 36 points for the Trail Blazers, who had won two in a row.
But hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building. The two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in China is being rolled every day on giant metal 'wheels' The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to 'roll' it .
