Principalities are either hereditary, in which the family has been long established; or they are new. The new are either entirely new, as was Milan to Francesco Sforza, or they are, as it were, members annexed to the hereditary state of the prince who has acquired them, as was the kingdom of Naples to that of the King of Spain. Such dominions thus acquired are either accustomed to live under a prince, or to live in freedom; and are acquired either by the arms of the prince himself, or of others, or else by fortune or by ability. The general reasons for the first have been discussed; it remains to name those for the second, and to see what resources he had, and what any one in his situation would have had for maintaining himself more securely in his acquisition than did the King of France. And the usual course of affairs is that, as soon as a powerful foreigner enters a country, all the subject states are drawn to him, moved by the hatred which they feel against the ruling power. The Romans, in the countries which they annexed, observed closely these measures; they sent colonies and maintained friendly relations with(*) the minor powers, without increasing their strength; they kept down the greater, and did not allow any strong foreign powers to gain authority. Therefore, the Romans, foreseeing troubles, dealt with them at once, and, even to avoid a war, would not let them come to a head, for they knew that war is not to be avoided, but is only to be put off to the advantage of others; moreover they wished to fight with Philip and Antiochus in Greece so as not to have to do it in Italy; they could have avoided both, but this they did not wish; nor did that ever please them which is forever in the mouths of the wise ones of our time:--Let us enjoy the benefits of the time--but rather the benefits of their own valour and prudence, for time drives everything before it, and is able to bring with it good as well as evil, and evil as well as good. King Louis was brought into Italy by the ambition of the Venetians, who desired to obtain half the state of Lombardy by his intervention. Therefore Louis made these five errors: he destroyed the minor powers, he increased the strength of one of the greater powers in Italy, he brought in a foreign power, he did not settle in the country, he did not send colonies. Which errors, had he lived, were not enough to injure him had he not made a sixth by taking away their dominions from the Venetians; because, had he not aggrandized the Church, nor brought Spain into Italy, it would have been very reasonable and necessary to humble them; but having first taken these steps, he ought never to have consented to their ruin, for they, being powerful, would always have kept off others from designs on Lombardy, to which the Venetians would never have consented except to become masters themselves there; also because the others would not wish to take Lombardy from France in order to give it to the Venetians, and to run counter to both they would not have had the courage.
The examples of these two governments in our time are the Turk and the King of France. The causes of the difficulties in seizing the kingdom of the Turk are that the usurper cannot be called in by the princes of the kingdom, nor can he hope to be assisted in his designs by the revolt of those whom the lord has around him. But it is impossible to hold with such tranquillity states constituted like that of France. Whenever those states which have been acquired as stated have been accustomed to live under their own laws and in freedom, there are three courses for those who wish to hold them: the first is to ruin them, the next is to reside there in person, the third is to permit them to live under their own laws, drawing a tribute, and establishing within it an oligarchy which will keep it friendly to you. There are, for example, the Spartans and the Romans. The Spartans held Athens and Thebes, establishing there an oligarchy; nevertheless they lost them. The Romans, in order to hold Capua, Carthage, and Numantia, dismantled them, and did not lose them. And he who becomes master of a city accustomed to freedom and does not destroy it, may expect to be destroyed by it, for in rebellion it has always the watchword of liberty and its ancient privileges as a rallying point, which neither time nor benefits will ever cause it to forget. For this reason they are very slow to take up arms, and a prince can gain them to himself and secure them much more easily. A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by great men, and to imitate those who have been supreme, so that if his ability does not equal theirs, at least it will savour of it. But to come to those who, by their own ability and not through fortune, have risen to be princes, I say that Moses, Cyrus, Romulus, Theseus, and such like are the most excellent examples. foundations) and correspondencies or relations with other      states--a common meaning of "correspondence" and      "correspondency" in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Concerning these two methods of rising to be a prince by ability or fortune, I wish to adduce two examples within our own recollection, and these are Francesco Sforza(*) and Cesare Borgia. On the other hand, Cesare Borgia, called by the people Duke Valentino, acquired his state during the ascendancy of his father, and on its decline he lost it, notwithstanding that he had taken every measure and done all that ought to be done by a wise and able man to fix firmly his roots in the states which the arms and fortunes of others had bestowed on him. Firstly, he did not see his way to make him master of any state that was not a state of the Church; and if he was willing to rob the Church he knew that the Duke of Milan and the Venetians would not consent, because Faenza and Rimini were already under the protection of the Venetians. Therefore the king came into Italy with the assistance of the Venetians and the consent of Alexander. After this he awaited an opportunity to crush the Orsini, having scattered the adherents of the Colonna house. From this sprung the rebellion at Urbino and the tumults in the Romagna, with endless dangers to the duke, all of which he overcame with the help of the French. (*) Having exterminated the leaders, and turned their partisans into his friends, the duke laid sufficiently good foundations to his power, having all the Romagna and the Duchy of Urbino; and the people now beginning to appreciate their prosperity, he gained them all over to himself. But as to the future he had to fear, in the first place, that a new successor to the Church might not be friendly to him and might seek to take from him that which Alexander had given him, so he decided to act in four ways. Fourthly, by acquiring so much power before the Pope should die that he could by his own measures resist the first shock. And as he had no longer to study France (for the French were already driven out of the kingdom of Naples by the Spaniards, and in this way both were compelled to buy his goodwill), he pounced down upon Pisa. Therefore, the duke erred in his choice, and it was the cause of his ultimate ruin.
One morning he assembled the people and the senate of Syracuse, as if he had to discuss with them things relating to the Republic, and at a given signal the soldiers killed all the senators and the richest of the people; these dead, he seized and held the princedom of that city without any civil commotion. Some may wonder how it can happen that Agathocles, and his like, after infinite treacheries and cruelties, should live for long secure in his country, and defend himself from external enemies, and never be conspired against by his own citizens; seeing that many others, by means of cruelty, have never been able even in peaceful times to hold the state, still less in the doubtful times of war. Hence it is to be remarked that, in seizing a state, the usurper ought to examine closely into all those injuries which it is necessary for him to inflict, and to do them all at one stroke so as not to have to repeat them daily; and thus by not unsettling men he will be able to reassure them, and win them to himself by benefits. I say then that such a principality is obtained either by the favour of the people or by the favour of the nobles. Because in all cities these two distinct parties are found, and from this it arises that the people do not wish to be ruled nor oppressed by the nobles, and the nobles wish to rule and oppress the people; and from these two opposite desires there arises in cities one of three results, either a principality, self-government, or anarchy. The people, finding they cannot resist the nobles, also cry up the reputation of one of themselves, and make him a prince so as to be defended by his authority. But one who, in opposition to the people, becomes a prince by the favour of the nobles, ought, above everything, to seek to win the people over to himself, and this he may easily do if he takes them under his protection. And do not let any one impugn this statement with the trite proverb that "He who builds on the people, builds on the mud," for this is true when a private citizen makes a foundation there, and persuades himself that the people will free him when he is oppressed by his enemies or by the magistrates; wherein he would find himself very often deceived, as happened to the Gracchi in Rome and to Messer Giorgio Scali(+) in Florence.
And beyond this, to keep the people quiet and without loss to the state, they always have the means of giving work to the community in those labours that are the life and strength of the city, and on the pursuit of which the people are supported; they also hold military exercises in repute, and moreover have many ordinances to uphold them. Therefore, a prince who has a strong city, and had not made himself odious, will not be attacked, or if any one should attack he will only be driven off with disgrace; again, because that the affairs of this world are so changeable, it is almost impossible to keep an army a whole year in the field without being interfered with. For it is the nature of men to be bound by the benefits they confer as much as by those they receive.
Such principalities only are secure and happy. To restrain the Venetians the union of all the others was necessary, as it was for the defence of Ferrara; and to keep down the Pope they made use of the barons of Rome, who, being divided into two factions, Orsini and Colonnesi, had always a pretext for disorder, and, standing with arms in their hands under the eyes of the Pontiff, kept the pontificate weak and powerless. Such things Julius not only followed, but improved upon, and he intended to gain Bologna, to ruin the Venetians, and to drive the French out of Italy. All of these enterprises prospered with him, and so much the more to his credit, inasmuch as he did everything to strengthen the Church and not any private person. For these reasons his Holiness Pope Leo(*) found the pontificate most powerful, and it is to be hoped that, if others made it great in arms, he will make it still greater and more venerated by his goodness and infinite other virtues.
We have seen above how necessary it is for a prince to have his foundations well laid, otherwise it follows of necessity he will go to ruin. The chief foundations of all states, new as well as old or composite, are good laws and good arms; and as there cannot be good laws where the state is not well armed, it follows that where they are well armed they have good laws. I say, therefore, that the arms with which a prince defends his state are either his own, or they are mercenaries, auxiliaries, or mixed. "The      History of Henry VII," by Lord Bacon: "King Charles had      conquered the realm of Naples, and lost it again, in a kind      of a felicity of a dream. Of ancient mercenaries, for example, there are the Carthaginians, who were oppressed by their mercenary soldiers after the first war with the Romans, although the Carthaginians had their own citizens for captains. --      Machiavelli. ($) Battle of Vaila in 1509. From the school of this man sprang, among others, Braccio and Sforza, who in their time were the arbiters of Italy. I shall never hesitate to cite Cesare Borgia and his actions. The armies of the French have thus become mixed, partly mercenary and partly national, both of which arms together are much better than mercenaries alone or auxiliaries alone, but much inferior to one's own forces. And one's own forces are those which are composed either of subjects, citizens, or dependents; all others are mercenaries or auxiliaries. And the first cause of your losing it is to neglect this art; and what enables you to acquire a state is to be master of the art. He ought never, therefore, to have out of his thoughts this subject of war, and in peace he should addict himself more to its exercise than in war; this he can do in two ways, the one by action, the other by study. But to exercise the intellect the prince should read histories, and study there the actions of illustrious men, to see how they have borne themselves in war, to examine the causes of their victories and defeat, so as to avoid the latter and imitate the former; and above all do as an illustrious man did, who took as an exemplar one who had been praised and famous before him, and whose achievements and deeds he always kept in his mind, as it is said Alexander the Great imitated Achilles, Caesar Alexander, Scipio Cyrus.
Hence it is necessary for a prince wishing to hold his own to know how to do wrong, and to make use of it or not according to necessity. And I know that every one will confess that it would be most praiseworthy in a prince to exhibit all the above qualities that are considered good; but because they can neither be entirely possessed nor observed, for human conditions do not permit it, it is necessary for him to be sufficiently prudent that he may know how to avoid the reproach of those vices which would lose him his state; and also to keep himself, if it be possible, from those which would not lose him it; but this not being possible, he may with less hesitation abandon himself to them.
Therefore, any one wishing to maintain among men the name of liberal is obliged to avoid no attribute of magnificence; so that a prince thus inclined will consume in such acts all his property, and will be compelled in the end, if he wish to maintain the name of liberal, to unduly weigh down his people, and tax them, and do everything he can to get money. A prince, therefore, provided that he has not to rob his subjects, that he can defend himself, that he does not become poor and abject, that he is not forced to become rapacious, ought to hold of little account a reputation for being mean, for it is one of those vices which will enable him to govern. In the first case he ought to be sparing, in the second he ought not to neglect any opportunity for liberality. And a prince should guard himself, above all things, against being despised and hated; and liberality leads you to both.
(*) Therefore a prince, so long as he keeps his subjects united and loyal, ought not to mind the reproach of cruelty; because with a few examples he will be more merciful than those who, through too much mercy, allow disorders to arise, from which follow murders or robberies; for these are wont to injure the whole people, whilst those executions which originate with a prince offend the individual only. Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved? It may be answered that one should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved, when, of the two, either must be dispensed with. For this he was upbraided in the Senate by Fabius Maximus, and called the corrupter of the Roman soldiery. Returning to the question of being feared or loved, I come to the conclusion that, men loving according to their own will and fearing according to that of the prince, a wise prince should establish himself on that which is in his own control and not in that of others; he must endeavour only to avoid hatred, as is noted.
And one of the most efficacious remedies that a prince can have against conspiracies is not to be hated and despised by the people, for he who conspires against a prince always expects to please them by his removal; but when the conspirator can only look forward to offending them, he will not have the courage to take such a course, for the difficulties that confront a conspirator are infinite.
Therefore, as I have said, a new prince in a new principality has always distributed arms. But when a prince acquires a new state, which he adds as a province to his old one, then it is necessary to disarm the men of that state, except those who have been his adherents in acquiring it; and these again, with time and opportunity, should be rendered soft and effeminate; and matters should be managed in such a way that all the armed men in the state shall be your own soldiers who in your old state were living near you. For this reason many consider that a wise prince, when he has the opportunity, ought with craft to foster some animosity against himself, so that, having crushed it, his renown may rise higher. Princes, especially new ones, have found more fidelity and assistance in those men who in the beginning of their rule were distrusted than among those who in the beginning were trusted. And weighing well the reasons for this in those examples which can be taken from ancient and modern affairs, we shall find that it is easier for the prince to make friends of those men who were contented under the former government, and are therefore his enemies, than of those who, being discontented with it, were favourable to him and encouraged him to seize it. Fortresses, therefore, are useful or not according to circumstances; if they do you good in one way they injure you in another. And this question can be reasoned thus: the prince who has more to fear from the people than from foreigners ought to build fortresses, but he who has more to fear from foreigners than from the people ought to leave them alone. For this reason the best possible fortress is--not to be hated by the people, because, although you may hold the fortresses, yet they will not save you if the people hate you, for there will never be wanting foreigners to assist a people who have taken arms against you. But fortresses were of little value to her afterwards when Cesare Borgia attacked her, and when the people, her enemy, were allied with foreigners. Nothing makes a prince so much esteemed as great enterprises and setting a fine example. We have in our time Ferdinand of Aragon, the present King of Spain. Further, always using religion as a plea, so as to undertake greater schemes, he devoted himself with pious cruelty to driving out and clearing his kingdom of the Moors; nor could there be a more admirable example, nor one more rare. And his actions have arisen in such a way, one out of the other, that men have never been given time to work steadily against him. And here it is to be noted that a prince ought to take care never to make an alliance with one more powerful than himself for the purposes of attacking others, unless necessity compels him, as is said above; because if he conquers you are at his discretion, and princes ought to avoid as much as possible being at the discretion of any one. Further, he ought to entertain the people with festivals and spectacles at convenient seasons of the year; and as every city is divided into guilds or into societies,(*) he ought to hold such bodies in esteem, and associate with them sometimes, and show himself an example of courtesy and liberality; nevertheless, always maintaining the majesty of his rank, for this he must never consent to abate in anything. The      guilds of Florence are most admirably described by Mr      Edgcumbe Staley in his work on the subject (Methuen, 1906). The choice of servants is of no little importance to a prince, and they are good or not according to the discrimination of the prince. Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehended; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless. This arose because of his following a practice the opposite to the above; for the emperor is a secretive man--he does not communicate his designs to any one, nor does he receive opinions on them. And if there are some who think that a prince who conveys an impression of his wisdom is not so through his own ability, but through the good advisers that he has around him, beyond doubt they are deceived, because this is an axiom which never fails: that a prince who is not wise himself will never take good advice, unless by chance he has yielded his affairs entirely to one person who happens to be a very prudent man. Each of the counsellors will think of his own interests, and the prince will not know how to control them or to see through them. Therefore it must be inferred that good counsels, whencesoever they come, are born of the wisdom of the prince, and not the wisdom of the prince from good counsels. In the absence of these defects states that have power enough to keep an army in the field cannot be lost. Nevertheless, not to extinguish our free will, I hold it to be true that Fortune is the arbiter of one-half of our actions,(*) but that she still leaves us to direct the other half, or perhaps a little less. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. (*) Giuliano de Medici. He had just been created a cardinal      by Leo X. And these are the kind of improvements which confer reputation and power upon a new prince. What Italian would refuse him homage?
The new are either entirely new, as was Milan to Francesco Sforza, or they are, as it were, members annexed to the hereditary state of the prince who has acquired them, as was the kingdom of Naples to that of the King of Spain.
In doing so I will keep to the order indicated above, and discuss how such principalities are to be ruled and preserved. I say at once there are fewer difficulties in holding hereditary states, and those long accustomed to the family of their prince, than new ones; for it is sufficient only not to transgress the customs of his ancestors, and to deal prudently with circumstances as they arise, for a prince of average powers to maintain himself in his state, unless he be deprived of it by some extraordinary and excessive force; and if he should be so deprived of it, whenever anything sinister happens to the usurper, he will regain it.
 But the difficulties occur in a new principality. In this way you have enemies in all those whom you have injured in seizing that principality, and you are not able to keep those friends who put you there because of your not being able to satisfy them in the way they expected, and you cannot take strong measures against them, feeling bound to them. Thus to cause France to lose Milan the first time it was enough for the Duke Lodovico(*) to raise insurrections on the borders; but to cause him to lose it a second time it was necessary to bring the whole world against him, and that his armies should be defeated and driven out of Italy; which followed from the causes above mentioned. The general reasons for the first have been discussed; it remains to name those for the second, and to see what resources he had, and what any one in his situation would have had for maintaining himself more securely in his acquisition than did the King of France. But in maintaining armed men there in place of colonies one spends much more, having to consume on the garrison all the income from the state, so that the acquisition turns into a loss, and many more are exasperated, because the whole state is injured; through the shifting of the garrison up and down all become acquainted with hardship, and all become hostile, and they are enemies who, whilst beaten on their own ground, are yet able to do hurt. The Romans were brought into Greece by the Aetolians; and in every other country where they obtained a footing they were brought in by the inhabitants. He has only to take care that they do not get hold of too much power and too much authority, and then with his own forces, and with their goodwill, he can easily keep down the more powerful of them, so as to remain entirely master in the country. Greece appears to me sufficient for an example. Therefore, the Romans, foreseeing troubles, dealt with them at once, and, even to avoid a war, would not let them come to a head, for they knew that war is not to be avoided, but is only to be put off to the advantage of others; moreover they wished to fight with Philip and Antiochus in Greece so as not to have to do it in Italy; they could have avoided both, but this they did not wish; nor did that ever please them which is forever in the mouths of the wise ones of our time:--Let us enjoy the benefits of the time--but rather the benefits of their own valour and prudence, for time drives everything before it, and is able to bring with it good as well as evil, and evil as well as good. But he was no sooner in Milan than he did the contrary by assisting Pope Alexander to occupy the Romagna. Therefore Louis made these five errors: he destroyed the minor powers, he increased the strength of one of the greater powers in Italy, he brought in a foreign power, he did not settle in the country, he did not send colonies.
I answer that the principalities of which one has record are found to be governed in two different ways; either by a prince, with a body of servants, who assist him to govern the kingdom as ministers by his favour and permission; or by a prince and barons, who hold that dignity by antiquity of blood and not by the grace of the prince. Those states that are governed by a prince and his servants hold their prince in more consideration, because in all the country there is no one who is recognized as superior to him, and if they yield obedience to another they do it as to a minister and official, and they do not bear him any particular affection. Now if you will consider what was the nature of the government of Darius, you will find it similar to the kingdom of the Turk, and therefore it was only necessary for Alexander, first to overthrow him in the field, and then to take the country from him. But it is impossible to hold with such tranquillity states constituted like that of France.
Whenever those states which have been acquired as stated have been accustomed to live under their own laws and in freedom, there are three courses for those who wish to hold them: the first is to ruin them, the next is to reside there in person, the third is to permit them to live under their own laws, drawing a tribute, and establishing within it an oligarchy which will keep it friendly to you. There are, for example, the Spartans and the Romans. They wished to hold Greece as the Spartans held it, making it free and permitting its laws, and did not succeed.
Nevertheless, he who has relied least on fortune is established the strongest. But to come to those who, by their own ability and not through fortune, have risen to be princes, I say that Moses, Cyrus, Romulus, Theseus, and such like are the most excellent examples. And it ought to be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things, because the innovator has for enemies all those who have done well under the old conditions, and lukewarm defenders in those who may do well under the new. This coolness arises partly from fear of the opponents, who have the laws on their side, and partly from the incredulity of men, who do not readily believe in new things until they have had a long experience of them. This man abolished the old soldiery, organized the new, gave up old alliances, made new ones; and as he had his own soldiers and allies, on such foundations he was able to build any edifice: thus, whilst he had endured much trouble in acquiring, he had but little in keeping.
Concerning these two methods of rising to be a prince by ability or fortune, I wish to adduce two examples within our own recollection, and these are Francesco Sforza(*) and Cesare Borgia. This came to him soon and he used it well; for the Orsini, perceiving at length that the aggrandizement of the duke and the Church was ruin to them, called a meeting of the Magione in Perugia. And as this point is worthy of notice, and to be imitated by others, I am not willing to leave it out. Afterwards the duke considered that it was not advisable to confer such excessive authority, for he had no doubt but that he would become odious, so he set up a court of judgment in the country, under a most excellent president, wherein all cities had their advocates. But as to the future he had to fear, in the first place, that a new successor to the Church might not be friendly to him and might seek to take from him that which Alexander had given him, so he decided to act in four ways. Secondly, by winning to himself all the gentlemen of Rome, so as to be able to curb the Pope with their aid, as has been observed. Fourthly, by acquiring so much power before the Pope should die that he could by his own measures resist the first shock. And as to any fresh acquisition, he intended to become master of Tuscany, for he already possessed Perugia and Piombino, and Pisa was under his protection. Yet there were in the duke such boldness and ability, and he knew so well how men are to be won or lost, and so firm were the foundations which in so short a time he had laid, that if he had not had those armies on his back, or if he had been in good health, he would have overcome all difficulties. And it is seen that his foundations were good, for the Romagna awaited him for more than a month. If he could not have made Pope him whom he wished, at least the one whom he did not wish would not have been elected. On the day that Julius the Second(+) was elected, he told me that he had thought of everything that might occur at the death of his father, and had provided a remedy for all, except that he had never anticipated that, when the death did happen, he himself would be on the point to die.
And speaking of the first method, it will be illustrated by two examples--one ancient, the other modern--and without entering further into the subject, I consider these two examples will suffice those who may be compelled to follow them. This man, the son of a potter, through all the changes in his fortunes always led an infamous life. Nevertheless, he accompanied his infamies with so much ability of mind and body that, having devoted himself to the military profession, he rose through its ranks to be Praetor of Syracuse. One morning he assembled the people and the senate of Syracuse, as if he had to discuss with them things relating to the Republic, and at a given signal the soldiers killed all the senators and the richest of the people; these dead, he seized and held the princedom of that city without any civil commotion. So he wrote to Giovanni Fogliani that, having been away from home for many years, he wished to visit him and his city, and in some measure to look upon his patrimony; and although he had not laboured to acquire anything except honour, yet, in order that the citizens should see he had not spent his time in vain, he desired to come honourably, so would be accompanied by one hundred horsemen, his friends and retainers; and he entreated Giovanni to arrange that he should be received honourably by the Fermians, all of which would be not only to his honour, but also to that of Giovanni himself, who had brought him up. And his destruction would have been as difficult as that of Agathocles if he had not allowed himself to be overreached by Cesare Borgia, who took him with the Orsini and Vitelli at Sinigalia, as was stated above.
I say then that such a principality is obtained either by the favour of the people or by the favour of the nobles. A principality is created either by the people or by the nobles, accordingly as one or other of them has the opportunity; for the nobles, seeing they cannot withstand the people, begin to cry up the reputation of one of themselves, and they make him a prince, so that under his shadow they can give vent to their ambitions. He who obtains sovereignty by the assistance of the nobles maintains himself with more difficulty than he who comes to it by the aid of the people, because the former finds himself with many around him who consider themselves his equals, and because of this he can neither rule nor manage them to his liking. Therefore, one who becomes a prince through the favour of the people ought to keep them friendly, and this he can easily do seeing they only ask not to be oppressed by him. In the latter case their government is weaker and more insecure, because it rests entirely on the goodwill of those citizens who are raised to the magistracy, and who, especially in troubled times, can destroy the government with great ease, either by intrigue or open defiance; and the prince has not the chance amid tumults to exercise absolute authority, because the citizens and subjects, accustomed to receive orders from magistrates, are not of a mind to obey him amid these confusions, and there will always be in doubtful times a scarcity of men whom he can trust.
Therefore, a prince who has a strong city, and had not made himself odious, will not be attacked, or if any one should attack he will only be driven off with disgrace; again, because that the affairs of this world are so changeable, it is almost impossible to keep an army a whole year in the field without being interfered with. Further, the enemy would naturally on his arrival at once burn and ruin the country at the time when the spirits of the people are still hot and ready for the defence; and, therefore, so much the less ought the prince to hesitate; because after a time, when spirits have cooled, the damage is already done, the ills are incurred, and there is no longer any remedy; and therefore they are so much the more ready to unite with their prince, he appearing to be under obligations to them now that their houses have been burnt and their possessions ruined in his defence.
Such principalities only are secure and happy. But being upheld by powers, to which the human mind cannot reach, I shall speak no more of them, because, being exalted and maintained by God, it would be the act of a presumptuous and rash man to discuss them. And the short life of a pope is also a cause of weakness; for in the ten years, which is the average life of a pope, he can with difficulty lower one of the factions; and if, so to speak, one people should almost destroy the Colonnesi, another would arise hostile to the Orsini, who would support their opponents, and yet would not have time to ruin the Orsini. This was the reason why the temporal powers of the pope were little esteemed in Italy. And although his intention was not to aggrandize the Church, but the duke, nevertheless, what he did contributed to the greatness of the Church, which, after his death and the ruin of the duke, became the heir to all his labours.
The chief foundations of all states, new as well as old or composite, are good laws and good arms; and as there cannot be good laws where the state is not well armed, it follows that where they are well armed they have good laws. I say, therefore, that the arms with which a prince defends his state are either his own, or they are mercenaries, auxiliaries, or mixed. Mercenaries and auxiliaries are useless and dangerous; and if one holds his state based on these arms, he will stand neither firm nor safe; for they are disunited, ambitious, and without discipline, unfaithful, valiant before friends, cowardly before enemies; they have neither the fear of God nor fidelity to men, and destruction is deferred only so long as the attack is; for in peace one is robbed by them, and in war by the enemy. But let us come to that which happened a short while ago. He fought in the English wars in France, and      was knighted by Edward III; afterwards he collected a body      of troops and went into Italy. He married Domnia, a daughter of Bernabo      Visconti. --      Machiavelli. The first who gave renown to this soldiery was Alberigo da Conio,(*) the Romagnian. The principle that has guided them has been, first, to lower the credit of infantry so that they might increase their own.
These arms may be useful and good in themselves, but for him who calls them in they are always disadvantageous; for losing, one is undone, and winning, one is their captive. I was not intending to go beyond Italian and recent examples, but I am unwilling to leave out Hiero, the Syracusan, he being one of those I have named above. And if the first disaster to the Roman Empire(*) should be examined, it will be found to have commenced only with the enlisting of the Goths; because from that time the vigour of the Roman Empire began to decline, and all that valour which had raised it passed away to others. And one's own forces are those which are composed either of subjects, citizens, or dependents; all others are mercenaries or auxiliaries.
And the first cause of your losing it is to neglect this art; and what enables you to acquire a state is to be master of the art. For among other evils which being unarmed brings you, it causes you to be despised, and this is one of those ignominies against which a prince ought to guard himself, as is shown later on. He ought never, therefore, to have out of his thoughts this subject of war, and in peace he should addict himself more to its exercise than in war; this he can do in two ways, the one by action, the other by study.
 It remains now to see what ought to be the rules of conduct for a prince towards subject and friends. Hence it is necessary for a prince wishing to hold his own to know how to do wrong, and to make use of it or not according to necessity. And I know that every one will confess that it would be most praiseworthy in a prince to exhibit all the above qualities that are considered good; but because they can neither be entirely possessed nor observed, for human conditions do not permit it, it is necessary for him to be sufficiently prudent that he may know how to avoid the reproach of those vices which would lose him his state; and also to keep himself, if it be possible, from those which would not lose him it; but this not being possible, he may with less hesitation abandon himself to them.
Pope Julius the Second was assisted in reaching the papacy by a reputation for liberality, yet he did not strive afterwards to keep it up, when he made war on the King of France; and he made many wars without imposing any extraordinary tax on his subjects, for he supplied his additional expenses out of his long thriftiness. The present King of Spain would not have undertaken or conquered in so many enterprises if he had been reputed liberal. And of that which is neither yours nor your subjects' you can be a ready giver, as were Cyrus, Caesar, and Alexander; because it does not take away your reputation if you squander that of others, but adds to it; it is only squandering your own that injures you. And a prince should guard himself, above all things, against being despised and hated; and liberality leads you to both.
And of all princes, it is impossible for the new prince to avoid the imputation of cruelty, owing to new states being full of dangers. Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved? Nevertheless a prince ought to inspire fear in such a way that, if he does not win love, he avoids hatred; because he can endure very well being feared whilst he is not hated, which will always be as long as he abstains from the property of his citizens and subjects and from their women. For this he was upbraided in the Senate by Fabius Maximus, and called the corrupter of the Roman soldiery. The Locrians were laid waste by a legate of Scipio, yet they were not avenged by him, nor was the insolence of the legate punished, owing entirely to his easy nature. Insomuch that someone in the Senate, wishing to excuse him, said there were many men who knew much better how not to err than to correct the errors of others.
Therefore, it is necessary to be a fox to discover the snares and a lion to terrify the wolves. If men were entirely good this precept would not hold, but because they are bad, and will not keep faith with you, you too are not bound to observe it with them. Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite. One prince(*) of the present time, whom it is not well to name, never preaches anything else but peace and good faith, and to both he is most hostile, and either, if he had kept it, would have deprived him of reputation and kingdom many a time. (*) Ferdinand of Aragon.
It makes him hated above all things, as I have said, to be rapacious, and to be a violator of the property and women of his subjects, from both of which he must abstain. And one of the most efficacious remedies that a prince can have against conspiracies is not to be hated and despised by the people, for he who conspires against a prince always expects to please them by his removal; but when the conspirator can only look forward to offending them, he will not have the courage to take such a course, for the difficulties that confront a conspirator are infinite. He ruled Bologna from 1462 to 1506. And further, I consider that a prince ought to cherish the nobles, but not so as to make himself hated by the people. There is first to note that, whereas in other principalities the ambition of the nobles and the insolence of the people only have to be contended with, the Roman emperors had a third difficulty in having to put up with the cruelty and avarice of their soldiers, a matter so beset with difficulties that it was the ruin of many; for it was a hard thing to give satisfaction both to soldiers and people; because the people loved peace, and for this reason they loved the unaspiring prince, whilst the soldiers loved the warlike prince who was bold, cruel, and rapacious, which qualities they were quite willing he should exercise upon the people, so that they could get double pay and give vent to their own greed and cruelty. Knowing the sloth of the Emperor Julian, he persuaded the army in Sclavonia, of which he was captain, that it would be right to go to Rome and avenge the death of Pertinax, who had been killed by the praetorian soldiers; and under this pretext, without appearing to aspire to the throne, he moved the army on Rome, and reached Italy before it was known that he had started. On his arrival at Rome, the Senate, through fear, elected him emperor and killed Julian. After this there remained for Severus, who wished to make himself master of the whole empire, two difficulties; one in Asia, where Niger, head of the Asiatic army, had caused himself to be proclaimed emperor; the other in the west where Albinus was, who also aspired to the throne. Nevertheless, his ferocity and cruelties were so great and so unheard of that, after endless single murders, he killed a large number of the people of Rome and all those of Alexandria. I do not wish to discuss Heliogabalus, Macrinus, or Julian, who, being thoroughly contemptible, were quickly wiped out; but I will bring this discourse to a conclusion by saying that princes in our times have this difficulty of giving inordinate satisfaction to their soldiers in a far less degree, because, notwithstanding one has to give them some indulgence, that is soon done; none of these princes have armies that are veterans in the governance and administration of provinces, as were the armies of the Roman Empire; and whereas it was then more necessary to give satisfaction to the soldiers than to the people, it is now more necessary to all princes, except the Turk and the Soldan, to satisfy the people rather the soldiers, because the people are the more powerful.
And although one cannot give a final judgment on all of these things unless one possesses the particulars of those states in which a decision has to be made, nevertheless I will speak as comprehensively as the matter of itself will admit. But when you disarm them, you at once offend them by showing that you distrust them, either for cowardice or for want of loyalty, and either of these opinions breeds hatred against you. And because you cannot remain unarmed, it follows that you turn to mercenaries, which are of the character already shown; even if they should be good they would not be sufficient to defend you against powerful enemies and distrusted subjects. Histories are full of examples. It has been a custom with princes, in order to hold their states more securely, to build fortresses that may serve as a bridle and bit to those who might design to work against them, and as a place of refuge from a first attack. Fortresses, therefore, are useful or not according to circumstances; if they do you good in one way they injure you in another. For this reason the best possible fortress is--not to be hated by the people, because, although you may hold the fortresses, yet they will not save you if the people hate you, for there will never be wanting foreigners to assist a people who have taken arms against you.
We have in our time Ferdinand of Aragon, the present King of Spain. He can almost be called a new prince, because he has risen, by fame and glory, from being an insignificant king to be the foremost king in Christendom; and if you will consider his deeds you will find them all great and some of them extraordinary. And his actions have arisen in such a way, one out of the other, that men have never been given time to work steadily against him. A prince is also respected when he is either a true friend or a downright enemy, that is to say, when, without any reservation, he declares himself in favour of one party against the other; which course will always be more advantageous than standing neutral; because if two of your powerful neighbours come to blows, they are of such a character that, if one of them conquers, you have either to fear him or not. But if he with whom you ally yourself loses, you may be sheltered by him, and whilst he is able he may aid you, and you become companions on a fortune that may rise again. A prince ought also to show himself a patron of ability, and to honour the proficient in every art. 1905: "The sons .
Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehended; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless. But to enable a prince to form an opinion of his servant there is one test which never fails; when you see the servant thinking more of his own interests than of yours, and seeking inwardly his own profit in everything, such a man will never make a good servant, nor will you ever be able to trust him; because he who has the state of another in his hands ought never to think of himself, but always of his prince, and never pay any attention to matters in which the prince is not concerned.
Because there is no other way of guarding oneself from flatterers except letting men understand that to tell you the truth does not offend you; but when every one may tell you the truth, respect for you abates. Fra Luca, the man of affairs to Maximilian,(*) the present emperor, speaking of his majesty, said: He consulted with no one, yet never got his own way in anything. And if there are some who think that a prince who conveys an impression of his wisdom is not so through his own ability, but through the good advisers that he has around him, beyond doubt they are deceived, because this is an axiom which never fails: that a prince who is not wise himself will never take good advice, unless by chance he has yielded his affairs entirely to one person who happens to be a very prudent man. And they are not to be found otherwise, because men will always prove untrue to you unless they are kept honest by constraint.
For the actions of a new prince are more narrowly observed than those of an hereditary one, and when they are seen to be able they gain more men and bind far tighter than ancient blood; because men are attracted more by the present than by the past, and when they find the present good they enjoy it and seek no further; they will also make the utmost defence of a prince if he fails them not in other things. In the absence of these defects states that have power enough to keep an army in the field cannot be lost. This course, when others fail, may be good, but it is very bad to have neglected all other expedients for that, since you would never wish to fall because you trusted to be able to find someone later on to restore you.
 It is not unknown to me how many men have had, and still have, the opinion that the affairs of the world are in such wise governed by fortune and by God that men with their wisdom cannot direct them and that no one can even help them; and because of this they would have us believe that it is not necessary to labour much in affairs, but to let chance govern them. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely on fortune is lost when it changes. Pope Julius the Second went to work impetuously in all his affairs, and found the times and circumstances conform so well to that line of action that he always met with success. I conclude, therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out.
 Having carefully considered the subject of the above discourses, and wondering within myself whether the present times were propitious to a new prince, and whether there were elements that would give an opportunity to a wise and virtuous one to introduce a new order of things which would do honour to him and good to the people of this country, it appears to me that so many things concur to favour a new prince that I never knew a time more fit than the present. It is seen also that she is ready and willing to follow a banner if only someone will raise it. (*) Giuliano de Medici. Further than this, how extraordinarily the ways of God have been manifested beyond example: the sea is divided, a cloud has led the way, the rock has poured forth water, it has rained manna, everything has contributed to your greatness; you ought to do the rest. Look attentively at the duels and the hand-to-hand combats, how superior the Italians are in strength, dexterity, and subtlety. Therefore it is necessary to be prepared with such arms, so that you can be defended against foreigners by Italian valour. This opportunity, therefore, ought not to be allowed to pass for letting Italy at last see her liberator appear. Nor can one express the love with which he would be received in all those provinces which have suffered so much from these foreign scourings, with what thirst for revenge, with what stubborn faith, with what devotion, with what tears. What door would be closed to him?
Principalities are either hereditary, in which the family has been long established; or they are new. Such dominions thus acquired are either accustomed to live under a prince, or to live in freedom; and are acquired either by the arms of the prince himself, or of others, or else by fortune or by ability. In doing so I will keep to the order indicated above, and discuss how such principalities are to be ruled and preserved.
And firstly, if it be not entirely new, but is, as it were, a member of a state which, taken collectively, may be called composite, the changes arise chiefly from an inherent difficulty which there is in all new principalities; for men change their rulers willingly, hoping to better themselves, and this hope induces them to take up arms against him who rules: wherein they are deceived, because they afterwards find by experience they have gone from bad to worse. In this way you have enemies in all those whom you have injured in seizing that principality, and you are not able to keep those friends who put you there because of your not being able to satisfy them in the way they expected, and you cannot take strong measures against them, feeling bound to them. He has only to take care that they do not get hold of too much power and too much authority, and then with his own forces, and with their goodwill, he can easily keep down the more powerful of them, so as to remain entirely master in the country. The Romans, in the countries which they annexed, observed closely these measures; they sent colonies and maintained friendly relations with(*) the minor powers, without increasing their strength; they kept down the greater, and did not allow any strong foreign powers to gain authority. And if any one should say: "King Louis yielded the Romagna to Alexander and the kingdom to Spain to avoid war," I answer for the reasons given above that a blunder ought never to be perpetrated to avoid war, because it is not to be avoided, but is only deferred to your disadvantage.
I answer that the principalities of which one has record are found to be governed in two different ways; either by a prince, with a body of servants, who assist him to govern the kingdom as ministers by his favour and permission; or by a prince and barons, who hold that dignity by antiquity of blood and not by the grace of the prince. But the King of France is placed in the midst of an ancient body of lords, acknowledged by their own subjects, and beloved by them; they have their own prerogatives, nor can the king take these away except at his peril. Such men, for the reasons given, can open the way into the state and render the victory easy; but if you wish to hold it afterwards, you meet with infinite difficulties, both from those who have assisted you and from those you have crushed. Whenever those states which have been acquired as stated have been accustomed to live under their own laws and in freedom, there are three courses for those who wish to hold them: the first is to ruin them, the next is to reside there in person, the third is to permit them to live under their own laws, drawing a tribute, and establishing within it an oligarchy which will keep it friendly to you. There are, for example, the Spartans and the Romans.
Theseus could not have shown his ability had he not found the Athenians dispersed. Those who by valorous ways become princes, like these men, acquire a principality with difficulty, but they keep it with ease. This coolness arises partly from fear of the opponents, who have the laws on their side, and partly from the incredulity of men, who do not readily believe in new things until they have had a long experience of them. It is necessary, therefore, if we desire to discuss this matter thoroughly, to inquire whether these innovators can rely on themselves or have to depend on others: that is to say, whether, to consummate their enterprise, have they to use prayers or can they use force? Hence it is that all armed prophets have conquered, and the unarmed ones have been destroyed. And thus it is necessary to take such measures that, when they believe no longer, it may be possible to make them believe by force.
 Those who solely by good fortune become princes from being private citizens have little trouble in rising, but much in keeping atop; they have not any difficulties on the way up, because they fly, but they have many when they reach the summit. Concerning these two methods of rising to be a prince by ability or fortune, I wish to adduce two examples within our own recollection, and these are Francesco Sforza(*) and Cesare Borgia. If, therefore, all the steps taken by the duke be considered, it will be seen that he laid solid foundations for his future power, and I do not consider it superfluous to discuss them, because I do not know what better precepts to give a new prince than the example of his actions; and if his dispositions were of no avail, that was not his fault, but the extraordinary and extreme malignity of fortune. Alexander the Sixth, in wishing to aggrandize the duke, his son, had many immediate and prospective difficulties. This was easy for him to do, because he found the Venetians, moved by other reasons, inclined to bring back the French into Italy; he would not only not oppose this, but he would render it more easy by dissolving the former marriage of King Louis. He was no sooner in Milan than the Pope had soldiers from him for the attempt on the Romagna, which yielded to him on the reputation of the king. From this sprung the rebellion at Urbino and the tumults in the Romagna, with endless dangers to the duke, all of which he overcame with the help of the French. Ramiro de Lorqua. It was his intention to secure himself against them, and this he would have quickly accomplished had Alexander lived. But Alexander died five years after he had first drawn the sword. Because he, having a lofty spirit and far-reaching aims, could not have regulated his conduct otherwise, and only the shortness of the life of Alexander and his own sickness frustrated his designs.
These methods are when, either by some wicked or nefarious ways, one ascends to the principality, or when by the favour of his fellow-citizens a private person becomes the prince of his country. Agathocles, the Sicilian,(*) became King of Syracuse not only from a private but from a low and abject position. One morning he assembled the people and the senate of Syracuse, as if he had to discuss with them things relating to the Republic, and at a given signal the soldiers killed all the senators and the richest of the people; these dead, he seized and held the princedom of that city without any civil commotion. He who does otherwise, either from timidity or evil advice, is always compelled to keep the knife in his hand; neither can he rely on his subjects, nor can they attach themselves to him, owing to their continued and repeated wrongs. For injuries ought to be done all at one time, so that, being tasted less, they offend less; benefits ought to be given little by little, so that the flavour of them may last longer. And above all things, a prince ought to live amongst his people in such a way that no unexpected circumstances, whether of good or evil, shall make him change; because if the necessity for this comes in troubled times, you are too late for harsh measures; and mild ones will not help you, for they will be considered as forced from you, and no one will be under any obligation to you for them.
Because in all cities these two distinct parties are found, and from this it arises that the people do not wish to be ruled nor oppressed by the nobles, and the nobles wish to rule and oppress the people; and from these two opposite desires there arises in cities one of three results, either a principality, self-government, or anarchy. The people, finding they cannot resist the nobles, also cry up the reputation of one of themselves, and make him a prince so as to be defended by his authority. Besides this, one cannot by fair dealing, and without injury to others, satisfy the nobles, but you can satisfy the people, for their object is more righteous than that of the nobles, the latter wishing to oppress, while the former only desire not to be oppressed. But one who, in opposition to the people, becomes a prince by the favour of the nobles, ought, above everything, to seek to win the people over to himself, and this he may easily do if he takes them under his protection. Therefore a wise prince ought to adopt such a course that his citizens will always in every sort and kind of circumstance have need of the state and of him, and then he will always find them faithful.
 It is necessary to consider another point in examining the character of these principalities: that is, whether a prince has such power that, in case of need, he can support himself with his own resources, or whether he has always need of the assistance of others. The first case has been discussed, but we will speak of it again should it recur. Therefore, a prince who has a strong city, and had not made himself odious, will not be attacked, or if any one should attack he will only be driven off with disgrace; again, because that the affairs of this world are so changeable, it is almost impossible to keep an army a whole year in the field without being interfered with.
But being upheld by powers, to which the human mind cannot reach, I shall speak no more of them, because, being exalted and maintained by God, it would be the act of a presumptuous and rash man to discuss them. (*) Charles VIII invaded Italy in 1494. For whenever these factions have their cardinals they do not remain quiet for long, because cardinals foster the factions in Rome and out of it, and the barons are compelled to support them, and thus from the ambitions of prelates arise disorders and tumults among the barons. For these reasons his Holiness Pope Leo(*) found the pontificate most powerful, and it is to be hoped that, if others made it great in arms, he will make it still greater and more venerated by his goodness and infinite other virtues.
The chief foundations of all states, new as well as old or composite, are good laws and good arms; and as there cannot be good laws where the state is not well armed, it follows that where they are well armed they have good laws. I say, therefore, that the arms with which a prince defends his state are either his own, or they are mercenaries, auxiliaries, or mixed. Mercenaries and auxiliaries are useless and dangerous; and if one holds his state based on these arms, he will stand neither firm nor safe; for they are disunited, ambitious, and without discipline, unfaithful, valiant before friends, cowardly before enemies; they have neither the fear of God nor fidelity to men, and destruction is deferred only so long as the attack is; for in peace one is robbed by them, and in war by the enemy. And as they were the sins of princes, it is the princes who have also suffered the penalty. The Switzers are completely armed and quite free. This was before they turned to enterprises on land, but when they began to fight on land they forsook this virtue and followed the custom of Italy. --      Machiavelli. You must understand that the empire has recently come to be repudiated in Italy, that the Pope has acquired more temporal power, and that Italy has been divided up into more states, for the reason that many of the great cities took up arms against their nobles, who, formerly favoured by the emperor, were oppressing them, whilst the Church was favouring them so as to gain authority in temporal power: in many others their citizens became princes.
Therefore, let him who has no desire to conquer make use of these arms, for they are much more hazardous than mercenaries, because with them the ruin is ready made; they are all united, all yield obedience to others; but with mercenaries, when they have conquered, more time and better opportunities are needed to injure you; they are not all of one community, they are found and paid by you, and a third party, which you have made their head, is not able all at once to assume enough authority to injure you. The wise prince, therefore, has always avoided these arms and turned to his own; and has been willing rather to lose with them than to conquer with the others, not deeming that a real victory which is gained with the arms of others. I conclude, therefore, that no principality is secure without having its own forces; on the contrary, it is entirely dependent on good fortune, not having the valour which in adversity would defend it. And it has always been the opinion and judgment of wise men that nothing can be so uncertain or unstable as fame or power not founded on its own strength.
 A prince ought to have no other aim or thought, nor select anything else for his study, than war and its rules and discipline; for this is the sole art that belongs to him who rules, and it is of such force that it not only upholds those who are born princes, but it often enables men to rise from a private station to that rank. Because, there being in the one disdain and in the other suspicion, it is not possible for them to work well together. And therefore a prince who does not understand the art of war, over and above the other misfortunes already mentioned, cannot be respected by his soldiers, nor can he rely on them. He ought never, therefore, to have out of his thoughts this subject of war, and in peace he should addict himself more to its exercise than in war; this he can do in two ways, the one by action, the other by study.
 It remains now to see what ought to be the rules of conduct for a prince towards subject and friends. Hence it is necessary for a prince wishing to hold his own to know how to do wrong, and to make use of it or not according to necessity. And I know that every one will confess that it would be most praiseworthy in a prince to exhibit all the above qualities that are considered good; but because they can neither be entirely possessed nor observed, for human conditions do not permit it, it is necessary for him to be sufficiently prudent that he may know how to avoid the reproach of those vices which would lose him his state; and also to keep himself, if it be possible, from those which would not lose him it; but this not being possible, he may with less hesitation abandon himself to them.
The present King of Spain would not have undertaken or conquered in so many enterprises if he had been reputed liberal. A prince, therefore, provided that he has not to rob his subjects, that he can defend himself, that he does not become poor and abject, that he is not forced to become rapacious, ought to hold of little account a reputation for being mean, for it is one of those vices which will enable him to govern. And of that which is neither yours nor your subjects' you can be a ready giver, as were Cyrus, Caesar, and Alexander; because it does not take away your reputation if you squander that of others, but adds to it; it is only squandering your own that injures you. And a prince should guard himself, above all things, against being despised and hated; and liberality leads you to both.
Coming now to the other qualities mentioned above, I say that every prince ought to desire to be considered clement and not cruel. Cesare Borgia was considered cruel; notwithstanding, his cruelty reconciled the Romagna, unified it, and restored it to peace and loyalty. It may be answered that one should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved, when, of the two, either must be dispensed with. But when it is necessary for him to proceed against the life of someone, he must do it on proper justification and for manifest cause, but above all things he must keep his hands off the property of others, because men more quickly forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony. Returning to the question of being feared or loved, I come to the conclusion that, men loving according to their own will and fearing according to that of the prince, a wise prince should establish himself on that which is in his own control and not in that of others; he must endeavour only to avoid hatred, as is noted.
 Every one admits how praiseworthy it is in a prince to keep faith, and to live with integrity and not with craft. Therefore it is necessary for a prince to understand how to avail himself of the beast and the man. A prince, therefore, being compelled knowingly to adopt the beast, ought to choose the fox and the lion; because the lion cannot defend himself against snares and the fox cannot defend himself against wolves. Therefore a wise lord cannot, nor ought he to, keep faith when such observance may be turned against him, and when the reasons that caused him to pledge it exist no longer. But it is necessary to know well how to disguise this characteristic, and to be a great pretender and dissembler; and men are so simple, and so subject to present necessities, that he who seeks to deceive will always find someone who will allow himself to be deceived. Therefore it is necessary for him to have a mind ready to turn itself accordingly as the winds and variations of fortune force it, yet, as I have said above, not to diverge from the good if he can avoid doing so, but, if compelled, then to know how to set about it. South in his      Sermon IX, p. 69, ed.
It makes him hated above all things, as I have said, to be rapacious, and to be a violator of the property and women of his subjects, from both of which he must abstain. And one of the most efficacious remedies that a prince can have against conspiracies is not to be hated and despised by the people, for he who conspires against a prince always expects to please them by his removal; but when the conspirator can only look forward to offending them, he will not have the courage to take such a course, for the difficulties that confront a conspirator are infinite. And well-ordered states and wise princes have taken every care not to drive the nobles to desperation, and to keep the people satisfied and contented, for this is one of the most important objects a prince can have. From these causes it arose that Marcus, Pertinax, and Alexander, being all men of modest life, lovers of justice, enemies to cruelty, humane, and benignant, came to a sad end except Marcus; he alone lived and died honoured, because he had succeeded to the throne by hereditary title, and owed nothing either to the soldiers or the people; and afterwards, being possessed of many virtues which made him respected, he always kept both orders in their places whilst he lived, and was neither hated nor despised. Turning now to the opposite characters of Commodus, Severus, Antoninus Caracalla, and Maximinus, you will find them all cruel and rapacious-men who, to satisfy their soldiers, did not hesitate to commit every kind of iniquity against the people; and all, except Severus, came to a bad end; but in Severus there was so much valour that, keeping the soldiers friendly, although the people were oppressed by him, he reigned successfully; for his valour made him so much admired in the sight of the soldiers and people that the latter were kept in a way astonished and awed and the former respectful and satisfied.
Some princes, so as to hold securely the state, have disarmed their subjects; others have kept their subject towns distracted by factions; others have fostered enmities against themselves; others have laid themselves out to gain over those whom they distrusted in the beginning of their governments; some have built fortresses; some have overthrown and destroyed them. This may have been well enough in those times when Italy was in a way balanced, but I do not believe that it can be accepted as a precept for to-day, because I do not believe that factions can ever be of use; rather it is certain that when the enemy comes upon you in divided cities you are quickly lost, because the weakest party will always assist the outside forces and the other will not be able to resist. Without doubt princes become great when they overcome the difficulties and obstacles by which they are confronted, and therefore fortune, especially when she desires to make a new prince great, who has a greater necessity to earn renown than an hereditary one, causes enemies to arise and form designs against him, in order that he may have the opportunity of overcoming them, and by them to mount higher, as by a ladder which his enemies have raised. Pandolfo Petrucci, Prince of Siena, ruled his state more by those who had been distrusted than by others. For this reason the best possible fortress is--not to be hated by the people, because, although you may hold the fortresses, yet they will not save you if the people hate you, for there will never be wanting foreigners to assist a people who have taken arms against you.
 Nothing makes a prince so much esteemed as great enterprises and setting a fine example. In the beginning of his reign he attacked Granada, and this enterprise was the foundation of his dominions. And his actions have arisen in such a way, one out of the other, that men have never been given time to work steadily against him. Thus it will always happen that he who is not your friend will demand your neutrality, whilst he who is your friend will entreat you to declare yourself with arms. Victories after all are never so complete that the victor must not show some regard, especially to justice. But if he with whom you ally yourself loses, you may be sheltered by him, and whilst he is able he may aid you, and you become companions on a fortune that may rise again. And here it is to be noted that a prince ought to take care never to make an alliance with one more powerful than himself for the purposes of attacking others, unless necessity compels him, as is said above; because if he conquers you are at his discretion, and princes ought to avoid as much as possible being at the discretion of any one.
But to enable a prince to form an opinion of his servant there is one test which never fails; when you see the servant thinking more of his own interests than of yours, and seeking inwardly his own profit in everything, such a man will never make a good servant, nor will you ever be able to trust him; because he who has the state of another in his hands ought never to think of himself, but always of his prince, and never pay any attention to matters in which the prince is not concerned. Therefore a wise prince ought to hold a third course by choosing the wise men in his state, and giving to them only the liberty of speaking the truth to him, and then only of those things of which he inquires, and of none others; but he ought to question them upon everything, and listen to their opinions, and afterwards form his own conclusions. But if a prince who is not inexperienced should take counsel from more than one he will never get united counsels, nor will he know how to unite them. Each of the counsellors will think of his own interests, and the prince will not know how to control them or to see through them. And they are not to be found otherwise, because men will always prove untrue to you unless they are kept honest by constraint.
 The previous suggestions, carefully observed, will enable a new prince to appear well established, and render him at once more secure and fixed in the state than if he had been long seated there. In the absence of these defects states that have power enough to keep an army in the field cannot be lost. Therefore, do not let our princes accuse fortune for the loss of their principalities after so many years' possession, but rather their own sloth, because in quiet times they never thought there could be a change (it is a common defect in man not to make any provision in the calm against the tempest), and when afterwards the bad times came they thought of flight and not of defending themselves, and they hoped that the people, disgusted with the insolence of the conquerors, would recall them.
I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. Changes in estate also issue from this, for if, to one who governs himself with caution and patience, times and affairs converge in such a way that his administration is successful, his fortune is made; but if times and affairs change, he is ruined if he does not change his course of action. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly.
 Having carefully considered the subject of the above discourses, and wondering within myself whether the present times were propitious to a new prince, and whether there were elements that would give an opportunity to a wise and virtuous one to introduce a new order of things which would do honour to him and good to the people of this country, it appears to me that so many things concur to favour a new prince that I never knew a time more fit than the present. This will not be difficult if you will recall to yourself the actions and lives of the men I have named. (*) Giuliano de Medici. Here there is great valour in the limbs whilst it fails in the head. Look attentively at the duels and the hand-to-hand combats, how superior the Italians are in strength, dexterity, and subtlety. And although singly they are good, altogether they will be much better when they find themselves commanded by their prince, honoured by him, and maintained at his expense. Therefore it is necessary to be prepared with such arms, so that you can be defended against foreigners by Italian valour. This opportunity, therefore, ought not to be allowed to pass for letting Italy at last see her liberator appear.
Such dominions thus acquired are either accustomed to live under a prince, or to live in freedom; and are acquired either by the arms of the prince himself, or of others, or else by fortune or by ability.
 I will leave out all discussion on republics, inasmuch as in another place I have written of them at length, and will address myself only to principalities. I say at once there are fewer difficulties in holding hereditary states, and those long accustomed to the family of their prince, than new ones; for it is sufficient only not to transgress the customs of his ancestors, and to deal prudently with circumstances as they arise, for a prince of average powers to maintain himself in his state, unless he be deprived of it by some extraordinary and excessive force; and if he should be so deprived of it, whenever anything sinister happens to the usurper, he will regain it.
 But the difficulties occur in a new principality. This follows also on another natural and common necessity, which always causes a new prince to burden those who have submitted to him with his soldiery and with infinite other hardships which he must put upon his new acquisition. When they are, it is easier to hold them, especially when they have not been accustomed to self-government; and to hold them securely it is enough to have destroyed the family of the prince who was ruling them; because the two peoples, preserving in other things the old conditions, and not being unlike in customs, will live quietly together, as one has seen in Brittany, Burgundy, Gascony, and Normandy, which have been bound to France for so long a time: and, although there may be some difference in language, nevertheless the customs are alike, and the people will easily be able to get on amongst themselves. Because, if one is on the spot, disorders are seen as they spring up, and one can quickly remedy them; but if one is not at hand, they are heard of only when they are great, and then one can no longer remedy them. Besides this, the country is not pillaged by your officials; the subjects are satisfied by prompt recourse to the prince; thus, wishing to be good, they have more cause to love him, and wishing to be otherwise, to fear him. He who would attack that state from the outside must have the utmost caution; as long as the prince resides there it can only be wrested from him with the greatest difficulty. The other and better course is to send colonies to one or two places, which may be as keys to that state, for it is necessary either to do this or else to keep there a great number of cavalry and infantry. Upon this, one has to remark that men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge. He has only to take care that they do not get hold of too much power and too much authority, and then with his own forces, and with their goodwill, he can easily keep down the more powerful of them, so as to remain entirely master in the country. The wish to acquire is in truth very natural and common, and men always do so when they can, and for this they will be praised not blamed; but when they cannot do so, yet wish to do so by any means, then there is folly and blame. Therefore Louis made these five errors: he destroyed the minor powers, he increased the strength of one of the greater powers in Italy, he brought in a foreign power, he did not settle in the country, he did not send colonies.
I answer that the principalities of which one has record are found to be governed in two different ways; either by a prince, with a body of servants, who assist him to govern the kingdom as ministers by his favour and permission; or by a prince and barons, who hold that dignity by antiquity of blood and not by the grace of the prince. Those states that are governed by a prince and his servants hold their prince in more consideration, because in all the country there is no one who is recognized as superior to him, and if they yield obedience to another they do it as to a minister and official, and they do not bear him any particular affection. Now if you will consider what was the nature of the government of Darius, you will find it similar to the kingdom of the Turk, and therefore it was only necessary for Alexander, first to overthrow him in the field, and then to take the country from him. But it is impossible to hold with such tranquillity states constituted like that of France.
Whenever those states which have been acquired as stated have been accustomed to live under their own laws and in freedom, there are three courses for those who wish to hold them: the first is to ruin them, the next is to reside there in person, the third is to permit them to live under their own laws, drawing a tribute, and establishing within it an oligarchy which will keep it friendly to you. But when cities or countries are accustomed to live under a prince, and his family is exterminated, they, being on the one hand accustomed to obey and on the other hand not having the old prince, cannot agree in making one from amongst themselves, and they do not know how to govern themselves.
A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by great men, and to imitate those who have been supreme, so that if his ability does not equal theirs, at least it will savour of it. Now, as the fact of becoming a prince from a private station presupposes either ability or fortune, it is clear that one or other of these things will mitigate in some degree many difficulties. Nevertheless, he who has relied least on fortune is established the strongest. But to come to those who, by their own ability and not through fortune, have risen to be princes, I say that Moses, Cyrus, Romulus, Theseus, and such like are the most excellent examples. And it ought to be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things, because the innovator has for enemies all those who have done well under the old conditions, and lukewarm defenders in those who may do well under the new. Besides the reasons mentioned, the nature of the people is variable, and whilst it is easy to persuade them, it is difficult to fix them in that persuasion.
 Those who solely by good fortune become princes from being private citizens have little trouble in rising, but much in keeping atop; they have not any difficulties on the way up, because they fly, but they have many when they reach the summit. Such stand simply elevated upon the goodwill and the fortune of him who has elevated them--two most inconstant and unstable things. If, therefore, all the steps taken by the duke be considered, it will be seen that he laid solid foundations for his future power, and I do not consider it superfluous to discuss them, because I do not know what better precepts to give a new prince than the example of his actions; and if his dispositions were of no avail, that was not his fault, but the extraordinary and extreme malignity of fortune. Such was his line of action as to present affairs. (*) Alexander VI died of fever, 18th August 1503. When all the actions of the duke are recalled, I do not know how to blame him, but rather it appears to be, as I have said, that I ought to offer him for imitation to all those who, by the fortune or the arms of others, are raised to government. Because he, having a lofty spirit and far-reaching aims, could not have regulated his conduct otherwise, and only the shortness of the life of Alexander and his own sickness frustrated his designs. Therefore, he who considers it necessary to secure himself in his new principality, to win friends, to overcome either by force or fraud, to make himself beloved and feared by the people, to be followed and revered by the soldiers, to exterminate those who have power or reason to hurt him, to change the old order of things for new, to be severe and gracious, magnanimous and liberal, to destroy a disloyal soldiery and to create new, to maintain friendship with kings and princes in such a way that they must help him with zeal and offend with caution, cannot find a more lively example than the actions of this man. Only can he be blamed for the election of Julius the Second, in whom he made a bad choice, because, as is said, not being able to elect a Pope to his own mind, he could have hindered any other from being elected Pope; and he ought never to have consented to the election of any cardinal whom he had injured or who had cause to fear him if they became pontiffs.
Agathocles, the Sicilian,(*) became King of Syracuse not only from a private but from a low and abject position. This man, the son of a potter, through all the changes in his fortunes always led an infamous life. One morning he assembled the people and the senate of Syracuse, as if he had to discuss with them things relating to the Republic, and at a given signal the soldiers killed all the senators and the richest of the people; these dead, he seized and held the princedom of that city without any civil commotion. He killed all the malcontents who were able to injure him, and strengthened himself with new civil and military ordinances, in such a way that, in the year during which he held the principality, not only was he secure in the city of Fermo, but he had become formidable to all his neighbours. Those may be called properly used, if of evil it is possible to speak well, that are applied at one blow and are necessary to one's security, and that are not persisted in afterwards unless they can be turned to the advantage of the subjects. Hence it is to be remarked that, in seizing a state, the usurper ought to examine closely into all those injuries which it is necessary for him to inflict, and to do them all at one stroke so as not to have to repeat them daily; and thus by not unsettling men he will be able to reassure them, and win them to himself by benefits.
A principality is created either by the people or by the nobles, accordingly as one or other of them has the opportunity; for the nobles, seeing they cannot withstand the people, begin to cry up the reputation of one of themselves, and they make him a prince, so that under his shadow they can give vent to their ambitions. The people, finding they cannot resist the nobles, also cry up the reputation of one of themselves, and make him a prince so as to be defended by his authority. But one who, in opposition to the people, becomes a prince by the favour of the nobles, ought, above everything, to seek to win the people over to himself, and this he may easily do if he takes them under his protection. These principalities are liable to danger when they are passing from the civil to the absolute order of government, for such princes either rule personally or through magistrates. In the latter case their government is weaker and more insecure, because it rests entirely on the goodwill of those citizens who are raised to the magistracy, and who, especially in troubled times, can destroy the government with great ease, either by intrigue or open defiance; and the prince has not the chance amid tumults to exercise absolute authority, because the citizens and subjects, accustomed to receive orders from magistrates, are not of a mind to obey him amid these confusions, and there will always be in doubtful times a scarcity of men whom he can trust.
And beyond this, to keep the people quiet and without loss to the state, they always have the means of giving work to the community in those labours that are the life and strength of the city, and on the pursuit of which the people are supported; they also hold military exercises in repute, and moreover have many ordinances to uphold them. Therefore, a prince who has a strong city, and had not made himself odious, will not be attacked, or if any one should attack he will only be driven off with disgrace; again, because that the affairs of this world are so changeable, it is almost impossible to keep an army a whole year in the field without being interfered with.
Such principalities only are secure and happy. But being upheld by powers, to which the human mind cannot reach, I shall speak no more of them, because, being exalted and maintained by God, it would be the act of a presumptuous and rash man to discuss them. To restrain the Venetians the union of all the others was necessary, as it was for the defence of Ferrara; and to keep down the Pope they made use of the barons of Rome, who, being divided into two factions, Orsini and Colonnesi, had always a pretext for disorder, and, standing with arms in their hands under the eyes of the Pontiff, kept the pontificate weak and powerless. This was the reason why the temporal powers of the pope were little esteemed in Italy. For these reasons his Holiness Pope Leo(*) found the pontificate most powerful, and it is to be hoped that, if others made it great in arms, he will make it still greater and more venerated by his goodness and infinite other virtues.
The chief foundations of all states, new as well as old or composite, are good laws and good arms; and as there cannot be good laws where the state is not well armed, it follows that where they are well armed they have good laws. I say, therefore, that the arms with which a prince defends his state are either his own, or they are mercenaries, auxiliaries, or mixed. And experience has shown princes and republics, single-handed, making the greatest progress, and mercenaries doing nothing except damage; and it is more difficult to bring a republic, armed with its own arms, under the sway of one of its citizens than it is to bring one armed with foreign arms. Of ancient mercenaries, for example, there are the Carthaginians, who were oppressed by their mercenary soldiers after the first war with the Romans, although the Carthaginians had their own citizens for captains. Francesco turned his ambition to Lombardy; Braccio against the Church and the kingdom of Naples. He fought in the English wars in France, and      was knighted by Edward III; afterwards he collected a body      of troops and went into Italy. ($) Battle of Vaila in 1509.
 Auxiliaries, which are the other useless arm, are employed when a prince is called in with his forces to aid and defend, as was done by Pope Julius in the most recent times; for he, having, in the enterprise against Ferrara, had poor proof of his mercenaries, turned to auxiliaries, and stipulated with Ferdinand, King of Spain,(*) for his assistance with men and arms. In conclusion, in mercenaries dastardy is most dangerous; in auxiliaries, valour. The armies of the French have thus become mixed, partly mercenary and partly national, both of which arms together are much better than mercenaries alone or auxiliaries alone, but much inferior to one's own forces. Therefore, if he who rules a principality cannot recognize evils until they are upon him, he is not truly wise; and this insight is given to few. I conclude, therefore, that no principality is secure without having its own forces; on the contrary, it is entirely dependent on good fortune, not having the valour which in adversity would defend it.
 A prince ought to have no other aim or thought, nor select anything else for his study, than war and its rules and discipline; for this is the sole art that belongs to him who rules, and it is of such force that it not only upholds those who are born princes, but it often enables men to rise from a private station to that rank. And the first cause of your losing it is to neglect this art; and what enables you to acquire a state is to be master of the art. Because there is nothing proportionate between the armed and the unarmed; and it is not reasonable that he who is armed should yield obedience willingly to him who is unarmed, or that the unarmed man should be secure among armed servants. And therefore a prince who does not understand the art of war, over and above the other misfortunes already mentioned, cannot be respected by his soldiers, nor can he rely on them.
 It remains now to see what ought to be the rules of conduct for a prince towards subject and friends. And as I know that many have written on this point, I expect I shall be considered presumptuous in mentioning it again, especially as in discussing it I shall depart from the methods of other people. And I know that every one will confess that it would be most praiseworthy in a prince to exhibit all the above qualities that are considered good; but because they can neither be entirely possessed nor observed, for human conditions do not permit it, it is necessary for him to be sufficiently prudent that he may know how to avoid the reproach of those vices which would lose him his state; and also to keep himself, if it be possible, from those which would not lose him it; but this not being possible, he may with less hesitation abandon himself to them.
Therefore, any one wishing to maintain among men the name of liberal is obliged to avoid no attribute of magnificence; so that a prince thus inclined will consume in such acts all his property, and will be compelled in the end, if he wish to maintain the name of liberal, to unduly weigh down his people, and tax them, and do everything he can to get money. The present King of Spain would not have undertaken or conquered in so many enterprises if he had been reputed liberal. In the first case he ought to be sparing, in the second he ought not to neglect any opportunity for liberality. And a prince should guard himself, above all things, against being despised and hated; and liberality leads you to both. Therefore it is wiser to have a reputation for meanness which brings reproach without hatred, than to be compelled through seeking a reputation for liberality to incur a name for rapacity which begets reproach with hatred.
And of all princes, it is impossible for the new prince to avoid the imputation of cruelty, owing to new states being full of dangers. Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved? It may be answered that one should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved, when, of the two, either must be dispensed with. Because this is to be asserted in general of men, that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed they are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children, as is said above, when the need is far distant; but when it approaches they turn against you. Nevertheless a prince ought to inspire fear in such a way that, if he does not win love, he avoids hatred; because he can endure very well being feared whilst he is not hated, which will always be as long as he abstains from the property of his citizens and subjects and from their women.
 Every one admits how praiseworthy it is in a prince to keep faith, and to live with integrity and not with craft. You must know there are two ways of contesting,(*) the one by the law, the other by force; the first method is proper to men, the second to beasts; but because the first is frequently not sufficient, it is necessary to have recourse to the second. Therefore it is necessary for a prince to understand how to avail himself of the beast and the man. A prince, therefore, being compelled knowingly to adopt the beast, ought to choose the fox and the lion; because the lion cannot defend himself against snares and the fox cannot defend himself against wolves. Therefore, it is necessary to be a fox to discover the snares and a lion to terrify the wolves. Therefore a wise lord cannot, nor ought he to, keep faith when such observance may be turned against him, and when the reasons that caused him to pledge it exist no longer. And you have to understand this, that a prince, especially a new one, cannot observe all those things for which men are esteemed, being often forced, in order to maintain the state, to act contrary to fidelity,(*) friendship, humanity, and religion.
It makes him hated above all things, as I have said, to be rapacious, and to be a violator of the property and women of his subjects, from both of which he must abstain. And when neither their property nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content, and he has only to contend with the ambition of a few, whom he can curb with ease in many ways. For this reason a prince ought to have two fears, one from within, on account of his subjects, the other from without, on account of external powers. And one of the most efficacious remedies that a prince can have against conspiracies is not to be hated and despised by the people, for he who conspires against a prince always expects to please them by his removal; but when the conspirator can only look forward to offending them, he will not have the courage to take such a course, for the difficulties that confront a conspirator are infinite. And, to reduce the matter into a small compass, I say that, on the side of the conspirator, there is nothing but fear, jealousy, prospect of punishment to terrify him; but on the side of the prince there is the majesty of the principality, the laws, the protection of friends and the state to defend him; so that, adding to all these things the popular goodwill, it is impossible that any one should be so rash as to conspire. Machiavelli's      strong condemnation of conspiracies may get its edge from      his own very recent experience (February 1513), when he had      been arrested and tortured for his alleged complicity in the      Boscoli conspiracy. And further, I consider that a prince ought to cherish the nobles, but not so as to make himself hated by the people. Which course was necessary, because, as princes cannot help being hated by someone, they ought, in the first place, to avoid being hated by every one, and when they cannot compass this, they ought to endeavour with the utmost diligence to avoid the hatred of the most powerful. He who will, therefore, carefully examine the actions of this man will find him a most valiant lion and a most cunning fox; he will find him feared and respected by every one, and not hated by the army; and it need not be wondered at that he, a new man, was able to hold the empire so well, because his supreme renown always protected him from that hatred which the people might have conceived against him for his violence. The kingdom of the Soldan is similar; being entirely in the hands of soldiers, it follows again that, without regard to the people, he must keep them his friends.
Some princes, so as to hold securely the state, have disarmed their subjects; others have kept their subject towns distracted by factions; others have fostered enmities against themselves; others have laid themselves out to gain over those whom they distrusted in the beginning of their governments; some have built fortresses; some have overthrown and destroyed them. And although one cannot give a final judgment on all of these things unless one possesses the particulars of those states in which a decision has to be made, nevertheless I will speak as comprehensively as the matter of itself will admit. Therefore, as I have said, a new prince in a new principality has always distributed arms. But when a prince acquires a new state, which he adds as a province to his old one, then it is necessary to disarm the men of that state, except those who have been his adherents in acquiring it; and these again, with time and opportunity, should be rendered soft and effeminate; and matters should be managed in such a way that all the armed men in the state shall be your own soldiers who in your old state were living near you. Fortresses, therefore, are useful or not according to circumstances; if they do you good in one way they injure you in another. And this question can be reasoned thus: the prince who has more to fear from the people than from foreigners ought to build fortresses, but he who has more to fear from foreigners than from the people ought to leave them alone. Therefore, it would have been safer for her, both then and before, not to have been hated by the people than to have had the fortresses.
 Nothing makes a prince so much esteemed as great enterprises and setting a fine example. We have in our time Ferdinand of Aragon, the present King of Spain. In the beginning of his reign he attacked Granada, and this enterprise was the foundation of his dominions. And a prince ought, above all things, always endeavour in every action to gain for himself the reputation of being a great and remarkable man. Thus it will always happen that he who is not your friend will demand your neutrality, whilst he who is your friend will entreat you to declare yourself with arms. But when a prince declares himself gallantly in favour of one side, if the party with whom he allies himself conquers, although the victor may be powerful and may have him at his mercy, yet he is indebted to him, and there is established a bond of amity; and men are never so shameless as to become a monument of ingratitude by oppressing you. In the second case, when those who fight are of such a character that you have no anxiety as to who may conquer, so much the more is it greater prudence to be allied, because you assist at the destruction of one by the aid of another who, if he had been wise, would have saved him; and conquering, as it is impossible that he should not do with your assistance, he remains at your discretion. A prince ought also to show himself a patron of ability, and to honour the proficient in every art. In both words the underlying idea is that of a      body of men united by an oath.
 The choice of servants is of no little importance to a prince, and they are good or not according to the discrimination of the prince. But to enable a prince to form an opinion of his servant there is one test which never fails; when you see the servant thinking more of his own interests than of yours, and seeking inwardly his own profit in everything, such a man will never make a good servant, nor will you ever be able to trust him; because he who has the state of another in his hands ought never to think of himself, but always of his prince, and never pay any attention to matters in which the prince is not concerned.
Therefore a wise prince ought to hold a third course by choosing the wise men in his state, and giving to them only the liberty of speaking the truth to him, and then only of those things of which he inquires, and of none others; but he ought to question them upon everything, and listen to their opinions, and afterwards form his own conclusions. A prince, therefore, ought always to take counsel, but only when he wishes and not when others wish; he ought rather to discourage every one from offering advice unless he asks it; but, however, he ought to be a constant inquirer, and afterwards a patient listener concerning the things of which he inquired; also, on learning that any one, on any consideration, has not told him the truth, he should let his anger be felt. Therefore it must be inferred that good counsels, whencesoever they come, are born of the wisdom of the prince, and not the wisdom of the prince from good counsels.
In the absence of these defects states that have power enough to keep an army in the field cannot be lost. Therefore, do not let our princes accuse fortune for the loss of their principalities after so many years' possession, but rather their own sloth, because in quiet times they never thought there could be a change (it is a common defect in man not to make any provision in the calm against the tempest), and when afterwards the bad times came they thought of flight and not of defending themselves, and they hoped that the people, disgusted with the insolence of the conquerors, would recall them.
This opinion has been more credited in our times because of the great changes in affairs which have been seen, and may still be seen, every day, beyond all human conjecture. Nevertheless, not to extinguish our free will, I hold it to be true that Fortune is the arbiter of one-half of our actions,(*) but that she still leaves us to direct the other half, or perhaps a little less. For if it had been defended by proper valour, as are Germany, Spain, and France, either this invasion would not have made the great changes it has made or it would not have come at all. And this I consider enough to say concerning resistance to fortune in general. Pope Julius the Second went to work impetuously in all his affairs, and found the times and circumstances conform so well to that line of action that he always met with success. Because the King of France would have made a thousand excuses, and the others would have raised a thousand fears.
This will not be difficult if you will recall to yourself the actions and lives of the men I have named. (*) Giuliano de Medici. He had just been created a cardinal      by Leo X. Here there is the greatest willingness, and where the willingness is great the difficulties cannot be great if you will only follow those men to whom I have directed your attention. Owing to this, as has been and may again be seen, the Spaniards are unable to resist French cavalry, and the Switzers are overthrown by Spanish infantry. It is possible, therefore, knowing the defects of both these infantries, to invent a new one, which will resist cavalry and not be afraid of infantry; this need not create a new order of arms, but a variation upon the old. And these are the kind of improvements which confer reputation and power upon a new prince. Nor can one express the love with which he would be received in all those provinces which have suffered so much from these foreign scourings, with what thirst for revenge, with what stubborn faith, with what devotion, with what tears.
  The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex. Their estate was large, and their residence was at Norland Park, in the centre of their property, where, for many generations, they had lived in so respectable a manner as to engage the general good opinion of their surrounding acquaintance. By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. By his own marriage, likewise, which happened soon afterwards, he added to his wealth. His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr. Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters. Mr. John Dashwood had not the strong feelings of the rest of the family; but he was affected by a recommendation of such a nature at such a time, and he promised to do every thing in his power to make them comfortable. But Mrs. John Dashwood was a strong caricature of himself;--more narrow-minded and selfish. She could consult with her brother, could receive her sister-in-law on her arrival, and treat her with proper attention; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion, and encourage her to similar forbearance.
  Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors. A continuance in a place where everything reminded her of former delight, was exactly what suited her mind. Mrs. John Dashwood did not at all approve of what her husband intended to do for his sisters. To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree. And as it is--only half blood!--But you have such a generous spirit!" "Certainly--and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a-piece. Indeed, to say the truth, I am convinced within myself that your father had no idea of your giving them any money at all. Altogether, they will have five hundred a-year amongst them, and what on earth can four women want for more than that?--They will live so cheap! Five hundred a year! "Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood. Your father thought only of THEM.
Mrs. Dashwood had been informed by her husband of the solemn promise on the part of his son in their favour, which gave comfort to his last earthly reflections. She doubted the sincerity of this assurance no more than he had doubted it himself, and she thought of it for her daughters' sake with satisfaction, though as for herself she was persuaded that a much smaller provision than 7000L would support her in affluence. But Mrs. Dashwood was alike uninfluenced by either consideration. But he was neither fitted by abilities nor disposition to answer the wishes of his mother and sister, who longed to see him distinguished--as--they hardly knew what. "It is enough," said she; "to say that he is unlike Fanny is enough. "Like him!" replied her mother with a smile. Mrs. Dashwood now took pains to get acquainted with him. "In a few months, my dear Marianne." said she, "Elinor will, in all probability be settled for life. Edward is very amiable, and I love him tenderly. Elinor has not my feelings, and therefore she may overlook it, and be happy with him. I require so much! He must have all Edward's virtues, and his person and manners must ornament his goodness with every possible charm." It is yet too early in life to despair of such a happiness.
  "What a pity it is, Elinor," said Marianne, "that Edward should have no taste for drawing." "I am sure," replied Elinor, with a smile, "that his dearest friends could not be dissatisfied with such commendation as that. She knew that what Marianne and her mother conjectured one moment, they believed the next--that with them, to wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect. She tried to explain the real state of the case to her sister. But farther than this you must not believe. But there are other points to be considered besides his inclination. He is very far from being independent. What his mother really is we cannot know; but, from Fanny's occasional mention of her conduct and opinions, we have never been disposed to think her amiable; and I am very much mistaken if Edward is not himself aware that there would be many difficulties in his way, if he were to wish to marry a woman who had not either a great fortune or high rank." Marianne was astonished to find how much the imagination of her mother and herself had outstripped the truth. said she. She could not consider her partiality for Edward in so prosperous a state as Marianne had believed it. There was, at times, a want of spirits about him which, if it did not denote indifference, spoke of something almost as unpromising. The letter was from this gentleman himself, and written in the true spirit of friendly accommodation. He earnestly pressed her, after giving the particulars of the house and garden, to come with her daughters to Barton Park, the place of his own residence, from whence she might judge, herself, whether Barton Cottage, for the houses were in the same parish, could, by any alteration, be made comfortable to her.
They heard her with surprise. Are you, indeed, going there? So far from hence! She concluded with a very kind invitation to Mr. and Mrs. John Dashwood to visit her at Barton; and to Edward she gave one with still greater affection. Mrs. Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth; it was ready furnished, and she might have immediate possession. But Mrs. Dashwood began shortly to give over every hope of the kind, and to be convinced, from the general drift of his discourse, that his assistance extended no farther than their maintenance for six months at Norland.
But as they drew towards the end of it, their interest in the appearance of a country which they were to inhabit overcame their dejection, and a view of Barton Valley as they entered it gave them cheerfulness. The situation of the house was good. In such employments as these they were interrupted soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of their landlord, who called to welcome them to Barton, and to offer them every accommodation from his own house and garden in which theirs might at present be deficient. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. He said much of his earnest desire of their living in the most sociable terms with his family, and pressed them so cordially to dine at Barton Park every day till they were better settled at home, that, though his entreaties were carried to a point of perseverance beyond civility, they could not give offence. Lady Middleton had sent a very civil message by him, denoting her intention of waiting on Mrs. Dashwood as soon as she could be assured that her visit would be no inconvenience; and as this message was answered by an invitation equally polite, her ladyship was introduced to them the next day.
  Barton Park was about half a mile from the cottage. Sir John was a sportsman, Lady Middleton a mother. Continual engagements at home and abroad, however, supplied all the deficiencies of nature and education; supported the good spirits of Sir John, and gave exercise to the good breeding of his wife. But Sir John's satisfaction in society was much more real; he delighted in collecting about him more young people than his house would hold, and the noisier they were the better was he pleased. The Miss Dashwoods were young, pretty, and unaffected. He hoped they would all excuse the smallness of the party, and could assure them it should never happen so again. Mrs. Jennings, Lady Middleton's mother, was a good-humoured, merry, fat, elderly woman, who talked a great deal, seemed very happy, and rather vulgar. He was silent and grave. There was nothing in any of the party which could recommend them as companions to the Dashwoods; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive, that in comparison of it the gravity of Colonel Brandon, and even the boisterous mirth of Sir John and his mother-in-law was interesting.
  Mrs. Jennings was a widow with an ample jointure. Mrs. Jennings had been anxious to see Colonel Brandon well married, ever since her connection with Sir John first brought him to her knowledge; and she was always anxious to get a good husband for every pretty girl. Colonel Brandon is certainly younger than Mrs. Jennings, but he is old enough to be MY father; and if he were ever animated enough to be in love, must have long outlived every sensation of the kind. When is a man to be safe from such wit, if age and infirmity will not protect him?" and is not that the commonest infirmity of declining life?" I am sure Edward Ferrars is not well. "I have never mentioned it to her, but of course she must." "How strange this is! In Edward's farewell there was no distinction between Elinor and me: it was the good wishes of an affectionate brother to both.
  The Dashwoods were now settled at Barton with tolerable comfort to themselves. The high downs which invited them from almost every window of the cottage to seek the exquisite enjoyment of air on their summits, were a happy alternative when the dirt of the valleys beneath shut up their superior beauties; and towards one of these hills did Marianne and Margaret one memorable morning direct their steps, attracted by the partial sunshine of a showery sky, and unable longer to bear the confinement which the settled rain of the two preceding days had occasioned. They set off. Mrs. Dashwood then begged to know to whom she was obliged. Sir John called on them as soon as the next interval of fair weather that morning allowed him to get out of doors; and Marianne's accident being related to him, he was eagerly asked whether he knew any gentleman of the name of Willoughby at Allenham. cried Sir John; "what, is HE in the country? "You know him then," said Mrs. Dashwood. "And what sort of a young man is he?" "But who is he?" said Elinor. On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence; and he told them that Mr. Willoughby had no property of his own in the country; that he resided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court, to whom he was related, and whose possessions he was to inherit; adding, "Yes, yes, he is very well worth catching I can tell you, Miss Dashwood; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besides; and if I were you, I would not give him up to my younger sister, in spite of all this tumbling down hills. I am glad to find, however, from what you say, that he is a respectable young man, and one whose acquaintance will not be ineligible." "That is an expression, Sir John," said Marianne, warmly, "which I particularly dislike.
  Marianne's preserver, as Margaret, with more elegance than precision, styled Willoughby, called at the cottage early the next morning to make his personal enquiries. Of their personal charms he had not required a second interview to be convinced. Marianne was still handsomer. --  "Elinor," cried Marianne, "is this fair? is this just? are my ideas so scanty? I have been too much at my ease, too happy, too frank. He came to them every day. Willoughby was all that her fancy had delineated in that unhappy hour and in every brighter period, as capable of attaching her; and his behaviour declared his wishes to be in that respect as earnest, as his abilities were strong. Perhaps she pitied and esteemed him the more because he was slighted by Willoughby and Marianne, who, prejudiced against him for being neither lively nor young, seemed resolved to undervalue his merits. "Brandon is just the kind of man," said Willoughby one day, when they were talking of him together, "whom every body speaks well of, and nobody cares about; whom all are delighted to see, and nobody remembers to talk to." "That he is patronised by YOU," replied Willoughby, "is certainly in his favour; but as for the esteem of the others, it is a reproach in itself.
  Little had Mrs. Dashwood or her daughters imagined when they first came into Devonshire, that so many engagements would arise to occupy their time as shortly presented themselves, or that they should have such frequent invitations and such constant visitors as to leave them little leisure for serious employment. Elinor could not be surprised at their attachment. This was the season of happiness to Marianne. Her heart was devoted to Willoughby, and the fond attachment to Norland, which she brought with her from Sussex, was more likely to be softened than she had thought it possible before, by the charms which his society bestowed on her present home. Colonel Brandon, unfortunately for himself, had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne, and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister.
Marianne told her, with the greatest delight, that Willoughby had given her a horse, one that he had bred himself on his estate in Somersetshire, and which was exactly calculated to carry a woman. It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy;--it is disposition alone. But by an appeal to her affection for her mother, by representing the inconveniences which that indulgent mother must draw on herself, if (as would probably be the case) she consented to this increase of establishment, Marianne was shortly subdued; and she promised not to tempt her mother to such imprudent kindness by mentioning the offer, and to tell Willoughby when she saw him next, that it must be declined. From that moment she doubted not of their being engaged to each other; and the belief of it created no other surprise than that she, or any of their friends, should be left by tempers so frank, to discover it by accident. "Oh, Elinor!" I am sure they will be married very soon, for he has got a lock of her hair." "But, indeed, Elinor, it is Marianne's. She was convinced that Margaret had fixed on a person whose name she could not bear with composure to become a standing joke with Mrs. Jennings. "No, THAT he is not.
She was prepared to be wet through, fatigued, and frightened; but the event was still more unfortunate, for they did not go at all. "What is the matter with Brandon?" "It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly." It came from town, and is merely a letter of business." You cannot go to town till tomorrow, Brandon, that is all." "You are very obliging. he must and shall come back," cried Sir John. "Ay, so do, Sir John," cried Mrs. Jennings, "and then perhaps you may find out what his business is." Colonel Brandon's horses were announced. "No. I shall then go post." "Well, as you are resolved to go, I wish you a good journey. He then took leave of the whole party. "And who is Miss Williams?" asked Marianne. It was settled that there should be a dance in the evening, and that every body should be extremely merry all day long. Mrs. Jennings laughed heartily; and Elinor found that in her resolution to know where they had been, she had actually made her own woman enquire of Mr. Willoughby's groom; and that she had by that method been informed that they had gone to Allenham, and spent a considerable time there in walking about the garden and going all over the house. Willoughby." Could Elinor have listened to her without interruption from the others, she would have described every room in the house with equal delight.
She wondered, with little intermission what could be the reason of it; was sure there must be some bad news, and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him, with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all. I do think he must have been sent for about money matters, for what else can it be? It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW, for he is a very prudent man, and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time. So wondered, so talked Mrs. Jennings. It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject, which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all. The cottage seemed to be considered and loved by him as his home; many more of his hours were spent there than at Allenham; and if no general engagement collected them at the park, the exercise which called him out in the morning was almost certain of ending there, where the rest of the day was spent by himself at the side of Marianne, and by his favourite pointer at her feet. he exclaimed--"Improve this dear cottage! "With dark narrow stairs and a kitchen that smokes, I suppose," said Elinor. Then, and then only, under such a roof, I might perhaps be as happy at Combe as I have been at Barton."
  Mrs. Dashwood's visit to Lady Middleton took place the next day, and two of her daughters went with her; but Marianne excused herself from being of the party, under some trifling pretext of employment; and her mother, who concluded that a promise had been made by Willoughby the night before of calling on her while they were absent, was perfectly satisfied with her remaining at home. On their return from the park they found Willoughby's curricle and servant in waiting at the cottage, and Mrs. Dashwood was convinced that her conjecture had been just. cried Mrs. Dashwood as she entered--"is she ill?" "And is Mrs. Smith your only friend? Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. He then hastily took leave of them all and left the room. --  "It was not inclination that he wanted, Elinor; I could plainly see THAT. This is what I believe to have happened. Are no probabilities to be accepted, merely because they are not certainties? But suspicion of something unpleasant is the inevitable consequence of such an alteration as we just witnessed in him. Willoughby may undoubtedly have very sufficient reasons for his conduct, and I will hope that he has. But it would have been more like Willoughby to acknowledge them at once. "I want no proof of their affection," said Elinor; "but of their engagement I do." My Elinor, is it possible to doubt their engagement? "No, I cannot think that. He must and does love her I am sure." I have had my doubts, I confess; but they are fainter than they were, and they may soon be entirely done away.
She was awake the whole night, and she wept the greatest part of it. No letter from Willoughby came; and none seemed expected by Marianne. Her mother was surprised, and Elinor again became uneasy. "Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby? From you, her mother, and so kind, so indulgent a mother, the question could not give offence. It would be the natural result of your affection for her. cried Marianne, with strong surprise. In a few minutes they could distinguish him to be a gentleman; and in a moment afterwards Marianne rapturously exclaimed,  "It is he; it is indeed;--I know it is!" The person is not tall enough for him, and has not his air." Marianne saw and listened with increasing surprise. said Elinor. Now there is no one to regard them. "Marianne," cried her sister, "how can you say so?
They had begun to fail him before he entered the house, and they were quite overcome by the captivating manners of Mrs. Dashwood. The whole family perceived it, and Mrs. Dashwood, attributing it to some want of liberality in his mother, sat down to table indignant against all selfish parents. I hope my mother is now convinced that I have no more talents than inclination for a public life!" Greatness will not make me so." Come, what is your competence?" What a happy day for booksellers, music-sellers, and print-shops! It is not likely that I should now see or hear any thing to change them." "But you would still be reserved," said Marianne, "and that is worse." Edward started--"Reserved! Am I reserved, Marianne?" "Yes, very." His gravity and thoughtfulness returned on him in their fullest extent--and he sat for some time silent and dull.
It was evident that he was unhappy; she wished it were equally evident that he still distinguished her by the same affection which once she had felt no doubt of inspiring; but hitherto the continuance of his preference seemed very uncertain; and the reservedness of his manner towards her contradicted one moment what a more animated look had intimated the preceding one. You must be satisfied with such admiration as I can honestly give. "It is very true," said Marianne, "that admiration of landscape scenery is become a mere jargon. I admire them much more if they are tall, straight, and flourishing. She was sitting by Edward, and in taking his tea from Mrs. Dashwood, his hand passed so directly before her, as to make a ring, with a plait of hair in the centre, very conspicuous on one of his fingers. "Is that Fanny's hair? But I should have thought her hair had been darker." Sir John never came to the Dashwoods without either inviting them to dine at the park the next day, or to drink tea with them that evening. Mrs. Jennings enforced the necessity. cried Marianne. "And who is Willoughby?" She gave him a brief reply.
  Edward remained a week at the cottage; he was earnestly pressed by Mrs. Dashwood to stay longer; but, as if he were bent only on self-mortification, he seemed resolved to be gone when his enjoyment among his friends was at the height. He had no pleasure at Norland; he detested being in town; but either to Norland or London, he must go. Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time. But that was not smart enough for my family. I was therefore entered at Oxford and have been properly idle ever since." Amongst them were Sir John and Lady Middleton and Mrs. Jennings, but there were two others, a gentleman and lady, who were quite unknown to her. It is only the Palmers. I have brought my other son and daughter to see you. Palmer?" Mrs. Palmer laughed, and said it would not do her any harm. "She expects to be confined in February," continued Mrs. Jennings. She got up to examine them. Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park. Mrs. Dashwood, who did not chuse to dine with them oftener than they dined at the cottage, absolutely refused on her own account; her daughters might do as they pleased. But they had no curiosity to see how Mr. and Mrs. Palmer ate their dinner, and no expectation of pleasure from them in any other way.
  As the Miss Dashwoods entered the drawing-room of the park the next day, at one door, Mrs. Palmer came running in at the other, looking as good humoured and merry as before. "I am so glad to see you!" "Not go to town!" Marianne looked very grave and said nothing. "You and I, Sir John," said Mrs. Jennings, "should not stand upon such ceremony." "Mr. Palmer is so droll!" said she, in a whisper, to Elinor. "But indeed you must and shall come. Palmer?" "He cannot bear writing, you know," she continued--"he says it is quite shocking." Elinor was again obliged to decline her invitation; and by changing the subject, put a stop to her entreaties. "My dear Mrs. Palmer!" Colonel Brandon tell you of it! "Is Mr. Willoughby much known in your part of Somersetshire?" said Elinor. I hope you will be a great deal at Combe Magna. Mr. Palmer is the kind of man I like."
  The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other. Lucy is monstrous pretty, and so good humoured and agreeable! Why they are your cousins, you know, after a fashion. said Miss Steele, as soon as they were gone. She did her best when thus called on, by speaking of Lady Middleton with more warmth than she felt, though with far less than Miss Lucy. "And Sir John too," cried the elder sister, "what a charming man he is!" added Miss Steele. Sir John could do no more; but he did not know that any more was required: to be together was, in his opinion, to be intimate, and while his continual schemes for their meeting were effectual, he had not a doubt of their being established friends. The Miss Steeles, as she expected, had now all the benefit of these jokes, and in the eldest of them they raised a curiosity to know the name of the gentleman alluded to, which, though often impertinently expressed, was perfectly of a piece with her general inquisitiveness into the concerns of their family. "Ferrars!" "Though we have seen him once or twice at my uncle's, it is rather too much to pretend to know him very well." Elinor heard all this with attention and surprise. How came they acquainted?"
Elinor DID think the question a very odd one, and her countenance expressed it, as she answered that she had never seen Mrs. Ferrars. Then, perhaps, you cannot tell me what sort of a woman she is?" Ferrars." And she did not feel much delighted with the idea of such a sister-in-law. What felt Elinor at that moment? "Our acquaintance, however, is of many years date. Poor Edward! It puts him quite out of heart." Lucy spoke first. As she said this, she looked directly at her companion. repeated Lucy. Elinor saw that it WAS his hand, and she could doubt no longer. I gave him a lock of my hair set in a ring when he was at Longstaple last, and that was some comfort to him, he said, but not equal to a picture. After sitting with them a few minutes, the Miss Steeles returned to the Park, and Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched.
Was his engagement to Lucy an engagement of the heart? No; whatever it might once have been, she could not believe it such at present. She could not be deceived in that. He certainly loved her. In that, he could not be defended; but if he had injured her, how much more had he injured himself; if her case were pitiable, his was hopeless. She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again, she wanted more clearly to understand what Lucy really felt for Edward, whether there were any sincerity in her declaration of tender regard for him, and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy, by her readiness to enter on the matter again, and her calmness in conversing on it, that she was no otherwise interested in it than as a friend, which she very much feared her involuntary agitation, in their morning discourse, must have left at least doubtful. And even Sir John's joking intelligence must have had some weight. Lucy directly drew her work table near her and reseated herself with an alacrity and cheerfulness which seemed to infer that she could taste no greater delight than in making a filigree basket for a spoilt child. No one made any objection but Marianne, who with her usual inattention to the forms of general civility, exclaimed, "Your Ladyship will have the goodness to excuse ME--you know I detest cards.
  In a firm, though cautious tone, Elinor thus began. Mr. Ferrars, I believe, is entirely dependent on his mother." "He has only two thousand pounds of his own; it would be madness to marry upon that, though for my own part, I could give up every prospect of more without a sigh. Elinor hardly knew whether to smile or sigh at this assertion. Lucy went on. Lucy looked at Elinor again, and was silent. asked Elinor. "I can answer for it that Miss Dashwood's is not," said Mrs. Jennings, laughing heartily; "for he is one of the modestest, prettiest behaved young men I ever saw; but as for Lucy, she is such a sly little creature, there is no finding out who SHE likes." Elinor thought it wisest to make no answer to this, lest they might provoke each other to an unsuitable increase of ease and unreserve; and was even partly determined never to mention the subject again. Another pause therefore of many minutes' duration, succeeded this speech, and Lucy was still the first to end it. said she with all her accustomary complacency. "Certainly not." To be sure, your brother and sister will ask you to come to them." "It will not be in my power to accept their invitation if they do." "How unlucky that is! The visit of the Miss Steeles at Barton Park was lengthened far beyond what the first invitation implied.
Mrs. Jennings received the refusal with some surprise, and repeated her invitation immediately. But one or the other, if not both of them, I must have. "And what," said Mrs. Dashwood, "is my dear prudent Elinor going to suggest? "If Elinor is frightened away by her dislike of Mrs. Jennings," said Marianne, "at least it need not prevent MY accepting her invitation. Mrs. Dashwood smiled, and said nothing. Their departure took place in the first week in January.
A short, a very short time however must now decide what Willoughby's intentions were; in all probability he was already in town. The house was handsome, and handsomely fitted up, and the young ladies were immediately put in possession of a very comfortable apartment. As dinner was not to be ready in less than two hours from their arrival, Elinor determined to employ the interval in writing to her mother, and sat down for that purpose. It was a great satisfaction to Elinor that Mrs. Jennings, by being much engaged in her own room, could see little of what was passing. Mrs. Jennings soon came in. I warrant you she is a fine size by this time." Elinor now began to make the tea, and Marianne was obliged to appear again. After her entrance, Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before, and Mrs. Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long. Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits and happy looks. "Has no letter been left here for me since we went out?" she replied.
"At any rate," said Elinor, wishing to prevent Mrs. Jennings from seeing her sister's thoughts as clearly as she did, "I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week." About a week after their arrival, it became certain that Willoughby was also arrived. But Marianne seemed hardly to hear her, and on Mrs. Jennings's entrance, escaped with the precious card. cried Marianne, stepping hastily forward. After a short pause. returned Elinor in some confusion; "indeed, Marianne, I have nothing to tell." replied Elinor. "I do not know." cried Marianne. Her letter was scarcely finished, when a rap foretold a visitor, and Colonel Brandon was announced. He tried to smile as he replied, "your sister's engagement to Mr. Willoughby is very generally known." Is it impossible to-? She acknowledged, therefore, that though she had never been informed by themselves of the terms on which they stood with each other, of their mutual affection she had no doubt, and of their correspondence she was not astonished to hear.
They were engaged about the end of that time to attend Lady Middleton to a party, from which Mrs. Jennings was kept away by the indisposition of her youngest daughter; and for this party, Marianne, wholly dispirited, careless of her appearance, and seeming equally indifferent whether she went or staid, prepared, without one look of hope or one expression of pleasure. Elinor turned involuntarily to Marianne, to see whether it could be unobserved by her. why cannot I speak to him?" He approached, and addressing himself rather to Elinor than Marianne, as if wishing to avoid her eye, and determined not to observe her attitude, inquired in a hurried manner after Mrs. Dashwood, and asked how long they had been in town. Willoughby, what is the meaning of this? What can be the meaning of it? No, my dearest Marianne, you must wait. In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase, and telling Marianne that he was gone, urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening, as a fresh argument for her to be calm.
That good lady, however, saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby, which appeared to her a very good joke, and which she treated accordingly, by hoping, with a laugh, that she would find it to her liking. MY girls were nothing to her, and yet they used to be foolish enough; but as for Miss Marianne, she is quite an altered creature. Determined not to quit Marianne, though hopeless of contributing, at present, to her ease, she hurried away to excuse herself from attending Mrs. Jennings, on account of her sister being indisposed. "Do you call ME happy, Marianne? "And you will never see me otherwise. cried Marianne, "there has been no engagement." I was repulsed indeed! The morning that we parted too! Oh, Willoughby, Willoughby, could this be yours! 'The lock of hair, (repeating it from the letter,) which you so obligingly bestowed on me'--That is unpardonable. "No, Marianne, in no possible way." "Elinor, I must go home. "To-morrow, Marianne!" Oh, what would HE say to that!"
  Mrs. Jennings came immediately to their room on her return, and without waiting to have her request of admittance answered, opened the door and walked in with a look of real concern. cried Mrs. Jennings, as soon as she was gone, "how it grieves me to see her! And the dried cherries too! dashing about with his curricle and hunters! Is she said to be amiable?" --  "And who are the Ellisons?" Let her name her own supper, and go to bed. If we CAN but put Willoughby out of her head!" how fond he was of it! "You mean," answered Elinor, with forced calmness, "Mr. Willoughby's marriage with Miss Grey. said Colonel Brandon, "there is, indeed!
Marianne moved to the window--  "It is Colonel Brandon!" said she, with vexation. "He will not come in, as Mrs. Jennings is from home." The event proved her conjecture right, though it was founded on injustice and error; for Colonel Brandon DID come in; and Elinor, who was convinced that solicitude for Marianne brought him thither, and who saw THAT solicitude in his disturbed and melancholy look, and in his anxious though brief inquiry after her, could not forgive her sister for esteeming him so lightly. He stopped. She was married--married against her inclination to my brother. This however was not the case. She loved the child, and had always kept it with her. --  "The first news that reached me of her," he continued, "came in a letter from herself, last October. It was forwarded to me from Delaford, and I received it on the very morning of our intended party to Whitwell; and this was the reason of my leaving Barton so suddenly, which I am sure must at the time have appeared strange to every body, and which I believe gave offence to some. He had left her, promising to return; he neither returned, nor wrote, nor relieved her." Elinor sighed over the fancied necessity of this; but to a man and a soldier she presumed not to censure it. "Such," said Colonel Brandon, after a pause, "has been the unhappy resemblance between the fate of mother and daughter! "Is she still in town?"
mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets, which SHE could wish her not to indulge! From all danger of seeing Willoughby again, her mother considered her to be at least equally safe in town as in the country, since his acquaintance must now be dropped by all who called themselves her friends. Marianne, though without knowing it herself, reaped all its advantage; for neither Mrs. Jennings, nor Sir John, nor even Mrs. Palmer herself, ever spoke of him before her. Such a good-natured fellow! He would not speak another word to him, meet him where he might, for all the world! Elinor only was sorry to see them. "I suppose you will go and stay with your brother and sister, Miss Dashwood, when they come to town," said Lucy, returning, after a cessation of hostile hints, to the charge. "Long a time, indeed!" "Oh, dear, that is a great pity!
  After some opposition, Marianne yielded to her sister's entreaties, and consented to go out with her and Mrs. Jennings one morning for half an hour. Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days. Mr. Dashwood attended them down stairs, was introduced to Mrs. Jennings at the door of her carriage, and repeating his hope of being able to call on them the next day, took leave. His visit was duly paid. After staying with them half an hour, he asked Elinor to walk with him to Conduit Street, and introduce him to Sir John and Lady Middleton. "Who is Colonel Brandon? "Yes; he has very good property in Dorsetshire." What is the amount of his fortune?" "Is Mr. Edward Ferrars," said Elinor, with resolution, "going to be married?" He has a most excellent mother. But, my dear Elinor, what is the matter with Marianne?-- she looks very unwell, has lost her colour, and is grown quite thin. Elinor tried very seriously to convince him that there was no likelihood of her marrying Colonel Brandon; but it was an expectation of too much pleasure to himself to be relinquished, and he was really resolved on seeking an intimacy with that gentleman, and promoting the marriage by every possible attention. They were lucky enough to find Lady Middleton at home, and Sir John came in before their visit ended. Such a woman as I am sure Fanny will be glad to know.
Lady Middleton was equally pleased with Mrs. Dashwood. Edward assured them himself of his being in town, within a very short time, by twice calling in Berkeley Street. The Dashwoods were so prodigiously delighted with the Middletons, that, though not much in the habit of giving anything, they determined to give them--a dinner; and soon after their acquaintance began, invited them to dine in Harley Street, where they had taken a very good house for three months. Their sisters and Mrs. Jennings were invited likewise, and John Dashwood was careful to secure Colonel Brandon, who, always glad to be where the Miss Dashwoods were, received his eager civilities with some surprise, but much more pleasure. They were to meet Mrs. Ferrars; but Elinor could not learn whether her sons were to be of the party. The interest with which she thus anticipated the party, was soon afterwards increased, more powerfully than pleasantly, by her hearing that the Miss Steeles were also to be at it. Mrs. Ferrars was a little, thin woman, upright, even to formality, in her figure, and serious, even to sourness, in her aspect. "These are done by my eldest sister," said he; "and you, as a man of taste, will, I dare say, be pleased with them. "Poor Marianne!"
Mrs. Ferrars is a charming woman, and so is your sister. But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister. Lucy continued. "Dear Edward!" she replied with spirited earnestness, though her eyes were filled with tears as she spoke, "don't think of MY health. Elinor is well, you see. This remark was not calculated to make Edward or Elinor more easy, nor to conciliate the good will of Lucy, who looked up at Marianne with no very benignant expression. Edward, it is so, and I will say it. But even this encouragement failed, for he would go; and Lucy, who would have outstaid him, had his visit lasted two hours, soon afterwards went away. "Could not she see that we wanted her gone!--how teazing to Edward!" "Why so?--we were all his friends, and Lucy has been the longest known to him of any. Marianne looked at her steadily, and said, "You know, Elinor, that this is a kind of talking which I cannot bear.
  Within a few days after this meeting, the newspapers announced to the world, that the lady of Thomas Palmer, Esq. Their hours were therefore made over to Lady Middleton and the two Miss Steeles, by whom their company, in fact was as little valued, as it was professedly sought. Though nothing could be more polite than Lady Middleton's behaviour to Elinor and Marianne, she did not really like them at all. The consequence of which was, that Mrs. John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods, but, what was still worse, must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention: and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time? Fanny was startled at the proposal. The Miss Steeles removed to Harley Street, and all that reached Elinor of their influence there, strengthened her expectation of the event.
my dear Miss Dashwood! have you heard the news?" is Fanny ill?" THEN she fell into hysterics again, and he was so frightened that he would send for Mr. Donavan, and Mr. Donavan found the house in all this uproar. what a taking poor Mr. Edward will be in when he hears of it! I have no pity for either of them. She would not even admit it to have been natural; and Elinor left her to be convinced that it was so, by that which only could convince her, a better knowledge of mankind. Elinor confirmed it. Marianne seemed much struck. I acquit Edward of essential misconduct. Poor Fanny! Your exclamation is very natural." "Then," cried Mrs. Jennings with blunt sincerity, no longer able to be silent, "he has acted like an honest man! Edward has drawn his own lot, and I fear it will be a bad one." Marianne got up and walked about the room. Poor Edward!
Mrs. Jennings and Elinor were of the number; but Marianne, who knew that the Willoughbys were again in town, and had a constant dread of meeting them, chose rather to stay at home, than venture into so public a place. She saw nothing of the Willoughbys, nothing of Edward, and for some time nothing of anybody who could by any chance whether grave or gay, be interesting to her. Mrs. Jennings immediately whispered to Elinor,  "Get it all out of her, my dear. "That is a good thing. Good gracious! I heard him say all this as plain as could possibly be. there is nothing in THAT. Elinor tried to talk of something else; but Miss Steele could not be kept beyond a couple of minutes, from what was uppermost in her mind. Edward have got some business at Oxford, he says; so he must go there for a time; and after THAT, as soon as he can light upon a Bishop, he will be ordained. He makes a monstrous deal of money, and they keep their own coach. The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself. It is as pretty a letter as ever I saw, and does Lucy's head and heart great credit."
The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March, for the Easter holidays; and Mrs. Jennings, with both her friends, received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them. "No, I cannot go to Cleveland." --  "You forget," said Elinor gently, "that its situation is not...that it is not in the neighbourhood of..."  "But it is in Somersetshire.--I cannot go into Somersetshire.--There, where I looked forward to going...No, Elinor, you cannot expect me to go there." This set the matter beyond a doubt. She wondered, indeed, at his thinking it necessary to do so; but supposed it to be the proper etiquette. I understand that he intends to take orders. Such as it is, however, my pleasure in presenting it to him, will be very great. "This little rectory CAN do no more than make Mr. Ferrars comfortable as a bachelor; it cannot enable him to marry.
"Thank you, ma'am," said Elinor. "Well, and whose fault is that? very well," said Mrs. Jennings rather disappointed. This speech at first puzzled Mrs. Jennings exceedingly. Should not the Colonel write himself?--sure, he is the proper person." She is an excellent housemaid, and works very well at her needle. Elinor told him the number of the house. "I must hurry away then, to give him those thanks which you will not allow me to give YOU; to assure him that he has made me a very--an exceedingly happy man." And with this pleasing anticipation, she sat down to reconsider the past, recall the words and endeavour to comprehend all the feelings of Edward; and, of course, to reflect on her own with discontent. "Two or three months!" cried Mrs. Jennings; "Lord! Sure somebody else might be found that would do as well; somebody that is in orders already." But, my dear, we must touch up the Colonel to do some thing to the parsonage, and make it comfortable for them, before Lucy goes to it." "The Colonel is a ninny, my dear; because he has two thousand a-year himself, he thinks that nobody else can marry on less.
They walked up stairs in to the drawing-room.--Nobody was there. --  Elinor made what excuse she could for her. "About two hundred a year." --he cried, after hearing what she said--"what could be the Colonel's motive?" Mrs. Ferrars is one of the most affectionate mothers in the world." "I only mean that I suppose, from your manner of speaking, it must be the same to Miss Morton whether she marry Edward or Robert." Elinor said no more, and John was also for a short time silent.--His reflections ended thus. After a few moments' chat, John Dashwood, recollecting that Fanny was yet uninformed of her sister's being there, quitted the room in quest of her; and Elinor was left to improve her acquaintance with Robert, who, by the gay unconcern, the happy self-complacency of his manner while enjoying so unfair a division of his mother's love and liberality, to the prejudice of his banished brother, earned only by his own dissipated course of life, and that brother's integrity, was confirming her most unfavourable opinion of his head and heart. Poor Edward! But now it is all too late.
Very early in April, and tolerably early in the day, the two parties from Hanover Square and Berkeley Street set out from their respective homes, to meet, by appointment, on the road. Elinor's satisfaction, at the moment of removal, was more positive. With great surprise therefore, did she find herself prevented by a settled rain from going out again after dinner. Mrs. Palmer had her child, and Mrs. Jennings her carpet-work; they talked of the friends they had left behind, arranged Lady Middleton's engagements, and wondered whether Mr. Palmer and Colonel Brandon would get farther than Reading that night. Elinor had seen so little of Mr. Palmer, and in that little had seen so much variety in his address to her sister and herself, that she knew not what to expect to find him in his own family.
Poor Marianne, languid and low from the nature of her malady, and feeling herself universally ill, could no longer hope that tomorrow would find her recovered; and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced, but for this unlucky illness, made every ailment severe; for on that day they were to have begun their journey home; and, attended the whole way by a servant of Mrs. Jennings, were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon. Mrs. Jennings had determined very early in the seizure that Marianne would never get over it, and Colonel Brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to Mrs. Jennings's forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. "But she must not go round by London," cried Marianne, in the same hurried manner. The horses arrived, even before they were expected, and Colonel Brandon only pressing her hand with a look of solemnity, and a few words spoken too low to reach her ear, hurried into the carriage. Elinor, catching all, and more than all, his fears in a moment, proposed to call in further advice. Elinor could not be cheerful. The time was now drawing on, when Colonel Brandon might be expected back. The night was cold and stormy. Never in her life had Elinor found it so difficult to be calm, as at that moment.
My business is with you, and only you." "With me!" The possibility of Colonel Brandon's arriving and finding her there, came across her. "For God's sake tell me, is she out of danger, or is she not?" "We hope she is." He rose up, and walked across the room. "If that is all, you may be satisfied already,--for Marianne DOES--she has LONG forgiven you." Miss Dashwood, at this point, turning her eyes on him with the most angry contempt, stopped him, by saying,  "It is hardly worth while, Mr. Willoughby, for you to relate, or for me to listen any longer. "Well, sir, and what said Mrs. Smith?" In short, it ended in a total breach. Willoughby?" They were both silent for a few moments. He stopped. "Well, sir," said Elinor, who, though pitying him, grew impatient for his departure, "and this is all?" To know that Marianne was in town was--in the same language--a thunderbolt.--Thunderbolts and daggers!--what a reproof would she have given me!--her taste, her opinions--I believe they are better known to me than my own,--and I am sure they are dearer." "Your poor mother, too!--doting on Marianne." "But the letter, Mr. Willoughby, your own letter; have you any thing to say about that?" You tell me that she has forgiven me already. Elinor made no answer. The world had made him extravagant and vain--Extravagance and vanity had made him cold-hearted and selfish. He held out his hand. "And you DO think something better of me than you did?" "As to that," said he, "I must rub through the world as well as I can. Marianne to be sure is lost to me for ever.
Mrs. Dashwood WOULD sit up with her all night; and Elinor, in compliance with her mother's entreaty, went to bed. Willoughby, "poor Willoughby," as she now allowed herself to call him, was constantly in her thoughts; she would not but have heard his vindication for the world, and now blamed, now acquitted herself for having judged him so harshly before. Marianne continued to mend every day, and the brilliant cheerfulness of Mrs. Dashwood's looks and spirits proved her to be, as she repeatedly declared herself, one of the happiest women in the world. But Mrs. Dashwood, trusting to the temperate account of her own disappointment which Elinor had sent her, was led away by the exuberance of her joy to think only of what would increase it. Colonel Brandon loves Marianne. And I believe Marianne will be the most happy with him of the two." "Colonel Brandon's character," said Elinor, "as an excellent man, is well established." There, however, he is quite mistaken. Elinor could NOT remember it;--but her mother, without waiting for her assent, continued,  "And his manners, the Colonel's manners are not only more pleasing to me than Willoughby's ever were, but they are of a kind I well know to be more solidly attaching to Marianne. Their gentleness, their genuine attention to other people, and their manly unstudied simplicity is much more accordant with her real disposition, than the liveliness--often artificial, and often ill-timed of the other.
When there, at her own particular request, for she was impatient to pour forth her thanks to him for fetching her mother, Colonel Brandon was invited to visit her. The day of separation and departure arrived; and Marianne, after taking so particular and lengthened a leave of Mrs. Jennings, one so earnestly grateful, so full of respect and kind wishes as seemed due to her own heart from a secret acknowledgment of past inattention, and bidding Colonel Brandon farewell with a cordiality of a friend, was carefully assisted by him into the carriage, of which he seemed anxious that she should engross at least half. Her smile however changed to a sigh when she remembered that promise to Willoughby was yet unfulfilled, and feared she had that to communicate which might again unsettle the mind of Marianne, and ruin at least for a time this fair prospect of busy tranquillity. --  Elinor tenderly invited her to be open. Elinor said no more. He will suffer enough in them." But you,--you above all, above my mother, had been wronged by me. As soon as they entered the house, Marianne with a kiss of gratitude and these two words just articulate through her tears, "Tell mama," withdrew from her sister and walked slowly up stairs.
But the feelings of the past could not be recalled.--Nothing could restore him with a faith unbroken--a character unblemished, to Marianne. I never could have been happy with him, after knowing, as sooner or later I must have known, all this.--I should have had no confidence, no esteem. His expensiveness is acknowledged even by himself, and his whole conduct declares that self-denial is a word hardly understood by him. in a tone that implied--"do you really think him selfish?" It has not made him happy. Elinor grew impatient for some tidings of Edward. She had heard nothing of him since her leaving London, nothing new of his plans, nothing certain even of his present abode. The servant, who saw only that Miss Marianne was taken ill, had sense enough to call one of the maids, who, with Mrs. Dashwood's assistance, supported her into the other room. "Who told you that Mr. Ferrars was married, Thomas?" Mrs. Dashwood now looked at her daughter; but Elinor knew better than to expect them. She recognised the whole of Lucy in the message, and was very confident that Edward would never come near them. She observed in a low voice, to her mother, that they were probably going down to Mr. Pratt's, near Plymouth. "Did Mrs. Ferrars look well?" Mrs. Dashwood feared to hazard any remark, and ventured not to offer consolation. She feared that under this persuasion she had been unjust, inattentive, nay, almost unkind, to her Elinor;--that Marianne's affliction, because more acknowledged, more immediately before her, had too much engrossed her tenderness, and led her away to forget that in Elinor she might have a daughter suffering almost as much, certainly with less self-provocation, and greater fortitude.
That he should be married soon, before (as she imagined) he could be in orders, and consequently before he could be in possession of the living, surprised her a little at first. They were all thoughtless or indolent. "When do you write to Colonel Brandon, ma'am?" I earnestly pressed his coming to us, and should not be surprised to see him walk in today or tomorrow, or any day." He stopt at their gate. Now she could hear more; and she trembled in expectation of it. They all waited in silence for the appearance of their visitor. His countenance, as he entered the room, was not too happy, even for Elinor. It was put an end to by Mrs. Dashwood, who felt obliged to hope that he had left Mrs. Ferrars very well. "At Longstaple!" "I meant," said Elinor, taking up some work from the table, "to inquire for Mrs. EDWARD Ferrars." "Yes," said he, "they were married last week, and are now at Dawlish."
But Elinor--how are HER feelings to be described?--From the moment of learning that Lucy was married to another, that Edward was free, to the moment of his justifying the hopes which had so instantly followed, she was every thing by turns but tranquil. He put the letter into Elinor's hands. In what state the affair stood at present between them, Edward knew not, for no communication with any of his family had yet been attempted by him. It was his business, however, to say that he DID, and he said it very prettily. And even now, I cannot comprehend on what motive she acted, or what fancied advantage it could be to her, to be fettered to a man for whom she had not the smallest regard, and who had only two thousand pounds in the world. NOW he felt astonished himself that he had never yet been to the place. About four days after Edward's arrival Colonel Brandon appeared, to complete Mrs. Dashwood's satisfaction, and to give her the dignity of having, for the first time since her living at Barton, more company with her than her house would hold. Poor Mr. Edward! It determined him to attempt a reconciliation, though not exactly in the manner pointed out by their brother and sister. "A letter of proper submission!" He agreed that he might. After a visit on Colonel Brandon's side of only three or four days, the two gentlemen quitted Barton together.-- They were to go immediately to Delaford, that Edward might have some personal knowledge of his future home, and assist his patron and friend in deciding on what improvements were needed to it; and from thence, after staying there a couple of nights, he was to proceed on his journey to town.
It was as much, however, as was desired, and more than was expected, by Edward and Elinor; and Mrs. Ferrars herself, by her shuffling excuses, seemed the only person surprised at her not giving more. Mrs. Jennings's prophecies, though rather jumbled together, were chiefly fulfilled; for she was able to visit Edward and his wife in their Parsonage by Michaelmas, and she found in Elinor and her husband, as she really believed, one of the happiest couples in the world. Mrs. Ferrars came to inspect the happiness which she was almost ashamed of having authorised; and even the Dashwoods were at the expense of a journey from Sussex to do them honour. --  But though Mrs. Ferrars DID come to see them, and always treated them with the make-believe of decent affection, they were never insulted by her real favour and preference. THAT was due to the folly of Robert, and the cunning of his wife; and it was earned by them before many months had passed away. Elinor's marriage divided her as little from her family as could well be contrived, without rendering the cottage at Barton entirely useless, for her mother and sisters spent much more than half their time with her. They each felt his sorrows, and their own obligations, and Marianne, by general consent, was to be the reward of all. Colonel Brandon was now as happy, as all those who best loved him, believed he deserved to be;--in Marianne he was consoled for every past affliction;--her regard and her society restored his mind to animation, and his spirits to cheerfulness; and that Marianne found her own happiness in forming his, was equally the persuasion and delight of each observing friend. Mrs. Dashwood was prudent enough to remain at the cottage, without attempting a removal to Delaford; and fortunately for Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, when Marianne was taken from them, Margaret had reached an age highly suitable for dancing, and not very ineligible for being supposed to have a lover. THE END
  The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex. In the society of his nephew and niece, and their children, the old Gentleman's days were comfortably spent. The constant attention of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dashwood to his wishes, which proceeded not merely from interest, but from goodness of heart, gave him every degree of solid comfort which his age could receive; and the cheerfulness of the children added a relish to his existence. By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. Mr. Dashwood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son;--but to his son, and his son's son, a child of four years old, it was secured, in such a way, as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most dear to him, and who most needed a provision by any charge on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods. His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr. Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters. But Mrs. John Dashwood was a strong caricature of himself;--more narrow-minded and selfish. She was sensible and clever; but eager in everything: her sorrows, her joys, could have no moderation. The resemblance between her and her mother was strikingly great. Elinor saw, with concern, the excess of her sister's sensibility; but by Mrs. Dashwood it was valued and cherished.
Mrs. John Dashwood did not at all approve of what her husband intended to do for his sisters. To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree. She begged him to think again on the subject. "It was my father's last request to me," replied her husband, "that I should assist his widow and daughters." "He did not know what he was talking of, I dare say; ten to one but he was light-headed at the time. "Certainly--and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a-piece. A hundred a year would make them all perfectly comfortable." His wife hesitated a little, however, in giving her consent to this plan. "To be sure," said she, "it is better than parting with fifteen hundred pounds at once. But, then, if Mrs. Dashwood should live fifteen years we shall be completely taken in." "Fifteen years! Do but consider, my dear Mr. Dashwood, how excessively comfortable your mother-in-law and her daughters may live on the interest of seven thousand pounds, besides the thousand pounds belonging to each of the girls, which brings them in fifty pounds a year a-piece, and, of course, they will pay their mother for their board out of it. Altogether, they will have five hundred a-year amongst them, and what on earth can four women want for more than that?--They will live so cheap! They will be much more able to give YOU something." "Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood. When your father and mother moved to Norland, though the furniture of Stanhill was sold, all the china, plate, and linen was saved, and is now left to your mother.
  Mrs. Dashwood remained at Norland several months; not from any disinclination to move when the sight of every well known spot ceased to raise the violent emotion which it produced for a while; for when her spirits began to revive, and her mind became capable of some other exertion than that of heightening its affliction by melancholy remembrances, she was impatient to be gone, and indefatigable in her inquiries for a suitable dwelling in the neighbourhood of Norland; for to remove far from that beloved spot was impossible. But Mrs. Dashwood was alike uninfluenced by either consideration. But he was neither fitted by abilities nor disposition to answer the wishes of his mother and sister, who longed to see him distinguished--as--they hardly knew what. She saw only that he was quiet and unobtrusive, and she liked him for it. replied her mother with a smile. "I feel no sentiment of approbation inferior to love." Mrs. Dashwood now took pains to get acquainted with him. "In a few months, my dear Marianne." said she, "Elinor will, in all probability be settled for life. Mama, how shall we do without her?" "My love, it will be scarcely a separation. Edward is very amiable, and I love him tenderly. "He would certainly have done more justice to simple and elegant prose. It is yet too early in life to despair of such a happiness.
  "What a pity it is, Elinor," said Marianne, "that Edward should have no taste for drawing." She would not wound the feelings of her sister on any account, and yet to say what she did not believe was impossible. At present, I know him so well, that I think him really handsome; or at least, almost so. What say you, Marianne?" She tried to explain the real state of the case to her sister. Cold-hearted Elinor! He is very far from being independent. Marianne was astonished to find how much the imagination of her mother and herself had outstripped the truth. "And you really are not engaged to him!" But two advantages will proceed from this delay. Elinor had given her real opinion to her sister. Nay, the longer they were together the more doubtful seemed the nature of his regard; and sometimes, for a few painful minutes, she believed it to be no more than friendship. The situation of Barton, in a county so far distant from Sussex as Devonshire, which, but a few hours before, would have been a sufficient objection to outweigh every possible advantage belonging to the place, was now its first recommendation. She instantly wrote Sir John Middleton her acknowledgment of his kindness, and her acceptance of his proposal; and then hastened to shew both letters to her daughters, that she might be secure of their approbation before her answer were sent.
Mrs. John Dashwood said nothing; but her husband civilly hoped that she would not be settled far from Norland. And to what part of it?" She explained the situation. He really felt conscientiously vexed on the occasion; for the very exertion to which he had limited the performance of his promise to his father was by this arrangement rendered impracticable.-- The furniture was all sent around by water. Mrs. Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth; it was ready furnished, and she might have immediate possession. HER wisdom too limited the number of their servants to three; two maids and a man, with whom they were speedily provided from amongst those who had formed their establishment at Norland. In a very few weeks from the day which brought Sir John Middleton's first letter to Norland, every thing was so far settled in their future abode as to enable Mrs. Dashwood and her daughters to begin their journey.
After winding along it for more than a mile, they reached their own house. As a house, Barton Cottage, though small, was comfortable and compact; but as a cottage it was defective, for the building was regular, the roof was tiled, the window shutters were not painted green, nor were the walls covered with honeysuckles. The situation of the house was good. In such employments as these they were interrupted soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of their landlord, who called to welcome them to Barton, and to offer them every accommodation from his own house and garden in which theirs might at present be deficient. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. Lady Middleton was not more than six or seven and twenty; her face was handsome, her figure tall and striking, and her address graceful. An opportunity was soon to be given to the Dashwoods of debating on the rest of the children, as Sir John would not leave the house without securing their promise of dining at the park the next day.
  Barton Park was about half a mile from the cottage. Sir John was a sportsman, Lady Middleton a mother. He hunted and shot, and she humoured her children; and these were their only resources. Lady Middleton piqued herself upon the elegance of her table, and of all her domestic arrangements; and from this kind of vanity was her greatest enjoyment in any of their parties. Colonel Brandon, the friend of Sir John, seemed no more adapted by resemblance of manner to be his friend, than Lady Middleton was to be his wife, or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton's mother. There was nothing in any of the party which could recommend them as companions to the Dashwoods; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive, that in comparison of it the gravity of Colonel Brandon, and even the boisterous mirth of Sir John and his mother-in-law was interesting. In the evening, as Marianne was discovered to be musical, she was invited to play. Lady Middleton frequently called him to order, wondered how any one's attention could be diverted from music for a moment, and asked Marianne to sing a particular song which Marianne had just finished.
  Mrs. Jennings was a widow with an ample jointure. She was remarkably quick in the discovery of attachments, and had enjoyed the advantage of raising the blushes and the vanity of many a young lady by insinuations of her power over such a young man; and this kind of discernment enabled her soon after her arrival at Barton decisively to pronounce that Colonel Brandon was very much in love with Marianne Dashwood. At the park she laughed at the colonel, and in the cottage at Marianne. When is a man to be safe from such wit, if age and infirmity will not protect him?" and is not that the commonest infirmity of declining life?" It would be a compact of convenience, and the world would be satisfied. In my eyes it would be no marriage at all, but that would be nothing. To me it would seem only a commercial exchange, in which each wished to be benefited at the expense of the other." "It would be impossible, I know," replied Elinor, "to convince you that a woman of seven and twenty could feel for a man of thirty-five anything near enough to love, to make him a desirable companion to her. said Mrs. Dashwood. But the whole of their behaviour to each other has been unaccountable!
  The Dashwoods were now settled at Barton with tolerable comfort to themselves. The whole country about them abounded in beautiful walks. Margaret agreed, and they pursued their way against the wind, resisting it with laughing delight for about twenty minutes longer, when suddenly the clouds united over their heads, and a driving rain set full in their face.-- Chagrined and surprised, they were obliged, though unwillingly, to turn back, for no shelter was nearer than their own house. One consolation however remained for them, to which the exigence of the moment gave more than usual propriety; it was that of running with all possible speed down the steep side of the hill which led immediately to their garden gate. Marianne had at first the advantage, but a false step brought her suddenly to the ground; and Margaret, unable to stop herself to assist her, was involuntarily hurried along, and reached the bottom in safety. The gentleman offered his services; and perceiving that her modesty declined what her situation rendered necessary, took her up in his arms without farther delay, and carried her down the hill. His name, he replied, was Willoughby, and his present home was at Allenham, from whence he hoped she would allow him the honour of calling tomorrow to enquire after Miss Dashwood. "Willoughby!" cried Sir John; "what, is HE in the country? "Know him! to be sure I do. "And what sort of a young man is he?" Sir John was rather puzzled. Has he a house at Allenham?" Miss Marianne must not expect to have all the men to herself. "That is what I like; that is what a young man ought to be.
  Marianne's preserver, as Margaret, with more elegance than precision, styled Willoughby, called at the cottage early the next morning to make his personal enquiries. --  "Elinor," cried Marianne, "is this fair? is this just? I should scold her myself, if she were capable of wishing to check the delight of your conversation with our new friend." -- Marianne was softened in a moment. Elinor was obliged, though unwillingly, to believe that the sentiments which Mrs. Jennings had assigned him for her own satisfaction, were now actually excited by her sister; and that however a general resemblance of disposition between the parties might forward the affection of Mr. Willoughby, an equally striking opposition of character was no hindrance to the regard of Colonel Brandon. Perhaps she pitied and esteemed him the more because he was slighted by Willoughby and Marianne, who, prejudiced against him for being neither lively nor young, seemed resolved to undervalue his merits. "Brandon is just the kind of man," said Willoughby one day, when they were talking of him together, "whom every body speaks well of, and nobody cares about; whom all are delighted to see, and nobody remembers to talk to." "That is exactly what I think of him," cried Marianne. "That he is patronised by YOU," replied Willoughby, "is certainly in his favour; but as for the esteem of the others, it is a reproach in itself. "But perhaps the abuse of such people as yourself and Marianne will make amends for the regard of Lady Middleton and her mother. Yes, Marianne, even in a man between thirty and forty.
When Marianne was recovered, the schemes of amusement at home and abroad, which Sir John had been previously forming, were put into execution. Elinor could not be surprised at their attachment. She only wished that it were less openly shewn; and once or twice did venture to suggest the propriety of some self-command to Marianne. This was the season of happiness to Marianne. Neither Lady Middleton nor Mrs. Jennings could supply to her the conversation she missed; although the latter was an everlasting talker, and from the first had regarded her with a kindness which ensured her a large share of her discourse. Lady Middleton was more agreeable than her mother only in being more silent. Colonel Brandon, unfortunately for himself, had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne, and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister. "I believe she does. A few years however will settle her opinions on the reasonable basis of common sense and observation; and then they may be more easy to define and to justify than they now are, by any body but herself." But Marianne, in her place, would not have done so little.
Marianne told her, with the greatest delight, that Willoughby had given her a horse, one that he had bred himself on his estate in Somersetshire, and which was exactly calculated to carry a woman. She was faithful to her word; and when Willoughby called at the cottage, the same day, Elinor heard her express her disappointment to him in a low voice, on being obliged to forego the acceptance of his present. Margaret related something to her the next day, which placed this matter in a still clearer light. "Oh, Elinor!" she cried, "I have such a secret to tell you about Marianne. I am sure she will be married to Mr. Willoughby very soon." "But indeed this is quite another thing. I am sure they will be married very soon, for he has got a lock of her hair." "Take care, Margaret. "But, indeed, Elinor, it is Marianne's. "What is the gentleman's name?" He is the curate of the parish I dare say." "Margaret," said Marianne with great warmth, "you know that all this is an invention of your own, and that there is no such person in existence." Willoughby opened the piano-forte, and asked Marianne to sit down to it; and thus amidst the various endeavours of different people to quit the topic, it fell to the ground.
She was prepared to be wet through, fatigued, and frightened; but the event was still more unfortunate, for they did not go at all. "It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly." It came from town, and is merely a letter of business." cried Mrs. Jennings. "What can you have to do in town at this time of year?" You cannot go to town till tomorrow, Brandon, that is all." Colonel Brandon again repeated his sorrow at being the cause of disappointing the party; but at the same time declared it to be unavoidable. "You do not go to town on horseback, do you?" added Sir John. To Marianne, he merely bowed and said nothing. "Yes; it is about Miss Williams, I am sure." Then, lowering her voice a little, she said to Elinor, "She is his natural daughter." He drove through the park very fast, and they were soon out of sight; and nothing more of them was seen till their return, which did not happen till after the return of all the rest. Mrs. Jennings laughed heartily; and Elinor found that in her resolution to know where they had been, she had actually made her own woman enquire of Mr. Willoughby's groom; and that she had by that method been informed that they had gone to Allenham, and spent a considerable time there in walking about the garden and going all over the house. Elinor could hardly believe this to be true, as it seemed very unlikely that Willoughby should propose, or Marianne consent, to enter the house while Mrs. Smith was in it, with whom Marianne had not the smallest acquaintance. Could Elinor have listened to her without interruption from the others, she would have described every room in the house with equal delight.
"I could see it in his face. The estate at Delaford was never reckoned more than two thousand a year, and his brother left everything sadly involved. I do think he must have been sent for about money matters, for what else can it be? I would give anything to know the truth of it. She could easily conceive that marriage might not be immediately in their power; for though Willoughby was independent, there was no reason to believe him rich. Nothing could be more expressive of attachment to them all, than Willoughby's behaviour. One evening in particular, about a week after Colonel Brandon left the country, his heart seemed more than usually open to every feeling of attachment to the objects around him; and on Mrs. Dashwood's happening to mention her design of improving the cottage in the spring, he warmly opposed every alteration of a place which affection had established as perfect with him. he exclaimed--"Improve this dear cottage! "I am," said he. Then, and then only, under such a roof, I might perhaps be as happy at Combe as I have been at Barton." Mrs. Dashwood again assured him that no alteration of the kind should be attempted. "Your promise makes me easy. "I do not ask you to come in the morning, for we must walk to the park, to call on Lady Middleton." He engaged to be with them by four o'clock.
  Mrs. Dashwood's visit to Lady Middleton took place the next day, and two of her daughters went with her; but Marianne excused herself from being of the party, under some trifling pretext of employment; and her mother, who concluded that a promise had been made by Willoughby the night before of calling on her while they were absent, was perfectly satisfied with her remaining at home. On their return from the park they found Willoughby's curricle and servant in waiting at the cottage, and Mrs. Dashwood was convinced that her conjecture had been just. "To London!--and are you going this morning?" "And is Mrs. Smith your only friend? Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. Mrs. Dashwood first spoke. Mrs. Dashwood was too much astonished to speak, and another pause succeeded. "Our dear Willoughby is now some miles from Barton, Elinor," said she, as she sat down to work, "and with how heavy a heart does he travel?" "It is all very strange. What can it be? --  "It was not inclination that he wanted, Elinor; I could plainly see THAT. I am persuaded that Mrs. Smith suspects his regard for Marianne, disapproves of it, (perhaps because she has other views for him,) and on that account is eager to get him away;--and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him. my dear child, do you accuse Willoughby and Marianne of concealment? "Yet not a syllable has been said to you on the subject, by either of them."
When breakfast was over she walked out by herself, and wandered about the village of Allenham, indulging the recollection of past enjoyment and crying over the present reverse for the chief of the morning. No letter from Willoughby came; and none seemed expected by Marianne. Her mother was surprised, and Elinor again became uneasy. "Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby? It was several days before Willoughby's name was mentioned before Marianne by any of her family; Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, indeed, were not so nice; their witticisms added pain to many a painful hour;--but one evening, Mrs. Dashwood, accidentally taking up a volume of Shakespeare, exclaimed,  "We have never finished Hamlet, Marianne; our dear Willoughby went away before we could get through it. --and was hastening to meet him, when Elinor cried out,  "Indeed, Marianne, I think you are mistaken. It is not Willoughby. He was the only person in the world who could at that moment be forgiven for not being Willoughby; the only one who could have gained a smile from her; but she dispersed her tears to smile on HIM, and in her sister's happiness forgot for a time her own disappointment. To Marianne, indeed, the meeting between Edward and her sister was but a continuation of that unaccountable coldness which she had often observed at Norland in their mutual behaviour. Marianne saw and listened with increasing surprise. He looked rather distressed as he added, that he had been staying with some friends near Plymouth. "And how does dear, dear Norland look?" cried Marianne. But SOMETIMES they are." You may see the end of the house. Are the Middletons pleasant people?" How can you be so unjust?
Indeed a man could not very well be in love with either of her daughters, without extending the passion to her; and Elinor had the satisfaction of seeing him soon become more like himself. His affections seemed to reanimate towards them all, and his interest in their welfare again became perceptible. "What are Mrs. Ferrars's views for you at present, Edward?" "You have no ambition, I well know. "Elinor, for shame!" Come, what is your competence?" "TWO thousand a year! Elinor smiled again, to hear her sister describing so accurately their future expenses at Combe Magna. "I wish," said Margaret, striking out a novel thought, "that somebody would give us all a large fortune apiece!" "Oh that they would!" I wonder what I should do with it!" Marianne looked as if she had no doubt on that point. You are very right in supposing how my money would be spent--some of it, at least--my loose cash would certainly be employed in improving my collection of music and books." replied he, with a sigh. "But gaiety never was a part of MY character." "Marianne has not shyness to excuse any inattention of hers," said Elinor. "But you would still be reserved," said Marianne, "and that is worse."
His visit afforded her but a very partial satisfaction, while his own enjoyment in it appeared so imperfect. She was sitting by Edward, and in taking his tea from Mrs. Dashwood, his hand passed so directly before her, as to make a ring, with a plait of hair in the centre, very conspicuous on one of his fingers. That the hair was her own, she instantaneously felt as well satisfied as Marianne; the only difference in their conclusions was, that what Marianne considered as a free gift from her sister, Elinor was conscious must have been procured by some theft or contrivance unknown to herself. Before the middle of the day, they were visited by Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, who, having heard of the arrival of a gentleman at the cottage, came to take a survey of the guest. With the assistance of his mother-in-law, Sir John was not long in discovering that the name of Ferrars began with an F. and this prepared a future mine of raillery against the devoted Elinor, which nothing but the newness of their acquaintance with Edward could have prevented from being immediately sprung. Sir John never came to the Dashwoods without either inviting them to dine at the park the next day, or to drink tea with them that evening. Mrs. Jennings enforced the necessity. "A dance!" Who is to dance?" This, and Marianne's blushing, gave new suspicions to Edward.
  Edward remained a week at the cottage; he was earnestly pressed by Mrs. Dashwood to stay longer; but, as if he were bent only on self-mortification, he seemed resolved to be gone when his enjoyment among his friends was at the height. Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time. But from such vain wishes she was forced to turn for comfort to the renewal of her confidence in Edward's affection, to the remembrance of every mark of regard in look or word which fell from him while at Barton, and above all to that flattering proof of it which he constantly wore round his finger. They recommended the army. From a reverie of this kind, as she sat at her drawing-table, she was roused one morning, soon after Edward's leaving them, by the arrival of company. Amongst them were Sir John and Lady Middleton and Mrs. Jennings, but there were two others, a gentleman and lady, who were quite unknown to her. I thought of nothing but whether it might not be Colonel Brandon come back again; so I said to Sir John, I do think I hear a carriage; perhaps it is Colonel Brandon come back again"--  Elinor was obliged to turn from her, in the middle of her story, to receive the rest of the party; Lady Middleton introduced the two strangers; Mrs. Dashwood and Margaret came down stairs at the same time, and they all sat down to look at one another, while Mrs. Jennings continued her story as she walked through the passage into the parlour, attended by Sir John. This was quite a new idea to Mrs. Dashwood; she had never been used to find wit in the inattention of any one, and could not help looking with surprise at them both. I wanted her to stay at home and rest this morning, but she would come with us; she longed so much to see you all!" Mrs. Palmer laughed, and said it would not do her any harm. Mrs. Jennings asked her, as soon as she appeared, if she had not been to Allenham; and Mrs. Palmer laughed so heartily at the question, as to show she understood it. Mr. Palmer looked up on her entering the room, stared at her some minutes, and then returned to his newspaper. When Lady Middleton rose to go away, Mr. Palmer rose also, laid down the newspaper, stretched himself and looked at them all around. He then made his bow, and departed with the rest. Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park. Lady Middleton too, though she did not press their mother, pressed them.
  As the Miss Dashwoods entered the drawing-room of the park the next day, at one door, Mrs. Palmer came running in at the other, looking as good humoured and merry as before. "Oh, my love," cried Mrs. Palmer to her husband, who just then entered the room--"you must help me to persuade the Miss Dashwoods to go to town this winter." Her love made no answer; and after slightly bowing to the ladies, began complaining of the weather. What the devil does Sir John mean by not having a billiard room in his house? Sir John is as stupid as the weather." We do not live a great way from him in the country, you know. Charlotte laughed heartily to think that her husband could not get rid of her; and exultingly said, she did not care how cross he was to her, as they must live together. "Mr. Palmer is so droll!" said she, in a whisper, to Elinor. It was the desire of appearing superior to other people. Will you come and spend some time at Cleveland this Christmas? for he is forced to make every body like him." Elinor was again obliged to decline her invitation; and by changing the subject, put a stop to her entreaties. She thought it probable that as they lived in the same county, Mrs. Palmer might be able to give some more particular account of Willoughby's general character, than could be gathered from the Middletons' partial acquaintance with him; and she was eager to gain from any one, such a confirmation of his merits as might remove the possibility of fear from Marianne. I know why you inquire about him, very well; your sister is to marry him. "Is Mr. Willoughby much known in your part of Somersetshire?" She is a monstrous lucky girl to get him, upon my honour; not but that he is much more lucky in getting her, because she is so very handsome and agreeable, that nothing can be good enough for her. "Did not Colonel Brandon know of Sir John's proposal to your mother before it was made?
  The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other. In a morning's excursion to Exeter, they had met with two young ladies, whom Mrs. Jennings had the satisfaction of discovering to be her relations, and this was enough for Sir John to invite them directly to the park, as soon as their present engagements at Exeter were over. Sir John wanted the whole family to walk to the Park directly and look at his guests. Lucy is monstrous pretty, and so good humoured and agreeable! They have brought the whole coach full of playthings for the children. She was seated in her mother's lap, covered with kisses, her wound bathed with lavender-water, by one of the Miss Steeles, who was on her knees to attend her, and her mouth stuffed with sugar plums by the other. But this is the usual way of heightening alarm, where there is nothing to be alarmed at in reality." "What a sweet woman Lady Middleton is!" She did her best when thus called on, by speaking of Lady Middleton with more warmth than she felt, though with far less than Miss Lucy. "And Sir John too," cried the elder sister, "what a charming man he is!" "And what a charming little family they have! "Norland is a prodigious beautiful place, is not it?" "But why should you think," said Lucy, looking ashamed of her sister, "that there are not as many genteel young men in Devonshire as Sussex?" But I can't bear to see them dirty and nasty. And then to turn the discourse, she began admiring the house and the furniture. Not so the Miss Steeles.--They came from Exeter, well provided with admiration for the use of Sir John Middleton, his family, and all his relations, and no niggardly proportion was now dealt out to his fair cousins, whom they declared to be the most beautiful, elegant, accomplished, and agreeable girls they had ever beheld, and with whom they were particularly anxious to be better acquainted.-- And to be better acquainted therefore, Elinor soon found was their inevitable lot, for as Sir John was entirely on the side of the Miss Steeles, their party would be too strong for opposition, and that kind of intimacy must be submitted to, which consists of sitting an hour or two together in the same room almost every day. The Miss Steeles, as she expected, had now all the benefit of these jokes, and in the eldest of them they raised a curiosity to know the name of the gentleman alluded to, which, though often impertinently expressed, was perfectly of a piece with her general inquisitiveness into the concerns of their family. repeated Miss Steele; "Mr. Ferrars is the happy man, is he? "And who was this uncle?
Elinor DID think the question a very odd one, and her countenance expressed it, as she answered that she had never seen Mrs. Ferrars. Then, perhaps, you cannot tell me what sort of a woman she is?" Are you acquainted with Mr. Robert Ferrars? And she did not feel much delighted with the idea of such a sister-in-law. "No," replied Lucy, "not to Mr. ROBERT Ferrars--I never saw him in my life; but," fixing her eyes upon Elinor, "to his eldest brother." And I do not think Mr. Ferrars can be displeased, when he knows I have trusted you, because I know he has the highest opinion in the world of all your family, and looks upon yourself and the other Miss Dashwoods quite as his own sisters." --She paused. "We have been engaged these four years." Pratt?" "Mr. Edward Ferrars, the eldest son of Mrs. Ferrars, of Park Street, and brother of your sister-in-law, Mrs. John Dashwood, is the person I mean; you must allow that I am not likely to be deceived as to the name of the man on who all my happiness depends." Lucy spoke first. Your secret is safe with me; but pardon me if I express some surprise at so unnecessary a communication. As she said this, she looked earnestly at Lucy, hoping to discover something in her countenance; perhaps the falsehood of the greatest part of what she had been saying; but Lucy's countenance suffered no change. As she said this, she looked directly at her companion. repeated Lucy. Elinor saw that it WAS his hand, and she could doubt no longer. "Writing to each other," said Lucy, returning the letter into her pocket, "is the only comfort we have in such long separations. I gave him a lock of my hair set in a ring when he was at Longstaple last, and that was some comfort to him, he said, but not equal to a picture. Fortunately for her, they had now reached the cottage, and the conversation could be continued no farther. After sitting with them a few minutes, the Miss Steeles returned to the Park, and Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched. [At this point in the first and second editions, Volume 1 ends.]
Had Edward been intentionally deceiving her? Was his engagement to Lucy an engagement of the heart? His affection was all her own. Could he ever be tolerably happy with Lucy Steele; could he, were his affection for herself out of the question, with his integrity, his delicacy, and well-informed mind, be satisfied with a wife like her--illiterate, artful, and selfish? As these considerations occurred to her in painful succession, she wept for him, more than for herself. Much as she had suffered from her first conversation with Lucy on the subject, she soon felt an earnest wish of renewing it; and this for more reasons than one. That Lucy was disposed to be jealous of her appeared very probable: it was plain that Edward had always spoken highly in her praise, not merely from Lucy's assertion, but from her venturing to trust her on so short a personal acquaintance, with a secret so confessedly and evidently important. And even Sir John's joking intelligence must have had some weight. One or two meetings of this kind had taken place, without affording Elinor any chance of engaging Lucy in private, when Sir John called at the cottage one morning, to beg, in the name of charity, that they would all dine with Lady Middleton that day, as he was obliged to attend the club at Exeter, and she would otherwise be quite alone, except her mother and the two Miss Steeles. They all rose up in preparation for a round game. "I am glad," said Lady Middleton to Lucy, "you are not going to finish poor little Annamaria's basket this evening; for I am sure it must hurt your eyes to work filigree by candlelight. Lady Middleton proposed a rubber of Casino to the others. "Indeed I shall be very much obliged to you for your help," cried Lucy, "for I find there is more to be done to it than I thought there was; and it would be a shocking thing to disappoint dear Annamaria after all."
"Offended me! I felt sure that you was angry with me; and have been quarrelling with myself ever since, for having took such a liberty as to trouble you with my affairs. I have been always used to a very small income, and could struggle with any poverty for him; but I love him too well to be the selfish means of robbing him, perhaps, of all that his mother might give him if he married to please her. "That conviction must be every thing to you; and he is undoubtedly supported by the same trust in your's. or have you none but that of waiting for Mrs. Ferrars's death, which is a melancholy and shocking extremity?--Is her son determined to submit to this, and to all the tediousness of the many years of suspense in which it may involve you, rather than run the risk of her displeasure for a while by owning the truth?" "If we could be certain that it would be only for a while! Lucy looked at Elinor again, and was silent. At length Lucy exclaimed with a deep sigh,  "I believe it would be the wisest way to put an end to the business at once by dissolving the engagement. You know very well that my opinion would have no weight with you, unless it were on the side of your wishes." Elinor thought it wisest to make no answer to this, lest they might provoke each other to an unsuitable increase of ease and unreserve; and was even partly determined never to mention the subject again. Elinor was soon called to the card-table by the conclusion of the first rubber, and the confidential discourse of the two ladies was therefore at an end, to which both of them submitted without any reluctance, for nothing had been said on either side to make them dislike each other less than they had done before; and Elinor sat down to the card table with the melancholy persuasion that Edward was not only without affection for the person who was to be his wife; but that he had not even the chance of being tolerably happy in marriage, which sincere affection on HER side would have given, for self-interest alone could induce a woman to keep a man to an engagement, of which she seemed so thoroughly aware that he was weary.
  Though Mrs. Jennings was in the habit of spending a large portion of the year at the houses of her children and friends, she was not without a settled habitation of her own. Towards this home, she began on the approach of January to turn her thoughts, and thither she one day abruptly, and very unexpectedly by them, asked the elder Misses Dashwood to accompany her. Mrs. Jennings received the refusal with some surprise, and repeated her invitation immediately. It is very right that you SHOULD go to town; I would have every young woman of your condition in life acquainted with the manners and amusements of London. "And what," said Mrs. Dashwood, "is my dear prudent Elinor going to suggest? "That is very true," replied her mother, "but of her society, separately from that of other people, you will scarcely have any thing at all, and you will almost always appear in public with Lady Middleton." "If Elinor is frightened away by her dislike of Mrs. Jennings," said Marianne, "at least it need not prevent MY accepting her invitation. Elinor could not help smiling at this display of indifference towards the manners of a person, to whom she had often had difficulty in persuading Marianne to behave with tolerable politeness; and resolved within herself, that if her sister persisted in going, she would go likewise, as she did not think it proper that Marianne should be left to the sole guidance of her own judgment, or that Mrs. Jennings should be abandoned to the mercy of Marianne for all the comfort of her domestic hours. Mrs. Dashwood smiled, and said nothing. Mrs. Jennings received the information with a great deal of joy, and many assurances of kindness and care; nor was it a matter of pleasure merely to her. The Middletons were to follow in about a week.
  Elinor could not find herself in the carriage with Mrs. Jennings, and beginning a journey to London under her protection, and as her guest, without wondering at her own situation, so short had their acquaintance with that lady been, so wholly unsuited were they in age and disposition, and so many had been her objections against such a measure only a few days before! As dinner was not to be ready in less than two hours from their arrival, Elinor determined to employ the interval in writing to her mother, and sat down for that purpose. Elinor said no more; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was, that, however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair, they must be engaged. It was a great satisfaction to Elinor that Mrs. Jennings, by being much engaged in her own room, could see little of what was passing. Elinor was disappointed too; but at the same time her regard for Colonel Brandon ensured his welcome with her; and she felt particularly hurt that a man so partial to her sister should perceive that she experienced nothing but grief and disappointment in seeing him. Mrs. Jennings soon came in. How does Charlotte do? he has been dead these eight years and better. Elinor now began to make the tea, and Marianne was obliged to appear again. After her entrance, Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before, and Mrs. Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long. No other visitor appeared that evening, and the ladies were unanimous in agreeing to go early to bed. Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits and happy looks. The disappointment of the evening before seemed forgotten in the expectation of what was to happen that day. repeated Elinor within herself, regarding her sister with uneasiness. "If she had not known him to be in town she would not have written to him, as she did; she would have written to Combe Magna; and if he is in town, how odd that he should neither come nor write! Mrs. Palmer and two elderly ladies of Mrs. Jennings's intimate acquaintance, whom she had met and invited in the morning, dined with them.
This weather will keep many sportsmen in the country." "At any rate," said Elinor, wishing to prevent Mrs. Jennings from seeing her sister's thoughts as clearly as she did, "I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week." And Marianne was in spirits; happy in the mildness of the weather, and still happier in her expectation of a frost. The morning was chiefly spent in leaving cards at the houses of Mrs. Jennings's acquaintance to inform them of her being in town; and Marianne was all the time busy in observing the direction of the wind, watching the variations of the sky and imagining an alteration in the air. Colonel Brandon, who had a general invitation to the house, was with them almost every day; he came to look at Marianne and talk to Elinor, who often derived more satisfaction from conversing with him than from any other daily occurrence, but who saw at the same time with much concern his continued regard for her sister. About a week after their arrival, it became certain that Willoughby was also arrived. She insisted on being left behind, the next morning, when the others went out. But Marianne, not convinced, took it instantly up. "It is indeed for Mrs. Jennings; how provoking!" He looked at them slightly, without seeming to know who they were, and merely nodded to Mrs. Jennings from the other side of the room. And thus ended their discourse. "So my daughter Middleton told me, for it seems Sir John met him somewhere in the street this morning." Impatient in this situation to be doing something that might lead to her sister's relief, Elinor resolved to write the next morning to her mother, and hoped by awakening her fears for the health of Marianne, to procure those inquiries which had been so long delayed; and she was still more eagerly bent on this measure by perceiving after breakfast on the morrow, that Marianne was again writing to Willoughby, for she could not suppose it to be to any other person. "By many--by some of whom you know nothing, by others with whom you are most intimate, Mrs. Jennings, Mrs. Palmer, and the Middletons. Is every thing finally settled?
  Nothing occurred during the next three or four days, to make Elinor regret what she had done, in applying to her mother; for Willoughby neither came nor wrote. She soon caught his eye, and he immediately bowed, but without attempting to speak to her, or to approach Marianne, though he could not but see her; and then continued his discourse with the same lady. Elinor turned involuntarily to Marianne, to see whether it could be unobserved by her. why does he not look at me? But the feelings of her sister were instantly expressed. Willoughby, what is the meaning of this? Will you not shake hands with me?" He could not then avoid it, but her touch seemed painful to him, and he held her hand only for a moment. cried Marianne in the wildest anxiety. In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase, and telling Marianne that he was gone, urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening, as a fresh argument for her to be calm. Lady Middleton, though in the middle of a rubber, on being informed that Marianne was unwell, was too polite to object for a moment to her wish of going away, and making over her cards to a friend, they departed as soon the carriage could be found.
"No, Elinor," she replied, "ask nothing; you will soon know all." That good lady, however, saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby, which appeared to her a very good joke, and which she treated accordingly, by hoping, with a laugh, that she would find it to her liking. MY girls were nothing to her, and yet they used to be foolish enough; but as for Miss Marianne, she is quite an altered creature. I hope, from the bottom of my heart, he won't keep her waiting much longer, for it is quite grievous to see her look so ill and forlorn. Pray, when are they to be married?" Elinor, though never less disposed to speak than at that moment, obliged herself to answer such an attack as this, and, therefore, trying to smile, replied, "And have you really, Ma'am, talked yourself into a persuasion of my sister's being engaged to Mr. Willoughby? "For shame, for shame, Miss Dashwood! Don't we all know that it must be a match, that they were over head and ears in love with each other from the first moment they met? Come, come, this won't do. Determined not to quit Marianne, though hopeless of contributing, at present, to her ease, she hurried away to excuse herself from attending Mrs. Jennings, on account of her sister being indisposed. A glass of wine, which Elinor procured for her directly, made her more comfortable, and she was at last able to express some sense of her kindness, by saying,  "Poor Elinor! This, as every thing else would have been, was too much for Marianne, who could only exclaim, in the anguish of her heart, "Oh! "Do you call ME happy, Marianne? "And you will never see me otherwise. "Engagement!" "No, he is not so unworthy as you believe him. "But he told you that he loved you." "Yet you wrote to him?" --  "Yes--could that be wrong after all that had passed?-- But I cannot talk." The first, which was what her sister had sent him on their arrival in town, was to this effect. For the present, adieu. You must be very much      altered indeed since we parted, if that could be      the case, and you not there. But her condemnation of him did not blind her to the impropriety of their having been written at all; and she was silently grieving over the imprudence which had hazarded such unsolicited proofs of tenderness, not warranted by anything preceding, and most severely condemned by the event, when Marianne, perceiving that she had finished the letters, observed to her that they contained nothing but what any one would have written in the same situation. The morning that we parted too! "Dearest Marianne, who but himself? "By all the world, rather than by his own heart. Oh, Willoughby, Willoughby, could this be yours! 'The lock of hair, (repeating it from the letter,) which you so obligingly bestowed on me'--That is unpardonable. "No, Marianne, in no possible way." "Elinor, I must go home. "To-morrow, Marianne!" Oh, what would HE say to that!" Some lavender drops, however, which she was at length persuaded to take, were of use; and from that time till Mrs. Jennings returned, she continued on the bed quiet and motionless.
  Mrs. Jennings came immediately to their room on her return, and without waiting to have her request of admittance answered, opened the door and walked in with a look of real concern. He is to be married very soon--a good-for-nothing fellow! Their good friend saw that Marianne was unhappy, and felt that every thing was due to her which might make her at all less so. Marianne was to have the best place by the fire, was to be tempted to eat by every delicacy in the house, and to be amused by the relation of all the news of the day. As soon, however, as the consciousness of all this was forced by continual repetition on Marianne, she could stay no longer. With a hasty exclamation of Misery, and a sign to her sister not to follow her, she directly got up and hurried out of the room. cried Mrs. Jennings, as soon as she was gone, "how it grieves me to see her! And the dried cherries too! "Do you know what kind of a girl Miss Grey is? --  "And who are the Ellisons?" "Dear ma'am, this kindness is quite unnecessary. Marianne, I dare say, will not leave her room again this evening. After a short silence on both sides, Mrs. Jennings, with all her natural hilarity, burst forth again. "Well, my dear, 'tis a true saying about an ill-wind, for it will be all the better for Colonel Brandon. how he'll chuckle over this news! In the drawing-room, whither she then repaired, she was soon joined by Mrs. Jennings, with a wine-glass, full of something, in her hand. "My dear," said she, entering, "I have just recollected that I have some of the finest old Constantia wine in the house that ever was tasted, so I have brought a glass of it for your sister. Colonel Brandon came in while the party were at tea, and by his manner of looking round the room for Marianne, Elinor immediately fancied that he neither expected nor wished to see her there, and, in short, that he was already aware of what occasioned her absence. "Marianne is not well," said she. "She has been indisposed all day, and we have persuaded her to go to bed." Mr. Willoughby is unfathomable! But have you likewise heard that Miss Grey has fifty thousand pounds? and, in some points, there seems a hardness of heart about him." said Colonel Brandon, "there is, indeed!
  From a night of more sleep than she had expected, Marianne awoke the next morning to the same consciousness of misery in which she had closed her eyes. In one thing, however, she was uniform, when it came to the point, in avoiding, where it was possible, the presence of Mrs. Jennings, and in a determined silence when obliged to endure it. She expected from other people the same opinions and feelings as her own, and she judged of their motives by the immediate effect of their actions on herself. In one moment her imagination placed before her a letter from Willoughby, full of tenderness and contrition, explanatory of all that had passed, satisfactory, convincing; and instantly followed by Willoughby himself, rushing eagerly into the room to inforce, at her feet, by the eloquence of his eyes, the assurances of his letter. Mrs. Jennings left them earlier than usual; for she could not be easy till the Middletons and Palmers were able to grieve as much as herself; and positively refusing Elinor's offered attendance, went out alone for the rest of the morning. "So early too! Marianne moved to the window--  "It is Colonel Brandon!" "A man who has nothing to do with his own time has no conscience in his intrusion on that of others." "You have something to tell me of Mr. Willoughby, that will open his character farther. At seventeen she was lost to me for ever. My brother had no regard for her; his pleasures were not what they ought to have been, and from the first he treated her unkindly. But can we wonder that, with such a husband to provoke inconstancy, and without a friend to advise or restrain her (for my father lived only a few months after their marriage, and I was with my regiment in the East Indies) she should fall? But to what does all this lead? She left to my care her only child, a little girl, the offspring of her first guilty connection, who was then about three years old. It is now three years ago (she had just reached her fourteenth year,) that I removed her from school, to place her under the care of a very respectable woman, residing in Dorsetshire, who had the charge of four or five other girls of about the same time of life; and for two years I had every reason to be pleased with her situation. I had allowed her, (imprudently, as it has since turned out,) at her earnest desire, to go to Bath with one of her young friends, who was attending her father there for his health. In short, I could learn nothing but that she was gone; all the rest, for eight long months, was left to conjecture. --  "The first news that reached me of her," he continued, "came in a letter from herself, last October. Elinor sighed over the fancied necessity of this; but to a man and a soldier she presumed not to censure it. "Such," said Colonel Brandon, after a pause, "has been the unhappy resemblance between the fate of mother and daughter!
Against the interest of her own individual comfort, Mrs. Dashwood had determined that it would be better for Marianne to be any where, at that time, than at Barton, where every thing within her view would be bringing back the past in the strongest and most afflicting manner, by constantly placing Willoughby before her, such as she had always seen him there. She recommended it to her daughters, therefore, by all means not to shorten their visit to Mrs. Jennings; the length of which, though never exactly fixed, had been expected by all to comprise at least five or six weeks. She had yet another reason for wishing her children to remain where they were; a letter from her son-in-law had told her that he and his wife were to be in town before the middle of February, and she judged it right that they should sometimes see their brother. Marianne, though without knowing it herself, reaped all its advantage; for neither Mrs. Jennings, nor Sir John, nor even Mrs. Palmer herself, ever spoke of him before her. Such a scoundrel of a fellow! Mrs. Palmer, in her way, was equally angry. and by the means of this continual though gentle vent, was able not only to see the Miss Dashwoods from the first without the smallest emotion, but very soon to see them without recollecting a word of the matter; and having thus supported the dignity of her own sex, and spoken her decided censure of what was wrong in the other, she thought herself at liberty to attend to the interest of her own assemblies, and therefore determined (though rather against the opinion of Sir John) that as Mrs. Willoughby would at once be a woman of elegance and fortune, to leave her card with her as soon as she married. Elinor only was sorry to see them. Their presence always gave her pain, and she hardly knew how to make a very gracious return to the overpowering delight of Lucy in finding her STILL in town. And now to be sure you will be in no hurry to be gone. "I suppose you will go and stay with your brother and sister, Miss Dashwood, when they come to town," said Lucy, returning, after a cessation of hostile hints, to the charge. "What a charming thing it is that Mrs. Dashwood can spare you both for so long a time together!" Her sister was perhaps laid down upon the bed, or in her dressing gown, and therefore not able to come to them.
  After some opposition, Marianne yielded to her sister's entreaties, and consented to go out with her and Mrs. Jennings one morning for half an hour. But the correctness of his eye, and the delicacy of his taste, proved to be beyond his politeness. She turned her eyes towards his face, and found him with some surprise to be her brother. Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days. And the Middletons too, you must introduce me to THEM. And so you are most comfortably settled in your little cottage and want for nothing! Mr. Dashwood attended them down stairs, was introduced to Mrs. Jennings at the door of her carriage, and repeating his hope of being able to call on them the next day, took leave. After staying with them half an hour, he asked Elinor to walk with him to Conduit Street, and introduce him to Sir John and Lady Middleton. "Who is Colonel Brandon? Is he a man of fortune?" "He likes you. It is a match that must give universal satisfaction. "Is Mr. Edward Ferrars," said Elinor, with resolution, "going to be married?" Mrs. Ferrars, with the utmost liberality, will come forward, and settle on him a thousand a year, if the match takes place. Miss Morton, only daughter of the late Lord Morton, with thirty thousand pounds. A thousand a-year is a great deal for a mother to give away, to make over for ever; but Mrs. Ferrars has a noble spirit. "Where is the green-house to be?" "But it is not to be imagined that she lives up to her income. But, my dear Elinor, what is the matter with Marianne?-- she looks very unwell, has lost her colour, and is grown quite thin. I question whether Marianne NOW, will marry a man worth more than five or six hundred a-year, at the utmost, and I am very much deceived if YOU do not do better. They were lucky enough to find Lady Middleton at home, and Sir John came in before their visit ended. "I shall have a charming account to carry to Fanny," said he, as he walked back with his sister. Your sister need not have any scruple even of visiting HER, which, to say the truth, has been a little the case, and very naturally; for we only knew that Mrs. Jennings was the widow of a man who had got all his money in a low way; and Fanny and Mrs. Ferrars were both strongly prepossessed, that neither she nor her daughters were such kind of women as Fanny would like to associate with.
The same manners, however, which recommended Mrs. John Dashwood to the good opinion of Lady Middleton did not suit the fancy of Mrs. Jennings, and to HER she appeared nothing more than a little proud-looking woman of uncordial address, who met her husband's sisters without any affection, and almost without having anything to say to them; for of the quarter of an hour bestowed on Berkeley Street, she sat at least seven minutes and a half in silence. Edward assured them himself of his being in town, within a very short time, by twice calling in Berkeley Street. They were to meet Mrs. Ferrars; but Elinor could not learn whether her sons were to be of the party. So well had they recommended themselves to Lady Middleton, so agreeable had their assiduities made them to her, that though Lucy was certainly not so elegant, and her sister not even genteel, she was as ready as Sir John to ask them to spend a week or two in Conduit Street; and it happened to be particularly convenient to the Miss Steeles, as soon as the Dashwoods' invitation was known, that their visit should begin a few days before the party took place. On Elinor its effect was very different. She began immediately to determine, that Edward who lived with his mother, must be asked as his mother was, to a party given by his sister; and to see him for the first time, after all that passed, in the company of Lucy!--she hardly knew how she could bear it! The dinner was a grand one, the servants were numerous, and every thing bespoke the Mistress's inclination for show, and the Master's ability to support it. Before her removing from Norland, Elinor had painted a very pretty pair of screens for her sister-in-law, which being now just mounted and brought home, ornamented her present drawing room; and these screens, catching the eye of John Dashwood on his following the other gentlemen into the room, were officiously handed by him to Colonel Brandon for his admiration. And so saying, she took the screens out of her sister-in-law's hands, to admire them herself as they ought to be admired. Mrs. Ferrars looked exceedingly angry, and drawing herself up more stiffly than ever, pronounced in retort this bitter philippic, "Miss Morton is Lord Morton's daughter." Jennings, with a very intelligent "Ah!
Elinor wished to talk of something else, but Lucy still pressed her to own that she had reason for her happiness; and Elinor was obliged to go on.--  "Undoubtedly, if they had known your engagement," said she, "nothing could be more flattering than their treatment of you;--but as that was not the case"--  "I guessed you would say so,"--replied Lucy quickly--"but there was no reason in the world why Mrs. Ferrars should seem to like me, if she did not, and her liking me is every thing. Mrs. Ferrars is a charming woman, and so is your sister. But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister. Lucy continued. "I am sure I should have seen it in a moment, if Mrs. Ferrars had took a dislike to me. She would not allow the presence of Lucy, nor the consciousness of some injustice towards herself, to deter her from saying that she was happy to see him, and that she had very much regretted being from home, when he called before in Berkeley Street. She met him with a hand that would be taken, and a voice that expressed the affection of a sister. Elinor is well, you see. That must be enough for us both." "I think, Elinor," she presently added, "we must employ Edward to take care of us in our return to Barton. Edward, it is so, and I will say it. The nature of her commendation, in the present case, however, happened to be particularly ill-suited to the feelings of two thirds of her auditors, and was so very unexhilarating to Edward, that he very soon got up to go away. And drawing him a little aside, she whispered her persuasion that Lucy could not stay much longer. But even this encouragement failed, for he would go; and Lucy, who would have outstaid him, had his visit lasted two hours, soon afterwards went away. "Could not she see that we wanted her gone!--how teazing to Edward!" Marianne looked at her steadily, and said, "You know, Elinor, that this is a kind of talking which I cannot bear.
  Within a few days after this meeting, the newspapers announced to the world, that the lady of Thomas Palmer, Esq. Though nothing could be more polite than Lady Middleton's behaviour to Elinor and Marianne, she did not really like them at all. Would they only have laughed at her about the Doctor! All these jealousies and discontents, however, were so totally unsuspected by Mrs. Jennings, that she thought it a delightful thing for the girls to be together; and generally congratulated her young friends every night, on having escaped the company of a stupid old woman so long. I come now to the relation of a misfortune, which about this time befell Mrs. John Dashwood. In the present instance, this last-arrived lady allowed her fancy to so far outrun truth and probability, that on merely hearing the name of the Miss Dashwoods, and understanding them to be Mr. Dashwood's sisters, she immediately concluded them to be staying in Harley Street; and this misconstruction produced within a day or two afterwards, cards of invitation for them as well as for their brother and sister, to a small musical party at her house. The party, like other musical parties, comprehended a great many people who had real taste for the performance, and a great many more who had none at all; and the performers themselves were, as usual, in their own estimation, and that of their immediate friends, the first private performers in England. She perceived him soon afterwards looking at herself, and speaking familiarly to her brother; and had just determined to find out his name from the latter, when they both came towards her, and Mr. Dashwood introduced him to her as Mr. Robert Ferrars. Elinor set him right as to its situation; and it seemed rather surprising to him that anybody could live in Devonshire, without living near Dawlish. But I had just settled within myself to ask the Miss Steeles to spend a few days with us. He saw the necessity of inviting the Miss Steeles immediately, and his conscience was pacified by the resolution of inviting his sisters another year; at the same time, however, slyly suspecting that another year would make the invitation needless, by bringing Elinor to town as Colonel Brandon's wife, and Marianne as THEIR visitor. Fanny, rejoicing in her escape, and proud of the ready wit that had procured it, wrote the next morning to Lucy, to request her company and her sister's, for some days, in Harley Street, as soon as Lady Middleton could spare them. This was enough to make Lucy really and reasonably happy. Mrs. Dashwood seemed actually working for her, herself; cherishing all her hopes, and promoting all her views!
  Mrs. Palmer was so well at the end of a fortnight, that her mother felt it no longer necessary to give up the whole of her time to her; and, contenting herself with visiting her once or twice a day, returned from that period to her own home, and her own habits, in which she found the Miss Dashwoods very ready to resume their former share. is Fanny ill?" So then it all came out; and the long and the short of the matter, by all I can learn, seems to be this. He and I had a great deal of talk about it; and the best of all is, that he is gone back again to Harley Street, that he may be within call when Mrs. Ferrars is told of it, for she was sent for as soon as ever my cousins left the house, for your sister was sure SHE would be in hysterics too; and so she may, for what I care. Here Mrs. Jennings ceased, and as Elinor had had time enough to collect her thoughts, she was able to give such an answer, and make such observations, as the subject might naturally be supposed to produce. As Mrs. Jennings could talk on no other subject, Elinor soon saw the necessity of preparing Marianne for its discussion. She was very far from wishing to dwell on her own feelings, or to represent herself as suffering much, any otherwise than as the self-command she had practised since her first knowledge of Edward's engagement, might suggest a hint of what was practicable to Marianne. The first question on her side, which led to farther particulars, was,--  "How long has this been known to you, Elinor? has he written to you?" --  "By feeling that I was doing my duty.--My promise to Lucy, obliged me to be secret. Lucy does not want sense, and that is the foundation on which every thing good may be built.--And after all, Marianne, after all that is bewitching in the idea of a single and constant attachment, and all that can be said of one's happiness depending entirely on any particular person, it is not meant--it is not fit--it is not possible that it should be so.-- Edward will marry Lucy; he will marry a woman superior in person and understanding to half her sex; and time and habit will teach him to forget that he ever thought another superior to HER." The next morning brought a farther trial of it, in a visit from their brother, who came with a most serious aspect to talk over the dreadful affair, and bring them news of his wife. But I would not alarm you too much. Donavan says there is nothing materially to be apprehended; her constitution is a good one, and her resolution equal to any thing. And now to be so rewarded! Here he stopped to be thanked; which being done, he went on. While she with the truest affection had been planning a most eligible connection for him, was it to be supposed that he could be all the time secretly engaged to another person!--such a suspicion could never have entered her head! His own two thousand pounds she protested should be his all; she would never see him again; and so far would she be from affording him the smallest assistance, that if he were to enter into any profession with a view of better support, she would do all in her power to prevent him advancing in it." said Mrs. Jennings, "that is HER revenge. "Can anything be more galling to the spirit of a man," continued John, "than to see his younger brother in possession of an estate which might have been his own? I feel for him sincerely."
  Mrs. Jennings was very warm in her praise of Edward's conduct, but only Elinor and Marianne understood its true merit. An intimate acquaintance of Mrs. Jennings joined them soon after they entered the Gardens, and Elinor was not sorry that by her continuing with them, and engaging all Mrs. Jennings's conversation, she was herself left to quiet reflection. She saw nothing of the Willoughbys, nothing of Edward, and for some time nothing of anybody who could by any chance whether grave or gay, be interesting to her. Mrs. Jennings immediately whispered to Elinor,  "Get it all out of her, my dear. And then lowering her voice, "I suppose Mrs. Jennings has heard all about it. Is she angry?" "That is a good thing. There now, YOU are going to laugh at me too. But it WAS said, I know, very well, and by more than one; for Miss Godby told Miss Sparks, that nobody in their senses could expect Mr. Ferrars to give up a woman like Miss Morton, with thirty thousand pounds to her fortune, for Lucy Steele that had nothing at all; and I had it from Miss Sparks myself. And it was entirely for HER sake, and upon HER account, that he said a word about being off, and not upon his own. And just then I could not hear any more, for my cousin called from below to tell me Mrs. Richardson was come in her coach, and would take one of us to Kensington Gardens; so I was forced to go into the room and interrupt them, to ask Lucy if she would like to go, but she did not care to leave Edward; so I just run up stairs and put on a pair of silk stockings and came off with the Richardsons." Miss Dashwood, do you think people make love when any body else is by? "How!" "Edward talks of going to Oxford soon," said she; "but now he is lodging at No. They will tell me I should write to the Doctor, to get Edward the curacy of his new living. As soon as they returned to the carriage, Mrs. Jennings was eager for information; but as Elinor wished to spread as little as possible intelligence that had in the first place been so unfairly obtained, she confined herself to the brief repetition of such simple particulars, as she felt assured that Lucy, for the sake of her own consequence, would choose to have known. The continuance of their engagement, and the means that were able to be taken for promoting its end, was all her communication; and this produced from Mrs. Jennings the following natural remark. how poor they will be!--I must see what I can give them towards furnishing their house. The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself. though we have suffered      dreadfully, we are both quite well now, and as happy      as we must always be in one another's love.
The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March, for the Easter holidays; and Mrs. Jennings, with both her friends, received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them. "Cleveland!" From Cleveland, which was within a few miles of Bristol, the distance to Barton was not beyond one day, though a long day's journey; and their mother's servant might easily come there to attend them down; and as there could be no occasion of their staying above a week at Cleveland, they might now be at home in little more than three weeks' time. Mrs. Jennings was so far from being weary of her guests, that she pressed them very earnestly to return with her again from Cleveland. She wondered, indeed, at his thinking it necessary to do so; but supposed it to be the proper etiquette. This delay on the Colonel's side, however, did not seem to offend or mortify his fair companion in the least, for on their breaking up the conference soon afterwards, and moving different ways, Mrs. Jennings very plainly heard Elinor say, and with a voice which shewed her to feel what she said,  "I shall always think myself very much obliged to you." Such as it is, however, my pleasure in presenting it to him, will be very great. Edward, she believed, was still in town, and fortunately she had heard his address from Miss Steele. After this had been settled, Colonel Brandon began to talk of his own advantage in securing so respectable and agreeable a neighbour, and THEN it was that he mentioned with regret, that the house was small and indifferent;--an evil which Elinor, as Mrs. Jennings had supposed her to do, made very light of, at least as far as regarded its size.
"It is a matter of great joy to me; and I feel the goodness of Colonel Brandon most sensibly. And as to the house being a bad one, I do not know what the Colonel would be at, for it is as good a one as ever I saw." "No, ma'am, not even Lucy if you please. This speech at first puzzled Mrs. Jennings exceedingly. Mr. Ferrars is to be the man. Well, so much the better for him. But, my dear, is not this rather out of character? "Colonel Brandon is so delicate a man, that he rather wished any one to announce his intentions to Mr. Ferrars than himself." However, I will not disturb you (seeing her preparing to write.) He had met Mrs. Jennings at the door in her way to the carriage, as he came to leave his farewell card; and she, after apologising for not returning herself, had obliged him to enter, by saying that Miss Dashwood was above, and wanted to speak with him on very particular business. Mrs. Jennings was quite right in what she said. Elinor told him the number of the house. And with this pleasing anticipation, she sat down to reconsider the past, recall the words and endeavour to comprehend all the feelings of Edward; and, of course, to reflect on her own with discontent. When Mrs. Jennings came home, though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before, and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say, her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession, than by anything else, that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared. "Two or three months!" cried Mrs. Jennings; "Lord! "My dear ma'am," said Elinor, "what can you be thinking of?-- Why, Colonel Brandon's only object is to be of use to Mr. "But Colonel Brandon does not seem to have any idea of the living's being enough to allow them to marry." "The Colonel is a ninny, my dear; because he has two thousand a-year himself, he thinks that nobody else can marry on less.
  Edward, having carried his thanks to Colonel Brandon, proceeded with his happiness to Lucy; and such was the excess of it by the time he reached Bartlett's Buildings, that she was able to assure Mrs. Jennings, who called on her again the next day with her congratulations, that she had never seen him in such spirits before in her life. As for Colonel Brandon, she was not only ready to worship him as a saint, but was moreover truly anxious that he should be treated as one in all worldly concerns; anxious that his tithes should be raised to the utmost; and scarcely resolved to avail herself, at Delaford, as far as she possibly could, of his servants, his carriage, his cows, and his poultry. He expressed great pleasure in meeting Elinor, told her that he had been just going to call in Berkeley Street, and, assuring her that Fanny would be very glad to see her, invited her to come in. "It is perfectly true.--Colonel Brandon has given the living of Delaford to Edward." "But why should such precaution be used?--Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs. Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon,--for THAT must be quite out of the question; yet why, upon her late behaviour, is she supposed to feel at all?--She has done with her son, she cast him off for ever, and has made all those over whom she had any influence, cast him off likewise. Mrs. Ferrars can never forget that Edward is her son." Mrs. Ferrars is one of the most affectionate mothers in the world." "I only mean that I suppose, from your manner of speaking, it must be the same to Miss Morton whether she marry Edward or Robert." Has Colonel Brandon been with you lately?" Poor Edward! He had just settled this point with great composure, when the entrance of Mrs. John Dashwood put an end to the subject. She even proceeded so far as to be concerned to find that Elinor and her sister were so soon to leave town, as she had hoped to see more of them;--an exertion in which her husband, who attended her into the room, and hung enamoured over her accents, seemed to distinguish every thing that was most affectionate and graceful.
Very early in April, and tolerably early in the day, the two parties from Hanover Square and Berkeley Street set out from their respective homes, to meet, by appointment, on the road. For the convenience of Charlotte and her child, they were to be more than two days on their journey, and Mr. Palmer, travelling more expeditiously with Colonel Brandon, was to join them at Cleveland soon after their arrival. Marianne entered the house with a heart swelling with emotion from the consciousness of being only eighty miles from Barton, and not thirty from Combe Magna; and before she had been five minutes within its walls, while the others were busily helping Charlotte to show her child to the housekeeper, she quitted it again, stealing away through the winding shrubberies, now just beginning to be in beauty, to gain a distant eminence; where, from its Grecian temple, her eye, wandering over a wide tract of country to the south-east, could fondly rest on the farthest ridge of hills in the horizon, and fancy that from their summits Combe Magna might be seen. Mrs. Palmer had her child, and Mrs. Jennings her carpet-work; they talked of the friends they had left behind, arranged Lady Middleton's engagements, and wondered whether Mr. Palmer and Colonel Brandon would get farther than Reading that night. Elinor had seen so little of Mr. Palmer, and in that little had seen so much variety in his address to her sister and herself, that she knew not what to expect to find him in his own family. Though heavy and feverish, with a pain in her limbs, and a cough, and a sore throat, a good night's rest was to cure her entirely; and it was with difficulty that Elinor prevailed on her, when she went to bed, to try one or two of the simplest of the remedies.
  Marianne got up the next morning at her usual time; to every inquiry replied that she was better, and tried to prove herself so, by engaging in her accustomary employments. A very restless and feverish night, however, disappointed the expectation of both; and when Marianne, after persisting in rising, confessed herself unable to sit up, and returned voluntarily to her bed, Elinor was very ready to adopt Mrs. Jennings's advice, of sending for the Palmers' apothecary. He came, examined his patient, and though encouraging Miss Dashwood to expect that a very few days would restore her sister to health, yet, by pronouncing her disorder to have a putrid tendency, and allowing the word "infection" to pass his lips, gave instant alarm to Mrs. Palmer, on her baby's account. Mrs. Jennings had determined very early in the seizure that Marianne would never get over it, and Colonel Brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to Mrs. Jennings's forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. On the morning of the third day however, the gloomy anticipations of both were almost done away; for when Mr. Harris arrived, he declared his patient materially better. "But she must not go round by London," cried Marianne, in the same hurried manner. "I shall never see her, if she goes by London." and Marianne, still talking wildly of mama, her alarm increased so rapidly, as to determine her on sending instantly for Mr. Harris, and despatching a messenger to Barton for her mother. She thanked him with brief, though fervent gratitude, and while he went to hurry off his servant with a message to Mr. Harris, and an order for post-horses directly, she wrote a few lines to her mother. His medicines had failed;--the fever was unabated; and Marianne only more quiet--not more herself--remained in a heavy stupor. But it was too late. Others even arose to confirm it. Marianne was in every respect materially better, and he declared her entirely out of danger. Elinor could not be cheerful. The time was now drawing on, when Colonel Brandon might be expected back. At seven o'clock, leaving Marianne still sweetly asleep, she joined Mrs. Jennings in the drawing-room to tea. The flaring lamps of a carriage were immediately in view. All that remained to be done was to be speedy; and, therefore staying only till she could leave Mrs. Jennings's maid with her sister, she hurried down stairs.
  Elinor, starting back with a look of horror at the sight of him, obeyed the first impulse of her heart in turning instantly to quit the room, and her hand was already on the lock, when its action was suspended by his hastily advancing, and saying, in a voice rather of command than supplication,  "Miss Dashwood, for half an hour--for ten minutes--I entreat you to stay." "Had they told me," he cried with vehemence, "that Mr. Palmer and all his relations were at the devil, it would not have turned me from the door. He was sitting in an attitude of deep meditation, and seemed not to hear her. He rose up, and walked across the room. --cried Elinor, more and more at a loss to understand what he would be at. The steadiness of his manner, and the intelligence of his eye as he spoke, convincing Elinor, that whatever other unpardonable folly might bring him to Cleveland, he was not brought there by intoxication, she said, after a moment's recollection,  "Mr. Willoughby, you OUGHT to feel, and I certainly DO--that after what has passed--your coming here in this manner, and forcing yourself upon my notice, requires a very particular excuse.--What is it, that you mean by it?" "Upon my soul it is,"--was his answer, with a warmth which brought all the former Willoughby to her remembrance, and in spite of herself made her think him sincere. I acknowledge that her situation and her character ought to have been respected by me. In the height of her morality, good woman! she offered to forgive the past, if I would marry Eliza. To see Marianne, I felt, would be dreadful, and I even doubted whether I could see her again, and keep to my resolution. I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you, or the rest of the neighbourhood, to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs. Smith and myself--and I resolved therefore on calling at the cottage, in my way to Honiton. He stopped. I felt that she was infinitely dearer to me than any other woman in the world, and that I was using her infamously. But every thing was then just settled between Miss Grey and me. To retreat was impossible. "Even so. It was a horrid sight!--yet when I thought of her to-day as really dying, it was a kind of comfort to me to imagine that I knew exactly how she would appear to those, who saw her last in this world. "But the letter, Mr. Willoughby, your own letter; have you any thing to say about that?" And after all, what did it signify to my character in the opinion of Marianne and her friends, in what language my answer was couched?--It must have been only to one end. To treat her with unkindness, to speak of her slightingly is no atonement to Marianne--nor can I suppose it a relief to your own conscience." As bluntly as he could speak it, therefore, he told me that Marianne Dashwood was dying of a putrid fever at Cleveland--a letter that morning received from Mrs. Jennings declared her danger most imminent--the Palmers are all gone off in a fright, &c.--I was too much shocked to be able to pass myself off as insensible even to the undiscerning Sir John. His heart was softened in seeing mine suffer; and so much of his ill-will was done away, that when we parted, he almost shook me by the hand while he reminded me of an old promise about a pointer puppy. Elinor made no answer. Each faulty propensity in leading him to evil, had led him likewise to punishment. "No--to Combe Magna. She could not refuse to give him hers;--he pressed it with affection. --said he, letting it fall, and leaning against the mantel-piece as if forgetting he was to go. Marianne to be sure is lost to me for ever. Were I even by any blessed chance at liberty again--"  Elinor stopped him with a reproof. I shall now go away and live in dread of one event." And with these words, he almost ran out of the room.
When at last she returned to the unconscious Marianne, she found her just awaking, refreshed by so long and sweet a sleep to the extent of her hopes. Mrs. Dashwood WOULD sit up with her all night; and Elinor, in compliance with her mother's entreaty, went to bed. Willoughby, "poor Willoughby," as she now allowed herself to call him, was constantly in her thoughts; she would not but have heard his vindication for the world, and now blamed, now acquitted herself for having judged him so harshly before. She dreaded the performance of it, dreaded what its effect on Marianne might be; doubted whether after such an explanation she could ever be happy with another; and for a moment wished Willoughby a widower. The shock of Colonel Brandon's errand at Barton had been much softened to Mrs. Dashwood by her own previous alarm; for so great was her uneasiness about Marianne, that she had already determined to set out for Cleveland on that very day, without waiting for any further intelligence, and had so far settled her journey before his arrival, that the Careys were then expected every moment to fetch Margaret away, as her mother was unwilling to take her where there might be infection. Marianne continued to mend every day, and the brilliant cheerfulness of Mrs. Dashwood's looks and spirits proved her to be, as she repeatedly declared herself, one of the happiest women in the world. Colonel Brandon loves Marianne. He has told me so himself." And I believe Marianne will be the most happy with him of the two." He has loved her, my Elinor, ever since the first moment of seeing her." There, however, he is quite mistaken. And his person, his manners too, are all in his favour. Here they were interrupted by the entrance of a third person, and Elinor withdrew to think it all over in private, to wish success to her friend, and yet in wishing it, to feel a pang for Willoughby.
When there, at her own particular request, for she was impatient to pour forth her thanks to him for fetching her mother, Colonel Brandon was invited to visit her. At his and Mrs. Jennings's united request in return, Mrs. Dashwood was prevailed on to accept the use of his carriage on her journey back, for the better accommodation of her sick child; and the Colonel, at the joint invitation of Mrs. Dashwood and Mrs. Jennings, whose active good-nature made her friendly and hospitable for other people as well as herself, engaged with pleasure to redeem it by a visit at the cottage, in the course of a few weeks. Mrs. Dashwood and Elinor then followed, and the others were left by themselves, to talk of the travellers, and feel their own dullness, till Mrs. Jennings was summoned to her chaise to take comfort in the gossip of her maid for the loss of her two young companions; and Colonel Brandon immediately afterwards took his solitary way to Delaford. The Dashwoods were two days on the road, and Marianne bore her journey on both, without essential fatigue. After dinner she would try her piano-forte. "When the weather is settled, and I have recovered my strength," said she, "we will take long walks together every day. I know the summer will pass happily away. Her smile however changed to a sigh when she remembered that promise to Willoughby was yet unfulfilled, and feared she had that to communicate which might again unsettle the mind of Marianne, and ruin at least for a time this fair prospect of busy tranquillity. --  Elinor tenderly invited her to be open. I compare it with what it ought to have been; I compare it with yours." My illness has made me think-- It has given me leisure and calmness for serious recollection. To the Middletons, to the Palmers, the Steeles, to every common acquaintance even, I had been insolent and unjust; with a heart hardened against their merits, and a temper irritated by their very attention.--To John, to Fanny,--yes, even to them, little as they deserve, I had given less than their due. Here ceased the rapid flow of her self-reproving spirit; and Elinor, impatient to soothe, though too honest to flatter, gave her instantly that praise and support which her frankness and her contrition so well deserved. As soon as they entered the house, Marianne with a kiss of gratitude and these two words just articulate through her tears, "Tell mama," withdrew from her sister and walked slowly up stairs.
Had Mrs. Dashwood, like her daughter, heard Willoughby's story from himself--had she witnessed his distress, and been under the influence of his countenance and his manner, it is probable that her compassion would have been greater. His expensiveness is acknowledged even by himself, and his whole conduct declares that self-denial is a word hardly understood by him. Marianne's lips quivered, and she repeated the word "Selfish?" "At present," continued Elinor, "he regrets what he has done. "I have not a doubt of it," said Marianne; "and I have nothing to regret--nothing but my own folly." Elinor grew impatient for some tidings of Edward. She had heard nothing of him since her leaving London, nothing new of his plans, nothing certain even of his present abode. Their man-servant had been sent one morning to Exeter on business; and when, as he waited at table, he had satisfied the inquiries of his mistress as to the event of his errand, this was his voluntary communication--  "I suppose you know, ma'am, that Mr. Ferrars is married." By that time, Marianne was rather better, and her mother leaving her to the care of Margaret and the maid, returned to Elinor, who, though still much disordered, had so far recovered the use of her reason and voice as to be just beginning an inquiry of Thomas, as to the source of his intelligence. "Was Mr. Ferrars in the carriage with her?" Mrs. Dashwood now looked at her daughter; but Elinor knew better than to expect them. She observed in a low voice, to her mother, that they were probably going down to Mr. Pratt's, near Plymouth. "Yes, ma'am, she said how she was very well; and to my mind she was always a very handsome young lady--and she seemed vastly contented." Mrs. Dashwood feared to hazard any remark, and ventured not to offer consolation.
That he should be married soon, before (as she imagined) he could be in orders, and consequently before he could be in possession of the living, surprised her a little at first. Elinor flattered herself that some one of their connections in London would write to them to announce the event, and give farther particulars,--but day after day passed off, and brought no letter, no tidings. "When do you write to Colonel Brandon, ma'am?" This was gaining something, something to look forward to. Colonel Brandon must have some information to give. Were it possible, she must say it must be Edward. They all waited in silence for the appearance of their visitor. It was put an end to by Mrs. Dashwood, who felt obliged to hope that he had left Mrs. Ferrars very well. "I meant," said Elinor, taking up some work from the table, "to inquire for Mrs. EDWARD Ferrars." "Mrs. Robert Ferrars!" She almost ran out of the room, and as soon as the door was closed, burst into tears of joy, which at first she thought would never cease.
It was only to ask Elinor to marry him;--and considering that he was not altogether inexperienced in such a question, it might be strange that he should feel so uncomfortable in the present case as he really did, so much in need of encouragement and fresh air. But Elinor--how are HER feelings to be described?--From the moment of learning that Lucy was married to another, that Edward was free, to the moment of his justifying the hopes which had so instantly followed, she was every thing by turns but tranquil. She repeated it to Edward. In what state the affair stood at present between them, Edward knew not, for no communication with any of his family had yet been attempted by him. That Lucy had certainly meant to deceive, to go off with a flourish of malice against him in her message by Thomas, was perfectly clear to Elinor; and Edward himself, now thoroughly enlightened on her character, had no scruple in believing her capable of the utmost meanness of wanton ill-nature. Elinor scolded him, harshly as ladies always scold the imprudence which compliments themselves, for having spent so much time with them at Norland, when he must have felt his own inconstancy. Edward had two thousand pounds, and Elinor one, which, with Delaford living, was all that they could call their own; for it was impossible that Mrs. Dashwood should advance anything; and they were neither of them quite enough in love to think that three hundred and fifty pounds a-year would supply them with the comforts of life. Edward was not entirely without hopes of some favourable change in his mother towards him; and on THAT he rested for the residue of their income. About four days after Edward's arrival Colonel Brandon appeared, to complete Mrs. Dashwood's satisfaction, and to give her the dignity of having, for the first time since her living at Barton, more company with her than her house would hold. Edward was allowed to retain the privilege of first comer, and Colonel Brandon therefore walked every night to his old quarters at the Park; from whence he usually returned in the morning, early enough to interrupt the lovers' first tete-a-tete before breakfast. A three weeks' residence at Delaford, where, in his evening hours at least, he had little to do but to calculate the disproportion between thirty-six and seventeen, brought him to Barton in a temper of mind which needed all the improvement in Marianne's looks, all the kindness of her welcome, and all the encouragement of her mother's language, to make it cheerful. Every thing was explained to him by Mrs. Dashwood, and he found fresh reason to rejoice in what he had done for Mr. Ferrars, since eventually it promoted the interest of Elinor. The letters from town, which a few days before would have made every nerve in Elinor's body thrill with transport, now arrived to be read with less emotion than mirth. Neither of them were ever again to be mentioned to Mrs. Ferrars; and even, if she might hereafter be induced to forgive her son, his wife should never be acknowledged as her daughter, nor be permitted to appear in her presence. Perhaps, however, he is kept silent by his fear of offending, and I shall, therefore, give him a hint, by a line to Oxford, that his sister and I both think a letter of proper submission from him, addressed perhaps to Fanny, and by her shewn to her mother, might not be taken amiss; for we all know the tenderness of Mrs. Ferrars's heart, and that she wishes for nothing so much as to be on good terms with her children." He agreed that he might.
  After a proper resistance on the part of Mrs. Ferrars, just so violent and so steady as to preserve her from that reproach which she always seemed fearful of incurring, the reproach of being too amiable, Edward was admitted to her presence, and pronounced to be again her son. Mrs. Jennings's prophecies, though rather jumbled together, were chiefly fulfilled; for she was able to visit Edward and his wife in their Parsonage by Michaelmas, and she found in Elinor and her husband, as she really believed, one of the happiest couples in the world. They had in fact nothing to wish for, but the marriage of Colonel Brandon and Marianne, and rather better pasturage for their cows. But, I confess, it would give me great pleasure to call Colonel Brandon brother. --  But though Mrs. Ferrars DID come to see them, and always treated them with the make-believe of decent affection, they were never insulted by her real favour and preference. When Robert first sought her acquaintance, and privately visited her in Bartlett's Buildings, it was only with the view imputed to him by his brother. Lucy became as necessary to Mrs. Ferrars, as either Robert or Fanny; and while Edward was never cordially forgiven for having once intended to marry her, and Elinor, though superior to her in fortune and birth, was spoken of as an intruder, SHE was in every thing considered, and always openly acknowledged, to be a favourite child. It was now her darling object. Willoughby could not hear of her marriage without a pang; and his punishment was soon afterwards complete in the voluntary forgiveness of Mrs. Smith, who, by stating his marriage with a woman of character, as the source of her clemency, gave him reason for believing that had he behaved with honour towards Marianne, he might at once have been happy and rich. Mrs. Dashwood was prudent enough to remain at the cottage, without attempting a removal to Delaford; and fortunately for Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, when Marianne was taken from them, Margaret had reached an age highly suitable for dancing, and not very ineligible for being supposed to have a lover.
By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. Mr. Dashwood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son;--but to his son, and his son's son, a child of four years old, it was secured, in such a way, as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most dear to him, and who most needed a provision by any charge on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods. His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr. Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters. Mr. John Dashwood had not the strong feelings of the rest of the family; but he was affected by a recommendation of such a nature at such a time, and he promised to do every thing in his power to make them comfortable. But Mrs. John Dashwood was a strong caricature of himself;--more narrow-minded and selfish. -- He thought of it all day long, and for many days successively, and he did not repent. She was generous, amiable, interesting: she was everything but prudent. The resemblance between her and her mother was strikingly great. They encouraged each other now in the violence of their affliction. She could consult with her brother, could receive her sister-in-law on her arrival, and treat her with proper attention; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion, and encourage her to similar forbearance.
  Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors. He really pressed them, with some earnestness, to consider Norland as their home; and, as no plan appeared so eligible to Mrs. Dashwood as remaining there till she could accommodate herself with a house in the neighbourhood, his invitation was accepted. To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree. She begged him to think again on the subject. Consider," she added, "that when the money is once parted with, it never can return. If he should have a numerous family, for instance, it would be a very convenient addition." "Certainly--and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a-piece. Indeed, to say the truth, I am convinced within myself that your father had no idea of your giving them any money at all. Their housekeeping will be nothing at all. Your father thought only of THEM. And I must say this: that you owe no particular gratitude to him, nor attention to his wishes; for we very well know that if he could, he would have left almost everything in the world to THEM." This argument was irresistible. It gave to his intentions whatever of decision was wanting before; and he finally resolved, that it would be absolutely unnecessary, if not highly indecorous, to do more for the widow and children of his father, than such kind of neighbourly acts as his own wife pointed out.
This circumstance was a growing attachment between her eldest girl and the brother of Mrs. John Dashwood, a gentleman-like and pleasing young man, who was introduced to their acquaintance soon after his sister's establishment at Norland, and who had since spent the greatest part of his time there. Some mothers might have encouraged the intimacy from motives of interest, for Edward Ferrars was the eldest son of a man who had died very rich; and some might have repressed it from motives of prudence, for, except a trifling sum, the whole of his fortune depended on the will of his mother. He was not handsome, and his manners required intimacy to make them pleasing. They wanted him to make a fine figure in the world in some manner or other. All his wishes centered in domestic comfort and the quiet of private life. It was a contrast which recommended him most forcibly to her mother. Edward is very amiable, and I love him tenderly. But yet--he is not the kind of young man--there is something wanting--his figure is not striking; it has none of that grace which I should expect in the man who could seriously attach my sister. He must have all Edward's virtues, and his person and manners must ornament his goodness with every possible charm."
She felt that Edward stood very high in her opinion. She tried to explain the real state of the case to her sister. I am by no means assured of his regard for me. He is very far from being independent. "And you really are not engaged to him!" She was far from depending on that result of his preference of her, which her mother and sister still considered as certain. She took the first opportunity of affronting her mother-in-law on the occasion, talking to her so expressively of her brother's great expectations, of Mrs. Ferrars's resolution that both her sons should marry well, and of the danger attending any young woman who attempted to DRAW HIM IN; that Mrs. Dashwood could neither pretend to be unconscious, nor endeavor to be calm. In this state of her spirits, a letter was delivered to her from the post, which contained a proposal particularly well timed. It was the offer of a small house, on very easy terms, belonging to a relation of her own, a gentleman of consequence and property in Devonshire. The letter was from this gentleman himself, and written in the true spirit of friendly accommodation. Her resolution was formed as she read. Elinor had always thought it would be more prudent for them to settle at some distance from Norland, than immediately amongst their present acquaintance.
She concluded with a very kind invitation to Mr. and Mrs. John Dashwood to visit her at Barton; and to Edward she gave one with still greater affection. But Mrs. Dashwood began shortly to give over every hope of the kind, and to be convinced, from the general drift of his discourse, that his assistance extended no farther than their maintenance for six months at Norland. With the size and furniture of the house Mrs. Dashwood was upon the whole well satisfied; for though her former style of life rendered many additions to the latter indispensable, yet to add and improve was a delight to her; and she had at this time ready money enough to supply all that was wanted of greater elegance to the apartments. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. His countenance was thoroughly good-humoured; and his manners were as friendly as the style of his letter. Their arrival seemed to afford him real satisfaction, and their comfort to be an object of real solicitude to him. But they would have been improved by some share of his frankness and warmth; and her visit was long enough to detract something from their first admiration, by shewing that, though perfectly well-bred, she was reserved, cold, and had nothing to say for herself beyond the most common-place inquiry or remark.
The Miss Dashwoods were young, pretty, and unaffected. Colonel Brandon, the friend of Sir John, seemed no more adapted by resemblance of manner to be his friend, than Lady Middleton was to be his wife, or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton's mother. In the evening, as Marianne was discovered to be musical, she was invited to play. Marianne's performance was highly applauded. He paid her only the compliment of attention; and she felt a respect for him on the occasion, which the others had reasonably forfeited by their shameless want of taste. Mrs. Jennings was a widow with an ample jointure. She was remarkably quick in the discovery of attachments, and had enjoyed the advantage of raising the blushes and the vanity of many a young lady by insinuations of her power over such a young man; and this kind of discernment enabled her soon after her arrival at Barton decisively to pronounce that Colonel Brandon was very much in love with Marianne Dashwood. It must be so. At the park she laughed at the colonel, and in the cottage at Marianne. said Mrs. Dashwood. On the contrary, if I have felt any anxiety at all on the subject, it has been in recollecting that he sometimes showed a want of pleasure and readiness in accepting my invitation, when I talked of his coming to Barton. But the whole of their behaviour to each other has been unaccountable! And Elinor, in quitting Norland and Edward, cried not as I did. When is she dejected or melancholy? When does she try to avoid society, or appear restless and dissatisfied in it?"
  The Dashwoods were now settled at Barton with tolerable comfort to themselves. But they learnt, on enquiry, that its possessor, an elderly lady of very good character, was unfortunately too infirm to mix with the world, and never stirred from home. Then passing through the garden, the gate of which had been left open by Margaret, he bore her directly into the house, whither Margaret was just arrived, and quitted not his hold till he had seated her in a chair in the parlour. His name, he replied, was Willoughby, and his present home was at Allenham, from whence he hoped she would allow him the honour of calling tomorrow to enquire after Miss Dashwood. His person and air were equal to what her fancy had ever drawn for the hero of a favourite story; and in his carrying her into the house with so little previous formality, there was a rapidity of thought which particularly recommended the action to her. Every circumstance belonging to him was interesting. On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence; and he told them that Mr. Willoughby had no property of his own in the country; that he resided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court, to whom he was related, and whose possessions he was to inherit; adding, "Yes, yes, he is very well worth catching I can tell you, Miss Dashwood; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besides; and if I were you, I would not give him up to my younger sister, in spite of all this tumbling down hills. "Aye, aye, I see how it will be," said Sir John, "I see how it will be. You will be setting your cap at him now, and never think of poor Brandon."
Their taste was strikingly alike. -- Marianne was softened in a moment. He came to them every day. His society became gradually her most exquisite enjoyment. They read, they talked, they sang together; his musical talents were considerable; and he read with all the sensibility and spirit which Edward had unfortunately wanted. In Mrs. Dashwood's estimation he was as faultless as in Marianne's; and Elinor saw nothing to censure in him but a propensity, in which he strongly resembled and peculiarly delighted her sister, of saying too much what he thought on every occasion, without attention to persons or circumstances. Sir John had dropped hints of past injuries and disappointments, which justified her belief of his being an unfortunate man, and she regarded him with respect and compassion. I can only pronounce him to be a sensible man, well-bred, well-informed, of gentle address, and, I believe, possessing an amiable heart."
If dancing formed the amusement of the night, they were partners for half the time; and when obliged to separate for a couple of dances, were careful to stand together and scarcely spoke a word to any body else. She had nothing to say one day that she had not said the day before. In Colonel Brandon alone, of all her new acquaintance, did Elinor find a person who could in any degree claim the respect of abilities, excite the interest of friendship, or give pleasure as a companion. Willoughby was out of the question. Marianne told her, with the greatest delight, that Willoughby had given her a horse, one that he had bred himself on his estate in Somersetshire, and which was exactly calculated to carry a woman. Elinor then ventured to doubt the propriety of her receiving such a present from a man so little, or at least so lately known to her. This was too much. I have not known him long indeed, but I am much better acquainted with him, than I am with any other creature in the world, except yourself and mama. She knew her sister's temper. "Oh, Elinor!" When Mrs. Jennings attacked her one evening at the park, to give the name of the young man who was Elinor's particular favourite, which had been long a matter of great curiosity to her, Margaret answered by looking at her sister, and saying, "I must not tell, may I, Elinor?" "Well, then, he is lately dead, Marianne, for I am sure there was such a man once, and his name begins with an F."  Most grateful did Elinor feel to Lady Middleton for observing, at this moment, "that it rained very hard," though she believed the interruption to proceed less from any attention to her, than from her ladyship's great dislike of all such inelegant subjects of raillery as delighted her husband and mother. A party was formed this evening for going on the following day to see a very fine place about twelve miles from Barton, belonging to a brother-in-law of Colonel Brandon, without whose interest it could not be seen, as the proprietor, who was then abroad, had left strict orders on that head.
Among the rest there was one for Colonel Brandon;--he took it, looked at the direction, changed colour, and immediately left the room. In about five minutes he returned. It came from town, and is merely a letter of business." said Mrs. Jennings, without attending to her daughter's reproof. cried Mrs. Jennings. I would lay fifty guineas the letter was of his own writing." Colonel Brandon's horses were announced. He wished her a good morning, and, attended by Sir John, left the room. "And who is Miss Williams?" asked Marianne. Mrs. Jennings laughed heartily; and Elinor found that in her resolution to know where they had been, she had actually made her own woman enquire of Mr. Willoughby's groom; and that she had by that method been informed that they had gone to Allenham, and spent a considerable time there in walking about the garden and going all over the house. Elinor could hardly believe this to be true, as it seemed very unlikely that Willoughby should propose, or Marianne consent, to enter the house while Mrs. Smith was in it, with whom Marianne had not the smallest acquaintance. Willoughby." So wondered, so talked Mrs. Jennings. It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject, which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all. No. Tell me that not only your house will remain the same, but that I shall ever find you and yours as unchanged as your dwelling; and that you will always consider me with the kindness which has made everything belonging to you so dear to me." said Mrs. Dashwood, when he was leaving them.
  Mrs. Dashwood's visit to Lady Middleton took place the next day, and two of her daughters went with her; but Marianne excused herself from being of the party, under some trifling pretext of employment; and her mother, who concluded that a promise had been made by Willoughby the night before of calling on her while they were absent, was perfectly satisfied with her remaining at home. On their return from the park they found Willoughby's curricle and servant in waiting at the cottage, and Mrs. Dashwood was convinced that her conjecture had been just. He coloured as he replied, "You are very kind, but I have no idea of returning into Devonshire immediately. Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. Mrs. Dashwood first spoke. I am persuaded that Mrs. Smith suspects his regard for Marianne, disapproves of it, (perhaps because she has other views for him,) and on that account is eager to get him away;--and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him. My Elinor, is it possible to doubt their engagement? But why? can he be deceitful?" She avoided the looks of them all, could neither eat nor speak, and after some time, on her mother's silently pressing her hand with tender compassion, her small degree of fortitude was quite overcome, she burst into tears and left the room.
No letter from Willoughby came; and none seemed expected by Marianne. "Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby? It is not Willoughby. He was welcomed by them all with great cordiality, but especially by Marianne, who showed more warmth of regard in her reception of him than even Elinor herself. Mrs. Dashwood was surprised only for a moment at seeing him; for his coming to Barton was, in her opinion, of all things the most natural. Edward started--"Reserved!
Marianne looked with amazement at Edward, with compassion at her sister. She was sitting by Edward, and in taking his tea from Mrs. Dashwood, his hand passed so directly before her, as to make a ring, with a plait of hair in the centre, very conspicuous on one of his fingers. Elinor had met his eye, and looked conscious likewise. That the hair was her own, she instantaneously felt as well satisfied as Marianne; the only difference in their conclusions was, that what Marianne considered as a free gift from her sister, Elinor was conscious must have been procured by some theft or contrivance unknown to herself. Before the middle of the day, they were visited by Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, who, having heard of the arrival of a gentleman at the cottage, came to take a survey of the guest. Sir John never came to the Dashwoods without either inviting them to dine at the park the next day, or to drink tea with them that evening.
Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time. "I think," replied Edward, "that I may defy many months to produce any good to me." Elinor sat down to her drawing-table as soon as he was out of the house, busily employed herself the whole day, neither sought nor avoided the mention of his name, appeared to interest herself almost as much as ever in the general concerns of the family, and if, by this conduct, she did not lessen her own grief, it was at least prevented from unnecessary increase, and her mother and sisters were spared much solicitude on her account. I have brought my other son and daughter to see you. Mrs. Palmer was several years younger than Lady Middleton, and totally unlike her in every respect. said his wife, laughing. Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park. "They mean no less to be civil and kind to us now," said Elinor, "by these frequent invitations, than by those which we received from them a few weeks ago. The alteration is not in them, if their parties are grown tedious and dull. We must look for the change elsewhere."
"Much nearer thirty," said her husband. It was the desire of appearing superior to other people. Palmer?" "Mr. Brandon was very well I hope?" Sir John and Lady Middleton wished it very much. The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other. In a morning's excursion to Exeter, they had met with two young ladies, whom Mrs. Jennings had the satisfaction of discovering to be her relations, and this was enough for Sir John to invite them directly to the park, as soon as their present engagements at Exeter were over. She declared them to be very agreeable girls indeed, which for her ladyship was enthusiastic admiration. But Sir John could not prevail. said Lucy Steele. The vulgar freedom and folly of the eldest left her no recommendation, and as Elinor was not blinded by the beauty, or the shrewd look of the youngest, to her want of real elegance and artlessness, she left the house without any wish of knowing them better. But Sir John did not sport long with the curiosity which he delighted to raise, for he had at least as much pleasure in telling the name, as Miss Steele had in hearing it. "Ferrars!" "Though we have seen him once or twice at my uncle's, it is rather too much to pretend to know him very well." "And who was this uncle?
Lucy was naturally clever; her remarks were often just and amusing; and as a companion for half an hour Elinor frequently found her agreeable; but her powers had received no aid from education: she was ignorant and illiterate; and her deficiency of all mental improvement, her want of information in the most common particulars, could not be concealed from Miss Dashwood, in spite of her constant endeavour to appear to advantage. Elinor DID think the question a very odd one, and her countenance expressed it, as she answered that she had never seen Mrs. Ferrars. "We have been engaged these four years." "He was four years with my uncle, who lives at Longstaple, near Plymouth. Lucy spoke first. As she said this, she looked earnestly at Lucy, hoping to discover something in her countenance; perhaps the falsehood of the greatest part of what she had been saying; but Lucy's countenance suffered no change. Every thing in such suspense and uncertainty; and seeing him so seldom--we can hardly meet above twice a-year. Elinor saw that it WAS his hand, and she could doubt no longer. I gave him a lock of my hair set in a ring when he was at Longstaple last, and that was some comfort to him, he said, but not equal to a picture.
His affection was all her own. Could he ever be tolerably happy with Lucy Steele; could he, were his affection for herself out of the question, with his integrity, his delicacy, and well-informed mind, be satisfied with a wife like her--illiterate, artful, and selfish? As these considerations occurred to her in painful succession, she wept for him, more than for herself. She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again, she wanted more clearly to understand what Lucy really felt for Edward, whether there were any sincerity in her declaration of tender regard for him, and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy, by her readiness to enter on the matter again, and her calmness in conversing on it, that she was no otherwise interested in it than as a friend, which she very much feared her involuntary agitation, in their morning discourse, must have left at least doubtful. Lucy went on. asked Elinor. He is brother to Mrs. John Dashwood--THAT must be recommendation enough to her husband." "But Mrs. John Dashwood would not much approve of Edward's going into orders." "Certainly not." Elinor was soon called to the card-table by the conclusion of the first rubber, and the confidential discourse of the two ladies was therefore at an end, to which both of them submitted without any reluctance, for nothing had been said on either side to make them dislike each other less than they had done before; and Elinor sat down to the card table with the melancholy persuasion that Edward was not only without affection for the person who was to be his wife; but that he had not even the chance of being tolerably happy in marriage, which sincere affection on HER side would have given, for self-interest alone could induce a woman to keep a man to an engagement, of which she seemed so thoroughly aware that he was weary. From this time the subject was never revived by Elinor, and when entered on by Lucy, who seldom missed an opportunity of introducing it, and was particularly careful to inform her confidante, of her happiness whenever she received a letter from Edward, it was treated by the former with calmness and caution, and dismissed as soon as civility would allow; for she felt such conversations to be an indulgence which Lucy did not deserve, and which were dangerous to herself.
Their departure took place in the first week in January. She sat in silence almost all the way, wrapt in her own meditations, and scarcely ever voluntarily speaking, except when any object of picturesque beauty within their view drew from her an exclamation of delight exclusively addressed to her sister. Elinor said no more; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was, that, however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair, they must be engaged. It was a great satisfaction to Elinor that Mrs. Jennings, by being much engaged in her own room, could see little of what was passing. It was too great a shock to be borne with calmness, and she immediately left the room. Mrs. Jennings soon came in. "Ay, to be sure, I thought as much. Elinor now began to make the tea, and Marianne was obliged to appear again. Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits and happy looks. Wherever they went, she was evidently always on the watch. "How very odd!" She determined, after some consideration, that if appearances continued many days longer as unpleasant as they now were, she would represent in the strongest manner to her mother the necessity of some serious enquiry into the affair.
cried Marianne, "he has been here while we were out." She insisted on being left behind, the next morning, when the others went out. "You are expecting a letter, then?" It was from Lady Middleton, announcing their arrival in Conduit Street the night before, and requesting the company of her mother and cousins the following evening. Elinor was very earnest in her application to her mother, relating all that had passed, her suspicions of Willoughby's inconstancy, urging her by every plea of duty and affection to demand from Marianne an account of her real situation with respect to him. Her letter was scarcely finished, when a rap foretold a visitor, and Colonel Brandon was announced. Elinor, persuaded that he had some communication to make in which her sister was concerned, impatiently expected its opening. Nothing occurred during the next three or four days, to make Elinor regret what she had done, in applying to her mother; for Willoughby neither came nor wrote. After some time spent in saying little or doing less, Lady Middleton sat down to Cassino, and as Marianne was not in spirits for moving about, she and Elinor luckily succeeding to chairs, placed themselves at no great distance from the table. They had not remained in this manner long, before Elinor perceived Willoughby, standing within a few yards of them, in earnest conversation with a very fashionable looking young woman. He could not then avoid it, but her touch seemed painful to him, and he held her hand only for a moment. "Go to him, Elinor," she cried, as soon as she could speak, "and force him to come to me. In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase, and telling Marianne that he was gone, urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening, as a fresh argument for her to be calm. She instantly begged her sister would entreat Lady Middleton to take them home, as she was too miserable to stay a minute longer. Marianne was in a silent agony, too much oppressed even for tears; but as Mrs. Jennings was luckily not come home, they could go directly to their own room, where hartshorn restored her a little to herself. Absence might have weakened his regard, and convenience might have determined him to overcome it, but that such a regard had formerly existed she could not bring herself to doubt.
As this was a favourite meal with Mrs. Jennings, it lasted a considerable time, and they were just setting themselves, after it, round the common working table, when a letter was delivered to Marianne, which she eagerly caught from the servant, and, turning of a death-like paleness, instantly ran out of the room. Mrs. Jennings laughed again, but Elinor had not spirits to say more, and eager at all events to know what Willoughby had written, hurried away to their room, where, on opening the door, she saw Marianne stretched on the bed, almost choked by grief, one letter in her hand, and two or three others laying by her. That I should ever have meant more      you will allow to be impossible, when you understand      that my affections have been long engaged elsewhere,      and it will not be many weeks, I believe, before      this engagement is fulfilled. Think of your mother; think of her misery while YOU suffer: for her sake you must exert yourself." "But he told you that he loved you." It was every day implied, but never professedly declared. "To-morrow, Marianne!" I came only for Willoughby's sake--and now who cares for me? We owe Mrs. Jennings much more than civility; and civility of the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that."
He is to be married very soon--a good-for-nothing fellow! Marianne was to have the best place by the fire, was to be tempted to eat by every delicacy in the house, and to be amused by the relation of all the news of the day. Had not Elinor, in the sad countenance of her sister, seen a check to all mirth, she could have been entertained by Mrs. Jennings's endeavours to cure a disappointment in love, by a variety of sweetmeats and olives, and a good fire. "I never heard any harm of her; indeed I hardly ever heard her mentioned; except that Mrs. Taylor did say this morning, that one day Miss Walker hinted to her, that she believed Mr. and Mrs. Ellison would not be sorry to have Miss Grey married, for she and Mrs. Ellison could never agree." "It would be unnecessary I am sure, for you to caution Mrs. Palmer and Sir John against ever naming Mr. Willoughby, or making the slightest allusion to what has passed, before my sister. He will have her at last; aye, that he will. One thing, especially, I remember, because it served to identify the man still more:--as soon as the ceremony was over, they were to go to Combe Magna, his seat in Somersetshire.
  From a night of more sleep than she had expected, Marianne awoke the next morning to the same consciousness of misery in which she had closed her eyes. Marianne heard enough. But the letter, when she was calm enough to read it, brought little comfort. All her impatience to be at home again now returned; her mother was dearer to her than ever; dearer through the very excess of her mistaken confidence in Willoughby, and she was wildly urgent to be gone. cried Elinor. Marianne moved to the window--  "It is Colonel Brandon!" "You have something to tell me of Mr. Willoughby, that will open his character farther. You will find me a very awkward narrator, Miss Dashwood; I hardly know where to begin. This lady was one of my nearest relations, an orphan from her infancy, and under the guardianship of my father. At seventeen she was lost to me for ever. She was married--married against her inclination to my brother. Her fortune was large, and our family estate much encumbered. My brother had no regard for her; his pleasures were not what they ought to have been, and from the first he treated her unkindly. But can we wonder that, with such a husband to provoke inconstancy, and without a friend to advise or restrain her (for my father lived only a few months after their marriage, and I was with my regiment in the East Indies) she should fall? "It was nearly three years after this unhappy period before I returned to England. At last, however, and after I had been six months in England, I DID find her. So altered--so faded--worn down by acute suffering of every kind! I saw her placed in comfortable lodgings, and under proper attendants; I visited her every day during the rest of her short life: I was with her in her last moments." She left to my care her only child, a little girl, the offspring of her first guilty connection, who was then about three years old. I had allowed her, (imprudently, as it has since turned out,) at her earnest desire, to go to Bath with one of her young friends, who was attending her father there for his health. In short, I could learn nothing but that she was gone; all the rest, for eight long months, was left to conjecture. --  "The first news that reached me of her," he continued, "came in a letter from herself, last October. He had left the girl whose youth and innocence he had seduced, in a situation of the utmost distress, with no creditable home, no help, no friends, ignorant of his address! He had left her, promising to return; he neither returned, nor wrote, nor relieved her." We returned unwounded, and the meeting, therefore, never got abroad."
She felt the loss of Willoughby's character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams, the misery of that poor girl, and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself, preyed altogether so much on her spirits, that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor; and, brooding over her sorrows in silence, gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them. It was an unaccountable business. Mrs. Palmer, in her way, was equally angry. The calm and polite unconcern of Lady Middleton on the occasion was a happy relief to Elinor's spirits, oppressed as they often were by the clamorous kindness of the others. Early in February, within a fortnight from the receipt of Willoughby's letter, Elinor had the painful office of informing her sister that he was married. She received the news with resolute composure; made no observation on it, and at first shed no tears; but after a short time they would burst out, and for the rest of the day, she was in a state hardly less pitiable than when she first learnt to expect the event. "Well, my dear," said Mrs. Jennings, "and how did you travel?" interposed Mrs. Jennings. Lucy was silenced. Elinor, with great civility, declined the proposal. After some opposition, Marianne yielded to her sister's entreaties, and consented to go out with her and Mrs. Jennings one morning for half an hour. Their affection and pleasure in meeting was just enough to make a very creditable appearance in Mr. Gray's shop. Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days. Mr. Dashwood attended them down stairs, was introduced to Mrs. Jennings at the door of her carriage, and repeating his hope of being able to call on them the next day, took leave. His visit was duly paid. After staying with them half an hour, he asked Elinor to walk with him to Conduit Street, and introduce him to Sir John and Lady Middleton. "Who is Colonel Brandon? Is he a man of fortune?" It is not to be supposed that any prior attachment on your side--in short, you know as to an attachment of that kind, it is quite out of the question, the objections are insurmountable--you have too much sense not to see all that. "It is not actually settled, but there is such a thing in agitation. You may guess, after all these expenses, how very far we must be from being rich, and how acceptable Mrs. Ferrars's kindness is." But, my dear Elinor, what is the matter with Marianne?-- she looks very unwell, has lost her colour, and is grown quite thin. Elinor tried very seriously to convince him that there was no likelihood of her marrying Colonel Brandon; but it was an expectation of too much pleasure to himself to be relinquished, and he was really resolved on seeking an intimacy with that gentleman, and promoting the marriage by every possible attention. They were lucky enough to find Lady Middleton at home, and Sir John came in before their visit ended. "I shall have a charming account to carry to Fanny," said he, as he walked back with his sister. "Lady Middleton is really a most elegant woman!
Lady Middleton was equally pleased with Mrs. Dashwood. Their sisters and Mrs. Jennings were invited likewise, and John Dashwood was careful to secure Colonel Brandon, who, always glad to be where the Miss Dashwoods were, received his eager civilities with some surprise, but much more pleasure. On Elinor its effect was very different. She began immediately to determine, that Edward who lived with his mother, must be asked as his mother was, to a party given by his sister; and to see him for the first time, after all that passed, in the company of Lucy!--she hardly knew how she could bear it! Mrs. Ferrars was a little, thin woman, upright, even to formality, in her figure, and serious, even to sourness, in her aspect. And so saying, she took the screens out of her sister-in-law's hands, to admire them herself as they ought to be admired. Don't let them make YOU unhappy." poor dear," immediately gave her her salts; and Sir John felt so desperately enraged against the author of this nervous distress, that he instantly changed his seat to one close by Lucy Steele, and gave her, in a whisper, a brief account of the whole shocking affair.
Could anything be so flattering as Mrs. Ferrars's way of treating me yesterday? Her manners gave some re-assurance to Edward, and he had courage enough to sit down; but his embarrassment still exceeded that of the ladies in a proportion, which the case rendered reasonable, though his sex might make it rare; for his heart had not the indifference of Lucy's, nor could his conscience have quite the ease of Elinor's. "Dear Edward!" But what was that, when such friends were to be met?" "Going so soon!" But even this encouragement failed, for he would go; and Lucy, who would have outstaid him, had his visit lasted two hours, soon afterwards went away. said Marianne, on her leaving them. Within a few days after this meeting, the newspapers announced to the world, that the lady of Thomas Palmer, Esq. Though nothing could be more polite than Lady Middleton's behaviour to Elinor and Marianne, she did not really like them at all. She perceived him soon afterwards looking at herself, and speaking familiarly to her brother; and had just determined to find out his name from the latter, when they both came towards her, and Mr. Dashwood introduced him to her as Mr. Robert Ferrars. He addressed her with easy civility, and twisted his head into a bow which assured her as plainly as words could have done, that he was exactly the coxcomb she had heard him described to be by Lucy. Elinor set him right as to its situation; and it seemed rather surprising to him that anybody could live in Devonshire, without living near Dawlish.
have you heard the news?" says I, 'is Mrs. Dashwood ill?' He and I had a great deal of talk about it; and the best of all is, that he is gone back again to Harley Street, that he may be within call when Mrs. Ferrars is told of it, for she was sent for as soon as ever my cousins left the house, for your sister was sure SHE would be in hysterics too; and so she may, for what I care. "What!--while attending me in all my misery, has this been on your heart?--And I have reproached you for being happy!" --  "By feeling that I was doing my duty.--My promise to Lucy, obliged me to be secret. Poor Fanny! "What poor Mrs. Ferrars suffered, when first Fanny broke it to her, is not to be described. Nothing should prevail on him to give up his engagement. Marianne sighed out her similar apprehension; and Elinor's heart wrung for the feelings of Edward, while braving his mother's threats, for a woman who could not reward him. I left her this morning with her lawyer, talking over the business." said Mrs. Jennings, "that is HER revenge. Marianne got up and walked about the room. Poor Edward!
The third day succeeding their knowledge of the particulars, was so fine, so beautiful a Sunday as to draw many to Kensington Gardens, though it was only the second week in March. But, to be sure, Lucy would not give ear to such kind of talking; so she told him directly (with a great deal about sweet and love, you know, and all that--Oh, la! "Wait for his having a living!--ay, we all know how THAT will end:--they will wait a twelvemonth, and finding no good comes of it, will set down upon a curacy of fifty pounds a-year, with the interest of his two thousand pounds, and what little matter Mr. Steele and Mr. Pratt can give her.--Then they will have a child every year! The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself.
The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March, for the Easter holidays; and Mrs. Jennings, with both her friends, received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them. When she told Marianne what she had done, however, her first reply was not very auspicious. By which the Colonel was surprised to find that SHE was considering Mr. Ferrars's marriage as the certain consequence of the presentation; for he did not suppose it possible that Delaford living could supply such an income, as anybody in his style of life would venture to settle on--and he said so. "This little rectory CAN do no more than make Mr. Ferrars comfortable as a bachelor; it cannot enable him to marry.
cried Mrs. Jennings; "Lord! Ferrars!" Edward, having carried his thanks to Colonel Brandon, proceeded with his happiness to Lucy; and such was the excess of it by the time he reached Bartlett's Buildings, that she was able to assure Mrs. Jennings, who called on her again the next day with her congratulations, that she had never seen him in such spirits before in her life. He expressed great pleasure in meeting Elinor, told her that he had been just going to call in Berkeley Street, and, assuring her that Fanny would be very glad to see her, invited her to come in. Mrs. Ferrars is one of the most affectionate mothers in the world." 'It would have been beyond comparison,' she said, 'the least evil of the two, and she would be glad to compound NOW for nothing worse.' Has Colonel Brandon been with you lately?" After a few moments' chat, John Dashwood, recollecting that Fanny was yet uninformed of her sister's being there, quitted the room in quest of her; and Elinor was left to improve her acquaintance with Robert, who, by the gay unconcern, the happy self-complacency of his manner while enjoying so unfair a division of his mother's love and liberality, to the prejudice of his banished brother, earned only by his own dissipated course of life, and that brother's integrity, was confirming her most unfavourable opinion of his head and heart.
For the convenience of Charlotte and her child, they were to be more than two days on their journey, and Mr. Palmer, travelling more expeditiously with Colonel Brandon, was to join them at Cleveland soon after their arrival. Mrs. Jennings had determined very early in the seizure that Marianne would never get over it, and Colonel Brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to Mrs. Jennings's forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. "But she must not go round by London," cried Marianne, in the same hurried manner. Her fears, he had no courage, no confidence to attempt the removal of:--he listened to them in silent despondence;--but her difficulties were instantly obviated, for with a readiness that seemed to speak the occasion, and the service pre-arranged in his mind, he offered himself as the messenger who should fetch Mrs. Dashwood. But it was too late. Marianne was in every respect materially better, and he declared her entirely out of danger. All that remained to be done was to be speedy; and, therefore staying only till she could leave Mrs. Jennings's maid with her sister, she hurried down stairs.
"With me!" The possibility of Colonel Brandon's arriving and finding her there, came across her. But she had promised to hear him, and her curiosity no less than her honor was engaged. Elinor looked at him with greater astonishment than ever. --cried Elinor, more and more at a loss to understand what he would be at. I acknowledge that her situation and her character ought to have been respected by me. Smith?" she offered to forgive the past, if I would marry Eliza. "It was necessary to my own pride. He stopped. Not aware of their being in town, however, I blundered on Sir John, I believe, the first day of his coming, and the day after I had called at Mrs. Jennings's. "But the letter, Mr. Willoughby, your own letter; have you any thing to say about that?" It was not forced on you. Each faulty propensity in leading him to evil, had led him likewise to punishment. The attachment, from which against honour, against feeling, against every better interest he had outwardly torn himself, now, when no longer allowable, governed every thought; and the connection, for the sake of which he had, with little scruple, left her sister to misery, was likely to prove a source of unhappiness to himself of a far more incurable nature. He held out his hand. She could not refuse to give him hers;--he pressed it with affection.
Mrs. Dashwood, whose terror as they drew near the house had produced almost the conviction of Marianne's being no more, had no voice to inquire after her, no voice even for Elinor; but SHE, waiting neither for salutation nor inquiry, instantly gave the joyful relief;--and her mother, catching it with all her usual warmth, was in a moment as much overcome by her happiness, as she had been before by her fears. Marianne continued to mend every day, and the brilliant cheerfulness of Mrs. Dashwood's looks and spirits proved her to be, as she repeatedly declared herself, one of the happiest women in the world. Colonel Brandon loves Marianne. He has told me so himself." But he did not ask for hope or encouragement. "No.--He thinks Marianne's affection too deeply rooted for any change in it under a great length of time, and even supposing her heart again free, is too diffident of himself to believe, that with such a difference of age and disposition he could ever attach her. The Dashwoods were two days on the road, and Marianne bore her journey on both, without essential fatigue. I have formed my plan, and am determined to enter on a course of serious study. Elinor said no more. As soon as they entered the house, Marianne with a kiss of gratitude and these two words just articulate through her tears, "Tell mama," withdrew from her sister and walked slowly up stairs.
She rejoiced in his being cleared from some part of his imputed guilt;--she was sorry for him;--she wished him happy. But does it follow that had he married you, he would have been happy?--The inconveniences would have been different. Elinor grew impatient for some tidings of Edward. She had heard nothing of him since her leaving London, nothing new of his plans, nothing certain even of his present abode. Their man-servant had been sent one morning to Exeter on business; and when, as he waited at table, he had satisfied the inquiries of his mistress as to the event of his errand, this was his voluntary communication--  "I suppose you know, ma'am, that Mr. Ferrars is married." "Who told you that Mr. Ferrars was married, Thomas?" They was stopping in a chaise at the door of the New London Inn, as I went there with a message from Sally at the Park to her brother, who is one of the post-boys. "Yes, ma'am, I just see him leaning back in it, but he did not look up;--he never was a gentleman much for talking." She feared that under this persuasion she had been unjust, inattentive, nay, almost unkind, to her Elinor;--that Marianne's affliction, because more acknowledged, more immediately before her, had too much engrossed her tenderness, and led her away to forget that in Elinor she might have a daughter suffering almost as much, certainly with less self-provocation, and greater fortitude. Colonel Brandon must have some information to give. Scarcely had she so determined it, when the figure of a man on horseback drew her eyes to the window. He had just dismounted;--she could not be mistaken,--it WAS Edward. They all waited in silence for the appearance of their visitor. "Mrs. Robert Ferrars!" She almost ran out of the room, and as soon as the door was closed, burst into tears of joy, which at first she thought would never cease.
He had more than the ordinary triumph of accepted love to swell his heart, and raise his spirits. Considering everything, therefore, I hope, foolish as our engagement was, foolish as it has since in every way been proved, it was not at the time an unnatural or an inexcusable piece of folly." He put the letter into Elinor's hands. She could not foresee that Colonel Brandon would give me a living." Elinor smiled, and shook her head. He agreed that he might. He had nothing to urge against it, but still resisted the idea of a letter of proper submission; and therefore, to make it easier to him, as he declared a much greater willingness to make mean concessions by word of mouth than on paper, it was resolved that, instead of writing to Fanny, he should go to London, and personally intreat her good offices in his favour.-- "And if they really DO interest themselves," said Marianne, in her new character of candour, "in bringing about a reconciliation, I shall think that even John and Fanny are not entirely without merit."
It was as much, however, as was desired, and more than was expected, by Edward and Elinor; and Mrs. Ferrars herself, by her shuffling excuses, seemed the only person surprised at her not giving more. THAT was due to the folly of Robert, and the cunning of his wife; and it was earned by them before many months had passed away. Elinor's marriage divided her as little from her family as could well be contrived, without rendering the cottage at Barton entirely useless, for her mother and sisters spent much more than half their time with her. Mrs. Dashwood was acting on motives of policy as well as pleasure in the frequency of her visits at Delaford; for her wish of bringing Marianne and Colonel Brandon together was hardly less earnest, though rather more liberal than what John had expressed. Colonel Brandon was now as happy, as all those who best loved him, believed he deserved to be;--in Marianne he was consoled for every past affliction;--her regard and her society restored his mind to animation, and his spirits to cheerfulness; and that Marianne found her own happiness in forming his, was equally the persuasion and delight of each observing friend. Marianne could never love by halves; and her whole heart became, in time, as much devoted to her husband, as it had once been to Willoughby. Mrs. Dashwood was prudent enough to remain at the cottage, without attempting a removal to Delaford; and fortunately for Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, when Marianne was taken from them, Margaret had reached an age highly suitable for dancing, and not very ineligible for being supposed to have a lover.
  The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex. But her death, which happened ten years before his own, produced a great alteration in his home; for to supply her loss, he invited and received into his house the family of his nephew Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inheritor of the Norland estate, and the person to whom he intended to bequeath it. His attachment to them all increased. By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. He survived his uncle no longer; and ten thousand pounds, including the late legacies, was all that remained for his widow and daughters. His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr. Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters. But Mrs. John Dashwood was a strong caricature of himself;--more narrow-minded and selfish. When he gave his promise to his father, he meditated within himself to increase the fortunes of his sisters by the present of a thousand pounds a-piece. The resemblance between her and her mother was strikingly great. Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors. Five hundred a year! "Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood. Some mothers might have encouraged the intimacy from motives of interest, for Edward Ferrars was the eldest son of a man who had died very rich; and some might have repressed it from motives of prudence, for, except a trifling sum, the whole of his fortune depended on the will of his mother. He was too diffident to do justice to himself; but when his natural shyness was overcome, his behaviour gave every indication of an open, affectionate heart. All his wishes centered in domestic comfort and the quiet of private life. Fortunately he had a younger brother who was more promising. "It is enough," said she; "to say that he is unlike Fanny is enough. Edward is very amiable, and I love him tenderly. Elinor has not my feelings, and therefore she may overlook it, and be happy with him. Marianne was rejoiced to find her sister so easily pleased. She felt that Edward stood very high in her opinion. Cold-hearted Elinor! "And you really are not engaged to him!" Mrs. John Dashwood said nothing; but her husband civilly hoped that she would not be settled far from Norland. She concluded with a very kind invitation to Mr. and Mrs. John Dashwood to visit her at Barton; and to Edward she gave one with still greater affection. The man and one of the maids were sent off immediately into Devonshire, to prepare the house for their mistress's arrival; for as Lady Middleton was entirely unknown to Mrs. Dashwood, she preferred going directly to the cottage to being a visitor at Barton Park; and she relied so undoubtingly on Sir John's description of the house, as to feel no curiosity to examine it herself till she entered it as her own. "Dear, dear Norland!"
As a house, Barton Cottage, though small, was comfortable and compact; but as a cottage it was defective, for the building was regular, the roof was tiled, the window shutters were not painted green, nor were the walls covered with honeysuckles. The village of Barton was chiefly on one of these hills, and formed a pleasant view from the cottage windows. Marianne's pianoforte was unpacked and properly disposed of; and Elinor's drawings were affixed to the walls of their sitting room. In such employments as these they were interrupted soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of their landlord, who called to welcome them to Barton, and to offer them every accommodation from his own house and garden in which theirs might at present be deficient. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. But they would have been improved by some share of his frankness and warmth; and her visit was long enough to detract something from their first admiration, by shewing that, though perfectly well-bred, she was reserved, cold, and had nothing to say for herself beyond the most common-place inquiry or remark. Conversation however was not wanted, for Sir John was very chatty, and Lady Middleton had taken the wise precaution of bringing with her their eldest child, a fine little boy about six years old, by which means there was one subject always to be recurred to by the ladies in case of extremity, for they had to enquire his name and age, admire his beauty, and ask him questions which his mother answered for him, while he hung about her and held down his head, to the great surprise of her ladyship, who wondered at his being so shy before company, as he could make noise enough at home. On every formal visit a child ought to be of the party, by way of provision for discourse. In the present case it took up ten minutes to determine whether the boy were most like his father or mother, and in what particular he resembled either, for of course every body differed, and every body was astonished at the opinion of the others. Barton Park was about half a mile from the cottage. Sir John was a sportsman, Lady Middleton a mother. The young ladies, as well as their mother, were perfectly satisfied with having two entire strangers of the party, and wished for no more. Mrs. Jennings, Lady Middleton's mother, was a good-humoured, merry, fat, elderly woman, who talked a great deal, seemed very happy, and rather vulgar. Colonel Brandon, the friend of Sir John, seemed no more adapted by resemblance of manner to be his friend, than Lady Middleton was to be his wife, or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton's mother. There was nothing in any of the party which could recommend them as companions to the Dashwoods; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive, that in comparison of it the gravity of Colonel Brandon, and even the boisterous mirth of Sir John and his mother-in-law was interesting. At the park she laughed at the colonel, and in the cottage at Marianne. said Elinor, "do you call Colonel Brandon infirm? I know very well that Colonel Brandon is not old enough to make his friends yet apprehensive of losing him in the course of nature. said Mrs. Dashwood. "How strange this is! But the whole of their behaviour to each other has been unaccountable! The Dashwoods were now settled at Barton with tolerable comfort to themselves. But they learnt, on enquiry, that its possessor, an elderly lady of very good character, was unfortunately too infirm to mix with the world, and never stirred from home. They set off. Marianne had at first the advantage, but a false step brought her suddenly to the ground; and Margaret, unable to stop herself to assist her, was involuntarily hurried along, and reached the bottom in safety. A gentleman carrying a gun, with two pointers playing round him, was passing up the hill and within a few yards of Marianne, when her accident happened. He put down his gun and ran to her assistance. Mrs. Dashwood then begged to know to whom she was obliged. "Willoughby!" "And is that all you can say for him?" Sir John was rather puzzled. said Elinor. Miss Marianne must not expect to have all the men to herself. "That is what I like; that is what a young man ought to be. "That is an expression, Sir John," said Marianne, warmly, "which I particularly dislike. You have already ascertained Mr. Willoughby's opinion in almost every matter of importance. --  "Elinor," cried Marianne, "is this fair? is this just? He came to them every day. She liked him--in spite of his gravity and reserve, she beheld in him an object of interest. "That he is patronised by YOU," replied Willoughby, "is certainly in his favour; but as for the esteem of the others, it is a reproach in itself. "That is to say," cried Marianne contemptuously, "he has told you, that in the East Indies the climate is hot, and the mosquitoes are troublesome."
Yet such was the case. If their evenings at the park were concluded with cards, he cheated himself and all the rest of the party to get her a good hand. She had nothing to say one day that she had not said the day before. Willoughby was out of the question. Colonel Brandon, unfortunately for himself, had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne, and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister. "No," replied Elinor, "her opinions are all romantic." "I believe she does. Elinor attempted no more. As Elinor and Marianne were walking together the next morning the latter communicated a piece of news to her sister, which in spite of all that she knew before of Marianne's imprudence and want of thought, surprised her by its extravagant testimony of both. Marianne told her, with the greatest delight, that Willoughby had given her a horse, one that he had bred himself on his estate in Somersetshire, and which was exactly calculated to carry a woman. Elinor then ventured to doubt the propriety of her receiving such a present from a man so little, or at least so lately known to her. This was too much. She knew her sister's temper. But by an appeal to her affection for her mother, by representing the inconveniences which that indulgent mother must draw on herself, if (as would probably be the case) she consented to this increase of establishment, Marianne was shortly subdued; and she promised not to tempt her mother to such imprudent kindness by mentioning the offer, and to tell Willoughby when she saw him next, that it must be declined. "Oh, Elinor!" I am sure they will be married very soon, for he has got a lock of her hair." "Take care, Margaret. "But, indeed, Elinor, it is Marianne's. When Mrs. Jennings attacked her one evening at the park, to give the name of the young man who was Elinor's particular favourite, which had been long a matter of great curiosity to her, Margaret answered by looking at her sister, and saying, "I must not tell, may I, Elinor?" "What is the gentleman's name?" A party was formed this evening for going on the following day to see a very fine place about twelve miles from Barton, belonging to a brother-in-law of Colonel Brandon, without whose interest it could not be seen, as the proprietor, who was then abroad, had left strict orders on that head. Their intended excursion to Whitwell turned out very different from what Elinor had expected. cried Mrs. Jennings. He shook his head. You cannot go to town till tomorrow, Brandon, that is all." Colonel Brandon again repeated his sorrow at being the cause of disappointing the party; but at the same time declared it to be unavoidable. he must and shall come back," cried Sir John. Colonel Brandon's horses were announced. asked Marianne. Then, lowering her voice a little, she said to Elinor, "She is his natural daughter." They both seemed delighted with their drive; but said only in general terms that they had kept in the lanes, while the others went on the downs. Willoughby took his usual place between the two elder Miss Dashwoods. "Yes, Marianne, but I would not go while Mrs. Smith was there, and with no other companion than Mr. Willoughby." I would lay any wager it is about Miss Williams. His setting off in such a hurry seems very like it. It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject, which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all. THAT I will never consent to. "Shall we see you tomorrow to dinner?" said Mrs. Dashwood, when he was leaving them. Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. Mrs. Dashwood first spoke. I am persuaded that Mrs. Smith suspects his regard for Marianne, disapproves of it, (perhaps because she has other views for him,) and on that account is eager to get him away;--and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him. Willoughby may undoubtedly have very sufficient reasons for his conduct, and I will hope that he has. my dear child, do you accuse Willoughby and Marianne of concealment? My Elinor, is it possible to doubt their engagement? "No, I cannot think that. "You speak very properly.
"Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby? It would be the natural result of your affection for her. "No--nor many weeks." One morning, about a week after his leaving the country, Marianne was prevailed on to join her sisters in their usual walk, instead of wandering away by herself. In a few minutes they could distinguish him to be a gentleman; and in a moment afterwards Marianne rapturously exclaimed,  "It is he; it is indeed;--I know it is!" "He has, he has," cried Marianne, "I am sure he has. He dismounted, and giving his horse to his servant, walked back with them to Barton, whither he was purposely coming to visit them. To Marianne, indeed, the meeting between Edward and her sister was but a continuation of that unaccountable coldness which she had often observed at Norland in their mutual behaviour. After a short silence which succeeded the first surprise and enquiries of meeting, Marianne asked Edward if he came directly from London. "A fortnight!" cried Marianne. Now there is no one to regard them. But SOMETIMES they are." Indeed a man could not very well be in love with either of her daughters, without extending the passion to her; and Elinor had the satisfaction of seeing him soon become more like himself. "No. "Strange that it would!" "What have wealth or grandeur to do with happiness?" "Grandeur has but little," said Elinor, "but wealth has much to do with it." "Elinor, for shame!" Elinor laughed. "I wish," said Margaret, striking out a novel thought, "that somebody would give us all a large fortune apiece!" "Oh that they would!" Should not you, Marianne? "You have not been able to bring your sister over to your plan of general civility," said Edward to Elinor. Edward started--"Reserved! "I suspect," said Elinor, "that to avoid one kind of affectation, Edward here falls into another. He is fastidious and will have an affectation of his own." Marianne looked with amazement at Edward, with compassion at her sister. "Is that Fanny's hair? "A dance!" "And who is Willoughby?" Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time. Elinor placed all that was astonishing in this way of acting to his mother's account; and it was happy for her that he had a mother whose character was so imperfectly known to her, as to be the general excuse for every thing strange on the part of her son. From a reverie of this kind, as she sat at her drawing-table, she was roused one morning, soon after Edward's leaving them, by the arrival of company. Amongst them were Sir John and Lady Middleton and Mrs. Jennings, but there were two others, a gentleman and lady, who were quite unknown to her. It is only the Palmers. How does Mrs. Dashwood do? "She expects to be confined in February," continued Mrs. Jennings. Mr. Palmer looked up on her entering the room, stared at her some minutes, and then returned to his newspaper. Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park.
"Oh, my love," cried Mrs. Palmer to her husband, who just then entered the room--"you must help me to persuade the Miss Dashwoods to go to town this winter." Sir John is as stupid as the weather." "Much nearer thirty," said her husband. When they were seated in the dining room, Sir John observed with regret that they were only eight all together. "Mr. Palmer is so droll!" said she, in a whisper, to Elinor. "Oh, my dear Miss Dashwood," said Mrs. Palmer soon afterwards, "I have got such a favour to ask of you and your sister. Palmer?" Mr. Palmer took no notice of her. This is always the way with him! "My dear Mrs. Palmer!" Colonel Brandon tell you of it! When is it to take place?" said Elinor. She is a monstrous lucky girl to get him, upon my honour; not but that he is much more lucky in getting her, because she is so very handsome and agreeable, that nothing can be good enough for her. "You have been long acquainted with Colonel Brandon, have not you?" "Oh, no; but if mama had not objected to it, I dare say he would have liked it of all things. The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other. Sir John's confidence in his own judgment rose with this animated praise, and he set off directly for the cottage to tell the Miss Dashwoods of the Miss Steeles' arrival, and to assure them of their being the sweetest girls in the world. Sir John wanted the whole family to walk to the Park directly and look at his guests. The children are all hanging about her already, as if she was an old acquaintance. It suggested no other surprise than that Elinor and Marianne should sit so composedly by, without claiming a share in what was passing. said Lucy Steele. In some surprise at the familiarity of this question, or at least of the manner in which it was spoken, Elinor replied that she was. "But why should you think," said Lucy, looking ashamed of her sister, "that there are not as many genteel young men in Devonshire as Sussex?" And then to turn the discourse, she began admiring the house and the furniture. "Ferrars!" a very agreeable young man to be sure; I know him very well." "You will think my question an odd one, I dare say," said Lucy to her one day, as they were walking together from the park to the cottage--"but pray, are you personally acquainted with your sister-in-law's mother, Mrs. Ferrars?" Elinor DID think the question a very odd one, and her countenance expressed it, as she answered that she had never seen Mrs. Ferrars. Are you acquainted with Mr. Robert Ferrars? Can you be?" What felt Elinor at that moment? --She paused. "We have been engaged these four years." "Your uncle!" Poor Edward! Lucy spoke first. I shall have no fortune, and I fancy she is an exceeding proud woman." repeated Lucy. Elinor saw that it WAS his hand, and she could doubt no longer. I gave him a lock of my hair set in a ring when he was at Longstaple last, and that was some comfort to him, he said, but not equal to a picture.
Was his engagement to Lucy an engagement of the heart? No; whatever it might once have been, she could not believe it such at present. Lucy directly drew her work table near her and reseated herself with an alacrity and cheerfulness which seemed to infer that she could taste no greater delight than in making a filigree basket for a spoilt child. Lady Middleton looked as if she thanked heaven that SHE had never made so rude a speech. "Perhaps," continued Elinor, "if I should happen to cut out, I may be of some use to Miss Lucy Steele, in rolling her papers for her; and there is so much still to be done to the basket, that it must be impossible I think for her labour singly, to finish it this evening. "He has only two thousand pounds of his own; it would be madness to marry upon that, though for my own part, I could give up every prospect of more without a sigh. We must wait, it may be for many years. "If we could be certain that it would be only for a while! But Mrs. Ferrars is a very headstrong proud woman, and in her first fit of anger upon hearing it, would very likely secure every thing to Robert, and the idea of that, for Edward's sake, frightens away all my inclination for hasty measures." Lucy looked at Elinor again, and was silent. asked Elinor. "Shall you be in town this winter, Miss Dashwood?" said she with all her accustomary complacency. To be sure, your brother and sister will ask you to come to them." "How unlucky that is! The visit of the Miss Steeles at Barton Park was lengthened far beyond what the first invitation implied. The reason alleged was their determined resolution of not leaving their mother at that time of the year. It is very hard indeed that she should not have a little pleasure, because Miss Dashwood does not wish it. Mrs. Dashwood smiled, and said nothing. The Middletons were to follow in about a week. Elinor said no more; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was, that, however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair, they must be engaged. and seemed almost ready to throw herself into his arms, when Colonel Brandon appeared. Elinor was disappointed too; but at the same time her regard for Colonel Brandon ensured his welcome with her; and she felt particularly hurt that a man so partial to her sister should perceive that she experienced nothing but grief and disappointment in seeing him. Mrs. Jennings soon came in. After her entrance, Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before, and Mrs. Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long. she replied. "That is true," cried Marianne, in a cheerful voice, and walking to the window as she spoke, to examine the day. This weather will keep many sportsmen in the country." "How much they must enjoy it! "At any rate," said Elinor, wishing to prevent Mrs. Jennings from seeing her sister's thoughts as clearly as she did, "I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week." About a week after their arrival, it became certain that Willoughby was also arrived. His card was on the table when they came in from the morning's drive. cried Marianne, "he has been here while we were out." But Marianne seemed hardly to hear her, and on Mrs. Jennings's entrance, escaped with the precious card. But Marianne, not convinced, took it instantly up. "It is indeed for Mrs. Jennings; how provoking!" After a short pause. It was from Lady Middleton, announcing their arrival in Conduit Street the night before, and requesting the company of her mother and cousins the following evening. He looked at them slightly, without seeming to know who they were, and merely nodded to Mrs. Jennings from the other side of the room. replied Elinor. And thus ended their discourse. "Invited!" cried Marianne. Marianne said no more, but looked exceedingly hurt. Her letter was scarcely finished, when a rap foretold a visitor, and Colonel Brandon was announced. He tried to smile as he replied, "your sister's engagement to Mr. Willoughby is very generally known." "How can that be? She acknowledged, therefore, that though she had never been informed by themselves of the terms on which they stood with each other, of their mutual affection she had no doubt, and of their correspondence she was not astonished to hear.
When they had paid their tribute of politeness by curtsying to the lady of the house, they were permitted to mingle in the crowd, and take their share of the heat and inconvenience, to which their arrival must necessarily add. She soon caught his eye, and he immediately bowed, but without attempting to speak to her, or to approach Marianne, though he could not but see her; and then continued his discourse with the same lady. why cannot I speak to him?" Have you not received my letters? "But have you not received my notes?" cried Marianne in the wildest anxiety. This is not the place for explanations. In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase, and telling Marianne that he was gone, urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening, as a fresh argument for her to be calm. She instantly begged her sister would entreat Lady Middleton to take them home, as she was too miserable to stay a minute longer. At breakfast she neither ate, nor attempted to eat any thing; and Elinor's attention was then all employed, not in urging her, not in pitying her, nor in appearing to regard her, but in endeavouring to engage Mrs. Jennings's notice entirely to herself. That good lady, however, saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby, which appeared to her a very good joke, and which she treated accordingly, by hoping, with a laugh, that she would find it to her liking. no friends? "Engagement!" "No engagement!" For the present, adieu. But could it be so? Elinor, nothing can. "To-morrow, Marianne!" "It would be impossible to go to-morrow. The pity of such a woman as Lady Middleton! Oh, what would HE say to that!" she looks very bad.-- No wonder. But there is one comfort, my dear Miss Marianne; he is not the only young man in the world worth having; and with your pretty face you will never want admirers. Elinor even advised her against it. And the dried cherries too! But the family are all rich together. Is there nothing one can get to comfort her? how concerned Sir John and my daughters will be when they hear it! After a short silence on both sides, Mrs. Jennings, with all her natural hilarity, burst forth again. He will have her at last; aye, that he will. It will be all to one a better match for your sister. Colonel Brandon came in while the party were at tea, and by his manner of looking round the room for Marianne, Elinor immediately fancied that he neither expected nor wished to see her there, and, in short, that he was already aware of what occasioned her absence. "You mean," answered Elinor, with forced calmness, "Mr. Willoughby's marriage with Miss Grey. Mr. Willoughby is unfathomable! said Colonel Brandon, "there is, indeed! All that she wants is gossip, and she only likes me now because I supply it." Marianne heard enough. cried Elinor. Marianne moved to the window--  "It is Colonel Brandon!" "He will not come in, as Mrs. Jennings is from home." "A man who has nothing to do with his own time has no conscience in his intrusion on that of others." He stopt a moment for recollection, and then, with another sigh, went on. She was married--married against her inclination to my brother. Her fortune was large, and our family estate much encumbered. My brother did not deserve her; he did not even love her. Again he stopped to recover himself; and Elinor spoke her feelings in an exclamation of tender concern, at the fate of his unfortunate friend. But last February, almost a twelvemonth back, she suddenly disappeared. exclaimed Elinor. "Is she still in town?" "No; as soon as she recovered from her lying-in, for I found her near her delivery, I removed her and her child into the country, and there she remains." She felt the loss of Willoughby's character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams, the misery of that poor girl, and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself, preyed altogether so much on her spirits, that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor; and, brooding over her sorrows in silence, gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them. She had yet another reason for wishing her children to remain where they were; a letter from her son-in-law had told her that he and his wife were to be in town before the middle of February, and she judged it right that they should sometimes see their brother. Marianne, though without knowing it herself, reaped all its advantage; for neither Mrs. Jennings, nor Sir John, nor even Mrs. Palmer herself, ever spoke of him before her. He wished him at the devil with all his heart. Colonel Brandon's delicate, unobtrusive enquiries were never unwelcome to Miss Dashwood. Early in February, within a fortnight from the receipt of Willoughby's letter, Elinor had the painful office of informing her sister that he was married. "Well, my dear," said Mrs. Jennings, "and how did you travel?" interposed Mrs. Jennings. "Why, their visit is but just begun!"
On ascending the stairs, the Miss Dashwoods found so many people before them in the room, that there was not a person at liberty to tend to their orders; and they were obliged to wait. At last the affair was decided. Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days. But tomorrow I think I shall certainly be able to call in Berkeley Street, and be introduced to your friend Mrs. Jennings. Elinor did feel a little ashamed of her brother; and was not sorry to be spared the necessity of answering him, by the arrival of Mrs. Jennings's servant, who came to tell her that his mistress waited for them at the door. "Who is Colonel Brandon? Is he a man of fortune?" What is the amount of his fortune?" It is a match that must give universal satisfaction. "Is Mr. Edward Ferrars," said Elinor, with resolution, "going to be married?" He has a most excellent mother. "Why, I hope not that. Elinor could only smile. At her time of life, any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever! She will be mistaken, however. And Mrs. Jennings too, an exceedingly well-behaved woman, though not so elegant as her daughter. Mrs. John Dashwood had so much confidence in her husband's judgment, that she waited the very next day both on Mrs. Jennings and her daughter; and her confidence was rewarded by finding even the former, even the woman with whom her sisters were staying, by no means unworthy her notice; and as for Lady Middleton, she found her one of the most charming women in the world! Lucy came very shortly to claim Elinor's compassion on being unable to see Edward, though he had arrived in town with Mr. and Mrs. Dashwood. Elinor was pleased that he had called; and still more pleased that she had missed him. Their sisters and Mrs. Jennings were invited likewise, and John Dashwood was careful to secure Colonel Brandon, who, always glad to be where the Miss Dashwoods were, received his eager civilities with some surprise, but much more pleasure. They were to meet Mrs. Ferrars; but Elinor could not learn whether her sons were to be of the party. The interest with which she thus anticipated the party, was soon afterwards increased, more powerfully than pleasantly, by her hearing that the Miss Steeles were also to be at it. When the ladies withdrew to the drawing-room after dinner, this poverty was particularly evident, for the gentlemen HAD supplied the discourse with some variety--the variety of politics, inclosing land, and breaking horses--but then it was all over; and one subject only engaged the ladies till coffee came in, which was the comparative heights of Harry Dashwood, and Lady Middleton's second son William, who were nearly of the same age. Before her removing from Norland, Elinor had painted a very pretty pair of screens for her sister-in-law, which being now just mounted and brought home, ornamented her present drawing room; and these screens, catching the eye of John Dashwood on his following the other gentlemen into the room, were officiously handed by him to Colonel Brandon for his admiration. "Poor Marianne!" The chance proved a lucky one, for a message from Mrs. Palmer soon after she arrived, carried Mrs. Jennings away. Mrs. Ferrars is a charming woman, and so is your sister. Lucy continued. When that was once done, however, it was time for the raptures of Edward to cease; for Marianne's joy hurried her into the drawing-room immediately. "Dear Edward!" Elinor is well, you see. That must be enough for us both." "Do you like London?" "Not at all. "Going so soon!" Marianne looked at her steadily, and said, "You know, Elinor, that this is a kind of talking which I cannot bear. She then left the room; and Elinor dared not follow her to say more, for bound as she was by her promise of secrecy to Lucy, she could give no information that would convince Marianne; and painful as the consequences of her still continuing in an error might be, she was obliged to submit to it. was safely delivered of a son and heir; a very interesting and satisfactory paragraph, at least to all those intimate connections who knew it before. It checked the idleness of one, and the business of the other. She perceived him soon afterwards looking at herself, and speaking familiarly to her brother; and had just determined to find out his name from the latter, when they both came towards her, and Mr. Dashwood introduced him to her as Mr. Robert Ferrars. And that I fancy, will be the end of it. Fanny was startled at the proposal. But they are Lady Middleton's visitors. The Miss Steeles removed to Harley Street, and all that reached Elinor of their influence there, strengthened her expectation of the event.
have you heard the news?" So I looked at it directly, and, 'Lord! I have no pity for either of them. She could hardly determine what her own expectation of its event really was; though she earnestly tried to drive away the notion of its being possible to end otherwise at last, than in the marriage of Edward and Lucy. has he written to you?" When Lucy first came to Barton Park last November, she told me in confidence of her engagement." Elinor confirmed it. "Four months!" The next morning brought a farther trial of it, in a visit from their brother, who came with a most serious aspect to talk over the dreadful affair, and bring them news of his wife. Poor Fanny! she was in hysterics all yesterday. He came. It has been dignified and liberal. Edward has drawn his own lot, and I fear it will be a bad one." "Well!" said Mrs. Jennings, "that is HER revenge. Poor Edward! Elinor gloried in his integrity; and Marianne forgave all his offences in compassion for his punishment. You see I cannot leave Mrs. "Not at all, I believe, with you." Once Lucy thought to write to him, but then her spirits rose against that. there is nothing in THAT. The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself. The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March, for the Easter holidays; and Mrs. Jennings, with both her friends, received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them. Edward, she believed, was still in town, and fortunately she had heard his address from Miss Steele. "Opportunity!" "Colonel Brandon is so delicate a man, that he rather wished any one to announce his intentions to Mr. Ferrars than himself." He had met Mrs. Jennings at the door in her way to the carriage, as he came to leave his farewell card; and she, after apologising for not returning herself, had obliged him to enter, by saying that Miss Dashwood was above, and wanted to speak with him on very particular business. Elinor told him the number of the house. cried Mrs. Jennings; "Lord! Ferrars!" "It is perfectly true.--Colonel Brandon has given the living of Delaford to Edward." Ferrars." Mrs. Ferrars can never forget that Edward is her son." Elinor was silent. Not that you have any reason to regret, my dear Elinor. Has Colonel Brandon been with you lately?" After a few moments' chat, John Dashwood, recollecting that Fanny was yet uninformed of her sister's being there, quitted the room in quest of her; and Elinor was left to improve her acquaintance with Robert, who, by the gay unconcern, the happy self-complacency of his manner while enjoying so unfair a division of his mother's love and liberality, to the prejudice of his banished brother, earned only by his own dissipated course of life, and that brother's integrity, was confirming her most unfavourable opinion of his head and heart. Poor Edward!
She found him, however, perfectly the gentleman in his behaviour to all his visitors, and only occasionally rude to his wife and her mother; she found him very capable of being a pleasant companion, and only prevented from being so always, by too great an aptitude to fancy himself as much superior to people in general, as he must feel himself to be to Mrs. Jennings and Charlotte. Mrs. Jennings had determined very early in the seizure that Marianne would never get over it, and Colonel Brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to Mrs. Jennings's forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. It is a great way, you know, from hence to Barton." and Marianne, still talking wildly of mama, her alarm increased so rapidly, as to determine her on sending instantly for Mr. Harris, and despatching a messenger to Barton for her mother. The time was now drawing on, when Colonel Brandon might be expected back. The night was cold and stormy. The flaring lamps of a carriage were immediately in view. "Had they told me," he cried with vehemence, "that Mr. Palmer and all his relations were at the devil, it would not have turned me from the door. is it really true?" "At Marlborough!" "Well, sir, and what said Mrs. Willoughby?" Elinor first spoke. He stopped. All that I had to do, was to avoid you both. Tell her of my misery and my penitence--tell her that my heart was never inconstant to her, and if you will, that at this moment she is dearer to me than ever." Elinor made no answer. "Are you going back to town?" He held out his hand. "But she will be gained by some one else. When at last she returned to the unconscious Marianne, she found her just awaking, refreshed by so long and sweet a sleep to the extent of her hopes. Mrs. Dashwood WOULD sit up with her all night; and Elinor, in compliance with her mother's entreaty, went to bed. Colonel Brandon loves Marianne. And I believe Marianne will be the most happy with him of the two." "His character, however," answered Elinor, "does not rest on ONE act of kindness, to which his affection for Marianne, were humanity out of the case, would have prompted him. Marianne might at that moment be dying. But he did not ask for hope or encouragement.
At the end of another day or two, Marianne growing visibly stronger every twelve hours, Mrs. Dashwood, urged equally by her own and her daughter's wishes, began to talk of removing to Barton. To Elinor, the observation of the latter was particularly grateful. After dinner she would try her piano-forte. I compare it with what it ought to have been; I compare it with yours." But the feelings of the past could not be recalled.--Nothing could restore him with a faith unbroken--a character unblemished, to Marianne. His expensiveness is acknowledged even by himself, and his whole conduct declares that self-denial is a word hardly understood by him. It has not made him happy. His circumstances are now unembarrassed--he suffers from no evil of that kind; and he thinks only that he has married a woman of a less amiable temper than yourself. "Who told you that Mr. Ferrars was married, Thomas?" Mrs. Dashwood now looked at her daughter; but Elinor knew better than to expect them. Elinor looked as if she wished to hear more. Colonel Brandon must have some information to give. She looked again. Elinor's lips had moved with her mother's, and, when the moment of action was over, she wished that she had shaken hands with him too. "I meant," said Elinor, taking up some work from the table, "to inquire for Mrs. EDWARD Ferrars." She dared not look up;--but her mother and Marianne both turned their eyes on him. "Mrs. Robert Ferrars!" She almost ran out of the room, and as soon as the door was closed, burst into tears of joy, which at first she thought would never cease. But so little interest had he taken in the matter, that he owed all his knowledge of the house, garden, and glebe, extent of the parish, condition of the land, and rate of the tithes, to Elinor herself, who had heard so much of it from Colonel Brandon, and heard it with so much attention, as to be entirely mistress of the subject. About four days after Edward's arrival Colonel Brandon appeared, to complete Mrs. Dashwood's satisfaction, and to give her the dignity of having, for the first time since her living at Barton, more company with her than her house would hold. He agreed that he might. Mrs. Jennings's prophecies, though rather jumbled together, were chiefly fulfilled; for she was able to visit Edward and his wife in their Parsonage by Michaelmas, and she found in Elinor and her husband, as she really believed, one of the happiest couples in the world. They had in fact nothing to wish for, but the marriage of Colonel Brandon and Marianne, and rather better pasturage for their cows. They settled in town, received very liberal assistance from Mrs. Ferrars, were on the best terms imaginable with the Dashwoods; and setting aside the jealousies and ill-will continually subsisting between Fanny and Lucy, in which their husbands of course took a part, as well as the frequent domestic disagreements between Robert and Lucy themselves, nothing could exceed the harmony in which they all lived together.
But her death, which happened ten years before his own, produced a great alteration in his home; for to supply her loss, he invited and received into his house the family of his nephew Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inheritor of the Norland estate, and the person to whom he intended to bequeath it. His attachment to them all increased. By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr. Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters. Three thousand pounds! Elinor saw, with concern, the excess of her sister's sensibility; but by Mrs. Dashwood it was valued and cherished.
  Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors. As such, however, they were treated by her with quiet civility; and by her husband with as much kindness as he could feel towards anybody beyond himself, his wife, and their child. He really pressed them, with some earnestness, to consider Norland as their home; and, as no plan appeared so eligible to Mrs. Dashwood as remaining there till she could accommodate herself with a house in the neighbourhood, his invitation was accepted. Mrs. John Dashwood did not at all approve of what her husband intended to do for his sisters. To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree. "It is certainly an unpleasant thing," replied Mr. Dashwood, "to have those kind of yearly drains on one's income. "Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood. "That is a material consideration undoubtedly. "Yes; and the set of breakfast china is twice as handsome as what belongs to this house. But, however, so it is.
But Mrs. Dashwood was alike uninfluenced by either consideration. It was enough for her that he appeared to be amiable, that he loved her daughter, and that Elinor returned the partiality. replied her mother with a smile. Mrs. Dashwood now took pains to get acquainted with him. Her manners were attaching, and soon banished his reserve. "In a few months, my dear Marianne." But yet--he is not the kind of young man--there is something wanting--his figure is not striking; it has none of that grace which I should expect in the man who could seriously attach my sister. He admires as a lover, not as a connoisseur.
I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable." Marianne was rejoiced to find her sister so easily pleased. His abilities in every respect improve as much upon acquaintance as his manners and person. He is very far from being independent. "And you really are not engaged to him!" But two advantages will proceed from this delay. She could not consider her partiality for Edward in so prosperous a state as Marianne had believed it. A more reasonable cause might be found in the dependent situation which forbade the indulgence of his affection. On THAT head, therefore, it was not for her to oppose her mother's intention of removing into Devonshire.
  No sooner was her answer dispatched, than Mrs. Dashwood indulged herself in the pleasure of announcing to her son-in-law and his wife that she was provided with a house, and should incommode them no longer than till every thing were ready for her inhabiting it. Mrs. Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth; it was ready furnished, and she might have immediate possession. For the comfort of her children, had she consulted only her own wishes, she would have kept it; but the discretion of Elinor prevailed. In a very few weeks from the day which brought Sir John Middleton's first letter to Norland, every thing was so far settled in their future abode as to enable Mrs. Dashwood and her daughters to begin their journey.
But as they drew towards the end of it, their interest in the appearance of a country which they were to inhabit overcame their dejection, and a view of Barton Valley as they entered it gave them cheerfulness. It was a pleasant fertile spot, well wooded, and rich in pasture. After winding along it for more than a mile, they reached their own house. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. Lady Middleton was not more than six or seven and twenty; her face was handsome, her figure tall and striking, and her address graceful. An opportunity was soon to be given to the Dashwoods of debating on the rest of the children, as Sir John would not leave the house without securing their promise of dining at the park the next day.
  Barton Park was about half a mile from the cottage. The ladies had passed near it in their way along the valley, but it was screened from their view at home by the projection of a hill. Sir John was a sportsman, Lady Middleton a mother. He hunted and shot, and she humoured her children; and these were their only resources. Sir John was loud in his admiration at the end of every song, and as loud in his conversation with the others while every song lasted.
She was perfectly convinced of it. Mrs. Jennings had been anxious to see Colonel Brandon well married, ever since her connection with Sir John first brought him to her knowledge; and she was always anxious to get a good husband for every pretty girl. At the park she laughed at the colonel, and in the cottage at Marianne. "Had you any idea of his coming so soon?" And Elinor, in quitting Norland and Edward, cried not as I did. Even now her self-command is invariable. When is she dejected or melancholy?
But this he declined, as he was dirty and wet. But she had seen enough of him to join in all the admiration of the others, and with an energy which always adorned her praise. "And what sort of a young man is he?" cried Marianne, indignantly. What his pursuits, his talents, and genius?" Was she out with him today?" But Marianne could no more satisfy him as to the colour of Mr. Willoughby's pointer, than he could describe to her the shades of his mind. said Elinor. Brandon will be jealous, if she does not take care." Poor Brandon!
--  "Elinor," cried Marianne, "is this fair? is this just? Elinor was obliged, though unwillingly, to believe that the sentiments which Mrs. Jennings had assigned him for her own satisfaction, were now actually excited by her sister; and that however a general resemblance of disposition between the parties might forward the affection of Mr. Willoughby, an equally striking opposition of character was no hindrance to the regard of Colonel Brandon. and as she could not even wish him successful, she heartily wished him indifferent. She liked him--in spite of his gravity and reserve, she beheld in him an object of interest. "But perhaps the abuse of such people as yourself and Marianne will make amends for the regard of Lady Middleton and her mother.
The private balls at the park then began; and parties on the water were made and accomplished as often as a showery October would allow. Willoughby thought the same; and their behaviour at all times, was an illustration of their opinions. This was the season of happiness to Marianne. Neither Lady Middleton nor Mrs. Jennings could supply to her the conversation she missed; although the latter was an everlasting talker, and from the first had regarded her with a kindness which ensured her a large share of her discourse. Willoughby was out of the question. Colonel Brandon, unfortunately for himself, had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne, and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister.
"You are mistaken, Elinor," said she warmly, "in supposing I know very little of Willoughby. She knew her sister's temper. Opposition on so tender a subject would only attach her the more to her own opinion. "Oh, Elinor!" she cried, "I have such a secret to tell you about Marianne. "What is the gentleman's name?" He is of no profession at all." The idea however started by her, was immediately pursued by Colonel Brandon, who was on every occasion mindful of the feelings of others; and much was said on the subject of rain by both of them.
said Mrs. Jennings, without attending to her daughter's reproof. And I hope she is well." "In town!" Brandon is one of them. "And who is Miss Williams?" asked Marianne. Then, lowering her voice a little, she said to Elinor, "She is his natural daughter." Marianne turned away in great confusion. Willoughby." "If the impertinent remarks of Mrs. Jennings are to be the proof of impropriety in conduct, we are all offending every moment of our lives.
So wondered, so talked Mrs. Jennings. Why they should not openly acknowledge to her mother and herself, what their constant behaviour to each other declared to have taken place, Elinor could not imagine. "Thank you, Willoughby. The promise was readily given, and Willoughby's behaviour during the whole of the evening declared at once his affection and happiness. said Mrs. Dashwood, when he was leaving them.
Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. He is, moreover, aware that she DOES disapprove the connection, he dares not therefore at present confess to her his engagement with Marianne, and he feels himself obliged, from his dependent situation, to give into her schemes, and absent himself from Devonshire for a while. "Not entirely. my dear child, do you accuse Willoughby and Marianne of concealment? But why? Has there been any inconsistency on his side to create alarm?
Mrs. Dashwood was sorry for what she had said; but it gave Elinor pleasure, as it produced a reply from Marianne so expressive of confidence in Willoughby and knowledge of his intentions. The person is not tall enough for him, and has not his air." He dismounted, and giving his horse to his servant, walked back with them to Barton, whither he was purposely coming to visit them. cried Marianne. Now there is no one to regard them.
They had begun to fail him before he entered the house, and they were quite overcome by the captivating manners of Mrs. Dashwood. He was not in spirits, however; he praised their house, admired its prospect, was attentive, and kind; but still he was not in spirits. Every body does not hunt." replied he, with a sigh. "No, Marianne, never. "But you would still be reserved," said Marianne, "and that is worse." Edward started--"Reserved!
  Elinor saw, with great uneasiness the low spirits of her friend. He is fastidious and will have an affectation of his own." "Is that Fanny's hair? He was particularly grave the whole morning. cried Marianne. "And who is Willoughby?" said he, in a low voice, to Miss Dashwood, by whom he was sitting. She gave him a brief reply.
  Edward remained a week at the cottage; he was earnestly pressed by Mrs. Dashwood to stay longer; but, as if he were bent only on self-mortification, he seemed resolved to be gone when his enjoyment among his friends was at the height. He valued their kindness beyond any thing, and his greatest happiness was in being with them. "Come, come; this is all an effusion of immediate want of spirits, Edward. "Where is Marianne? I see her instrument is open." And where are your sisters? "Mr. Palmer does not hear me," said she, laughing; "he never does sometimes.
  As the Miss Dashwoods entered the drawing-room of the park the next day, at one door, Mrs. Palmer came running in at the other, looking as good humoured and merry as before. She took them all most affectionately by the hand, and expressed great delight in seeing them again. "Much nearer thirty," said her husband. said she, in a whisper, to Elinor. "And what did the Colonel say?" Had he never owned his affection to yourself?"
Sir John wanted the whole family to walk to the Park directly and look at his guests. The children are all hanging about her already, as if she was an old acquaintance. It suggested no other surprise than that Elinor and Marianne should sit so composedly by, without claiming a share in what was passing. And then to turn the discourse, she began admiring the house and the furniture.
--She paused. Fortunately for her, they had now reached the cottage, and the conversation could be continued no farther. After sitting with them a few minutes, the Miss Steeles returned to the Park, and Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched.
Was his engagement to Lucy an engagement of the heart? She could not be deceived in that. Much as she had suffered from her first conversation with Lucy on the subject, she soon felt an earnest wish of renewing it; and this for more reasons than one. They quitted it only with the removal of the tea-things. Lady Middleton proposed a rubber of Casino to the others. And without farther ceremony, she turned away and walked to the instrument.
Lucy went on. Elinor blushed in spite of herself. "But Mrs. John Dashwood would not much approve of Edward's going into orders." At length Lucy exclaimed with a deep sigh,  "I believe it would be the wisest way to put an end to the business at once by dissolving the engagement. Elinor thought it wisest to make no answer to this, lest they might provoke each other to an unsuitable increase of ease and unreserve; and was even partly determined never to mention the subject again. The visit of the Miss Steeles at Barton Park was lengthened far beyond what the first invitation implied.
What formidable obstacle is she now to bring forward? Do let me hear a word about the expense of it." With regard to herself, it was now a matter of unconcern whether she went to town or not, and when she saw her mother so thoroughly pleased with the plan, and her sister exhilarated by it in look, voice, and manner, restored to all her usual animation, and elevated to more than her usual gaiety, she could not be dissatisfied with the cause, and would hardly allow herself to distrust the consequence. The Miss Steeles kept their station at the park, and were to quit it only with the rest of the family.
They were three days on their journey, and Marianne's behaviour as they travelled was a happy specimen of what future complaisance and companionableness to Mrs. Jennings might be expected to be. In a few moments Marianne did the same. "I am NOT going to write to my mother," replied Marianne, hastily, and as if wishing to avoid any farther inquiry. Elinor was disappointed too; but at the same time her regard for Colonel Brandon ensured his welcome with her; and she felt particularly hurt that a man so partial to her sister should perceive that she experienced nothing but grief and disappointment in seeing him. Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits and happy looks. She was answered in the negative. Mrs. Palmer and two elderly ladies of Mrs. Jennings's intimate acquaintance, whom she had met and invited in the morning, dined with them. The former left them soon after tea to fulfill her evening engagements; and Elinor was obliged to assist in making a whist table for the others.
"It is charming weather for THEM indeed," she continued, as she sat down to the breakfast table with a happy countenance. "And now," silently conjectured Elinor, "she will write to Combe by this day's post." And Marianne was in spirits; happy in the mildness of the weather, and still happier in her expectation of a frost. Colonel Brandon, who had a general invitation to the house, was with them almost every day; he came to look at Marianne and talk to Elinor, who often derived more satisfaction from conversing with him than from any other daily occurrence, but who saw at the same time with much concern his continued regard for her sister. "It is indeed for Mrs. Jennings; how provoking!" "You are expecting a letter, then?" After a short pause. It was from Lady Middleton, announcing their arrival in Conduit Street the night before, and requesting the company of her mother and cousins the following evening. replied Elinor. Is it impossible to-?
  Nothing occurred during the next three or four days, to make Elinor regret what she had done, in applying to her mother; for Willoughby neither came nor wrote. Elinor turned involuntarily to Marianne, to see whether it could be unobserved by her. she exclaimed, "he is there--he is there--Oh! Willoughby, what is the meaning of this? Elinor watched his countenance and saw its expression becoming more tranquil. After a moment's pause, he spoke with calmness. cried Marianne in the wildest anxiety. Marianne was in a silent agony, too much oppressed even for tears; but as Mrs. Jennings was luckily not come home, they could go directly to their own room, where hartshorn restored her a little to herself. She was soon undressed and in bed, and as she seemed desirous of being alone, her sister then left her, and while she waited the return of Mrs. Jennings, had leisure enough for thinking over the past.
Elinor paid her every quiet and unobtrusive attention in her power; and she would have tried to sooth and tranquilize her still more, had not Marianne entreated her, with all the eagerness of the most nervous irritability, not to speak to her for the world. That good lady, however, saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby, which appeared to her a very good joke, and which she treated accordingly, by hoping, with a laugh, that she would find it to her liking. "No, he is not so unworthy as you believe him. The morning that we parted too! 'The lock of hair, (repeating it from the letter,) which you so obligingly bestowed on me'--That is unpardonable. "To-morrow, Marianne!" "It would be impossible to go to-morrow. Elinor advised her to lie down again, and for a moment she did so; but no attitude could give her ease; and in restless pain of mind and body she moved from one posture to another, till growing more and more hysterical, her sister could with difficulty keep her on the bed at all, and for some time was fearful of being constrained to call for assistance.
--said she in a voice of great compassion to Marianne, who turned away her face without attempting to answer. Marianne, to the surprise of her sister, determined on dining with them. Elinor even advised her against it. With a hasty exclamation of Misery, and a sign to her sister not to follow her, she directly got up and hurried out of the room. dashing about with his curricle and hunters! Don't pretend to defend him. "You had better leave me," was all the notice that her sister received from her. Whenever he had a touch of his old colicky gout, he said it did him more good than any thing else in the world. "Dear Ma'am," replied Elinor, smiling at the difference of the complaints for which it was recommended, "how good you are! Mrs. Jennings was not struck by the same thought; for soon after his entrance, she walked across the room to the tea-table where Elinor presided, and whispered-- "The Colonel looks as grave as ever you see. "Marianne is not well," said she. "She has been indisposed all day, and we have persuaded her to go to bed."
  From a night of more sleep than she had expected, Marianne awoke the next morning to the same consciousness of misery in which she had closed her eyes. Sometimes she could believe Willoughby to be as unfortunate and as innocent as herself, and at others, lost every consolation in the impossibility of acquitting him. In one moment her imagination placed before her a letter from Willoughby, full of tenderness and contrition, explanatory of all that had passed, satisfactory, convincing; and instantly followed by Willoughby himself, rushing eagerly into the room to inforce, at her feet, by the eloquence of his eyes, the assurances of his letter. Willoughby filled every page. cried Elinor. Marianne moved to the window--  "It is Colonel Brandon!" She was married--married against her inclination to my brother. My brother did not deserve her; he did not even love her. Elinor, affected by his relation, and still more by his distress, could not speak. I had allowed her, (imprudently, as it has since turned out,) at her earnest desire, to go to Bath with one of her young friends, who was attending her father there for his health. exclaimed Elinor. Have you," she continued, after a short silence, "ever seen Mr. Willoughby since you left him at Barton?"
Elinor wished that the same forbearance could have extended towards herself, but that was impossible, and she was obliged to listen day after day to the indignation of them all. Such a scoundrel of a fellow! and this was the end of it!" Mrs. Palmer, in her way, was equally angry. Early in February, within a fortnight from the receipt of Willoughby's letter, Elinor had the painful office of informing her sister that he was married. About this time the two Miss Steeles, lately arrived at their cousin's house in Bartlett's Buildings, Holburn, presented themselves again before their more grand relations in Conduit and Berkeley Streets; and were welcomed by them all with great cordiality. interposed Mrs. Jennings.
Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days. And the Middletons too, you must introduce me to THEM. "Who is Colonel Brandon? "I believe about two thousand a year." The lady is the Hon. A man must pay for his convenience; and it HAS cost me a vast deal of money." But, my dear Elinor, what is the matter with Marianne?-- she looks very unwell, has lost her colour, and is grown quite thin. At her time of life, any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever! They were lucky enough to find Lady Middleton at home, and Sir John came in before their visit ended.
Twice was his card found on the table, when they returned from their morning's engagements. On Elinor its effect was very different. She was not a woman of many words; for, unlike people in general, she proportioned them to the number of her ideas; and of the few syllables that did escape her, not one fell to the share of Miss Dashwood, whom she eyed with the spirited determination of disliking her at all events. The dinner was a grand one, the servants were numerous, and every thing bespoke the Mistress's inclination for show, and the Master's ability to support it. But SHE does every thing well." "Poor Marianne!"
Mrs. Ferrars is a charming woman, and so is your sister. But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister. Lucy continued. She met him with a hand that would be taken, and a voice that expressed the affection of a sister. "Dear Edward!" Elinor is well, you see. The sight of you, Edward, is the only comfort it has afforded; and thank Heaven! She then left the room; and Elinor dared not follow her to say more, for bound as she was by her promise of secrecy to Lucy, she could give no information that would convince Marianne; and painful as the consequences of her still continuing in an error might be, she was obliged to submit to it.
Though nothing could be more polite than Lady Middleton's behaviour to Elinor and Marianne, she did not really like them at all. She perceived him soon afterwards looking at herself, and speaking familiarly to her brother; and had just determined to find out his name from the latter, when they both came towards her, and Mr. Dashwood introduced him to her as Mr. Robert Ferrars. And that I fancy, will be the end of it. There is not a room in this cottage that will hold ten couple, and where can the supper be?' Lady Elliott was delighted with the thought. They are very well behaved, good kind of girls; and I think the attention is due to them, as their uncle did so very well by Edward.
is Fanny ill?" says I, 'is Mrs. Dashwood ill?' There is no reason on earth why Mr. Edward and Lucy should not marry; for I am sure Mrs. Ferrars may afford to do very well by her son, and though Lucy has next to nothing herself, she knows better than any body how to make the most of every thing; I dare say, if Mrs. Ferrars would only allow him five hundred a-year, she would make as good an appearance with it as any body else would with eight. Edward seemed a second Willoughby; and acknowledging as Elinor did, that she HAD loved him most sincerely, could she feel less than herself! She would not even admit it to have been natural; and Elinor left her to be convinced that it was so, by that which only could convince her, a better knowledge of mankind. Now, I can think and speak of it with little emotion. --  Marianne was quite subdued.--  "Oh! Your exclamation is very natural." Nothing should prevail on him to give up his engagement. I cannot conceive a situation more deplorable. Marianne got up and walked about the room. Poor Edward!
Mrs. Jennings and Elinor were of the number; but Marianne, who knew that the Willoughbys were again in town, and had a constant dread of meeting them, chose rather to stay at home, than venture into so public a place. An intimate acquaintance of Mrs. Jennings joined them soon after they entered the Gardens, and Elinor was not sorry that by her continuing with them, and engaging all Mrs. Jennings's conversation, she was herself left to quiet reflection. Mrs. Jennings immediately whispered to Elinor,  "Get it all out of her, my dear. Is she angry?" And Lady Middleton, is SHE angry?" "How!" The continuance of their engagement, and the means that were able to be taken for promoting its end, was all her communication; and this produced from Mrs. Jennings the following natural remark. The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself.
The Palmers were to remove to Cleveland about the end of March, for the Easter holidays; and Mrs. Jennings, with both her friends, received a very warm invitation from Charlotte to go with them. Mrs. Jennings was so far from being weary of her guests, that she pressed them very earnestly to return with her again from Cleveland. Astonished and shocked at so unlover-like a speech, she was almost ready to cry out, "Lord! Edward, she believed, was still in town, and fortunately she had heard his address from Miss Steele. She could undertake therefore to inform him of it, in the course of the day. His marriage must still be a distant good;--at least, I am afraid it cannot take place very soon.--"  Such was the sentence which, when misunderstood, so justly offended the delicate feelings of Mrs. Jennings; but after this narration of what really passed between Colonel Brandon and Elinor, while they stood at the window, the gratitude expressed by the latter on their parting, may perhaps appear in general, not less reasonably excited, nor less properly worded than if it had arisen from an offer of marriage.
They were interrupted by the servant's coming in to announce the carriage being at the door; and Mrs. Jennings immediately preparing to go, said,--  "Well, my dear, I must be gone before I have had half my talk out. very well," said Mrs. Jennings rather disappointed. Mr. Ferrars is to be the man. Well, so much the better for him. "And so YOU are forced to do it. She is an excellent housemaid, and works very well at her needle. Elinor told him the number of the house. When Mrs. Jennings came home, though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before, and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say, her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession, than by anything else, that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared. "Two or three months!" cried Mrs. Jennings; "Lord!
  Edward, having carried his thanks to Colonel Brandon, proceeded with his happiness to Lucy; and such was the excess of it by the time he reached Bartlett's Buildings, that she was able to assure Mrs. Jennings, who called on her again the next day with her congratulations, that she had never seen him in such spirits before in her life. Marianne, not contented with absolutely refusing to go herself, was very urgent to prevent her sister's going at all; and Mrs. Jennings, though her carriage was always at Elinor's service, so very much disliked Mrs. John Dashwood, that not even her curiosity to see how she looked after the late discovery, nor her strong desire to affront her by taking Edward's part, could overcome her unwillingness to be in her company again. "I am not sorry to see you alone," he replied, "for I have a good deal to say to you. Elinor was silent. "We think NOW,"--said Mr. Dashwood, after a short pause, "of ROBERT'S marrying Miss Morton." Not that you have any reason to regret, my dear Elinor. Elinor repeated the particulars of it, as she had given them to John; and their effect on Robert, though very different, was not less striking than it had been on HIM. Poor Edward! he is ruined for ever.
It amused her to observe that all her friends seemed determined to send her to Delaford;--a place, in which, of all others, she would now least chuse to visit, or wish to reside; for not only was it considered as her future home by her brother and Mrs. Jennings, but even Lucy, when they parted, gave her a pressing invitation to visit her there. For the convenience of Charlotte and her child, they were to be more than two days on their journey, and Mr. Palmer, travelling more expeditiously with Colonel Brandon, was to join them at Cleveland soon after their arrival. He was nice in his eating, uncertain in his hours; fond of his child, though affecting to slight it; and idled away the mornings at billiards, which ought to have been devoted to business.
He came, examined his patient, and though encouraging Miss Dashwood to expect that a very few days would restore her sister to health, yet, by pronouncing her disorder to have a putrid tendency, and allowing the word "infection" to pass his lips, gave instant alarm to Mrs. Palmer, on her baby's account. Mrs. Jennings had determined very early in the seizure that Marianne would never get over it, and Colonel Brandon, who was chiefly of use in listening to Mrs. Jennings's forebodings, was not in a state of mind to resist their influence. Her fears and her difficulties were immediately before him. She thanked him with brief, though fervent gratitude, and while he went to hurry off his servant with a message to Mr. Harris, and an order for post-horses directly, she wrote a few lines to her mother. It was a night of almost equal suffering to both. Elinor felt all the reasonableness of the idea, and it gave fresh misery to her reflections.
"With me!" --cried Elinor, more and more at a loss to understand what he would be at. "Has she?" Elinor bowed her assent. Her affection for me deserved better treatment, and I often, with great self-reproach, recall the tenderness which, for a very short time, had the power of creating any return. Smith?" Willoughby?" He stopped. All that I had to do, was to avoid you both. "But the letter, Mr. Willoughby, your own letter; have you any thing to say about that?" Some vague report had reached her before of my attachment to some young lady in Devonshire, and what had passed within her observation the preceding evening had marked who the young lady was, and made her more jealous than ever. His heart was softened in seeing mine suffer; and so much of his ill-will was done away, that when we parted, he almost shook me by the hand while he reminded me of an old promise about a pointer puppy. The world had made him extravagant and vain--Extravagance and vanity had made him cold-hearted and selfish. He held out his hand. Marianne to be sure is lost to me for ever. And with these words, he almost ran out of the room.
Elinor's heart was full. Mrs. Dashwood WOULD sit up with her all night; and Elinor, in compliance with her mother's entreaty, went to bed. Marianne continued to mend every day, and the brilliant cheerfulness of Mrs. Dashwood's looks and spirits proved her to be, as she repeatedly declared herself, one of the happiest women in the world. Marianne was restored to her from a danger in which, as she now began to feel, her own mistaken judgment in encouraging the unfortunate attachment to Willoughby, had contributed to place her;--and in her recovery she had yet another source of joy unthought of by Elinor. "He opened his whole heart to me yesterday as we travelled. But his coming for me as he did, with such active, such ready friendship, is enough to prove him one of the worthiest of men." "His character, however," answered Elinor, "does not rest on ONE act of kindness, to which his affection for Marianne, were humanity out of the case, would have prompted him.
  Marianne's illness, though weakening in its kind, had not been long enough to make her recovery slow; and with youth, natural strength, and her mother's presence in aid, it proceeded so smoothly as to enable her to remove, within four days after the arrival of the latter, into Mrs. Palmer's dressing-room. To Elinor, the observation of the latter was particularly grateful. Her smile however changed to a sigh when she remembered that promise to Willoughby was yet unfulfilled, and feared she had that to communicate which might again unsettle the mind of Marianne, and ruin at least for a time this fair prospect of busy tranquillity. But the resolution was made only to be broken. "As for regret," said Marianne, "I have done with that, as far as HE is concerned. The kindness, the unceasing kindness of Mrs. Jennings, I had repaid with ungrateful contempt.
  Mrs. Dashwood did not hear unmoved the vindication of her former favourite. Nothing could have done it away to my feelings." "It is very true. "Who told you that Mr. Ferrars was married, Thomas?" "Was Mr. Ferrars in the carriage with her?" "Was there no one else in the carriage?" Mrs. Dashwood now looked at her daughter; but Elinor knew better than to expect them. Elinor looked as if she wished to hear more.
  The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex. The late owner of this estate was a single man, who lived to a very advanced age, and who for many years of his life, had a constant companion and housekeeper in his sister. In the society of his nephew and niece, and their children, the old Gentleman's days were comfortably spent. By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters. By his own marriage, likewise, which happened soon afterwards, he added to his wealth. The old gentleman died: his will was read, and like almost every other will, gave as much disappointment as pleasure. He was neither so unjust, nor so ungrateful, as to leave his estate from his nephew;--but he left it to him on such terms as destroyed half the value of the bequest. He survived his uncle no longer; and ten thousand pounds, including the late legacies, was all that remained for his widow and daughters. No sooner was his father's funeral over, than Mrs. John Dashwood, without sending any notice of her intention to her mother-in-law, arrived with her child and their attendants. Elinor saw, with concern, the excess of her sister's sensibility; but by Mrs. Dashwood it was valued and cherished.
  Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors. Mrs. John Dashwood did not at all approve of what her husband intended to do for his sisters. To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree. "Well, then, LET something be done for them; but THAT something need not be three thousand pounds. Consider," she added, "that when the money is once parted with, it never can return. "To be sure it is; and, indeed, it strikes me that they can want no addition at all. His wife hesitated a little, however, in giving her consent to this plan. I would not bind myself to allow them any thing yearly. "Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood.
But she could hear of no situation that at once answered her notions of comfort and ease, and suited the prudence of her eldest daughter, whose steadier judgment rejected several houses as too large for their income, which her mother would have approved. This circumstance was a growing attachment between her eldest girl and the brother of Mrs. John Dashwood, a gentleman-like and pleasing young man, who was introduced to their acquaintance soon after his sister's establishment at Norland, and who had since spent the greatest part of his time there. Some mothers might have encouraged the intimacy from motives of interest, for Edward Ferrars was the eldest son of a man who had died very rich; and some might have repressed it from motives of prudence, for, except a trifling sum, the whole of his fortune depended on the will of his mother. They wanted him to make a fine figure in the world in some manner or other. "It is enough," said she; "to say that he is unlike Fanny is enough. Mrs. Dashwood now took pains to get acquainted with him. "In a few months, my dear Marianne."
  "What a pity it is, Elinor," said Marianne, "that Edward should have no taste for drawing." I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable." What say you, Marianne?" She felt that Edward stood very high in her opinion. Cold-hearted Elinor! He is very far from being independent. What his mother really is we cannot know; but, from Fanny's occasional mention of her conduct and opinions, we have never been disposed to think her amiable; and I am very much mistaken if Edward is not himself aware that there would be many difficulties in his way, if he were to wish to marry a woman who had not either a great fortune or high rank." "And you really are not engaged to him!" said she. She could not consider her partiality for Edward in so prosperous a state as Marianne had believed it. It was the offer of a small house, on very easy terms, belonging to a relation of her own, a gentleman of consequence and property in Devonshire.
They heard her with surprise. Are you, indeed, going there? So far from hence! And to what part of it?" Mrs. Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth; it was ready furnished, and she might have immediate possession. In a very few weeks from the day which brought Sir John Middleton's first letter to Norland, every thing was so far settled in their future abode as to enable Mrs. Dashwood and her daughters to begin their journey.
"As for the house itself, to be sure," said she, "it is too small for our family, but we will make ourselves tolerably comfortable for the present, as it is too late in the year for improvements. Sir John Middleton was a good looking man about forty. He said much of his earnest desire of their living in the most sociable terms with his family, and pressed them so cordially to dine at Barton Park every day till they were better settled at home, that, though his entreaties were carried to a point of perseverance beyond civility, they could not give offence. Lady Middleton was not more than six or seven and twenty; her face was handsome, her figure tall and striking, and her address graceful. Her manners had all the elegance which her husband's wanted.
The former was for Sir John's gratification, the latter for that of his lady. Sir John was a sportsman, Lady Middleton a mother. Colonel Brandon, the friend of Sir John, seemed no more adapted by resemblance of manner to be his friend, than Lady Middleton was to be his wife, or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton's mother. He was silent and grave. In the evening, as Marianne was discovered to be musical, she was invited to play. Colonel Brandon alone, of all the party, heard her without being in raptures. He paid her only the compliment of attention; and she felt a respect for him on the occasion, which the others had reasonably forfeited by their shameless want of taste.
The immediate advantage to herself was by no means inconsiderable, for it supplied her with endless jokes against them both. At the park she laughed at the colonel, and in the cottage at Marianne. Colonel Brandon is certainly younger than Mrs. Jennings, but he is old enough to be MY father; and if he were ever animated enough to be in love, must have long outlived every sensation of the kind. and is not that the commonest infirmity of declining life?" "Had you any idea of his coming so soon?" said Mrs. Dashwood. And Elinor, in quitting Norland and Edward, cried not as I did. Even now her self-command is invariable.
He put down his gun and ran to her assistance. The gentleman offered his services; and perceiving that her modesty declined what her situation rendered necessary, took her up in his arms without farther delay, and carried her down the hill. Mrs. Dashwood then begged to know to whom she was obliged. "Willoughby!" cried Sir John; "what, is HE in the country? "Know him! "And is that all you can say for him?" "But who is he?" Has he a house at Allenham?" On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence; and he told them that Mr. Willoughby had no property of his own in the country; that he resided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court, to whom he was related, and whose possessions he was to inherit; adding, "Yes, yes, he is very well worth catching I can tell you, Miss Dashwood; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besides; and if I were you, I would not give him up to my younger sister, in spite of all this tumbling down hills. "I do not believe," said Mrs. Dashwood, with a good humoured smile, "that Mr. Willoughby will be incommoded by the attempts of either of MY daughters towards what you call CATCHING him. Poor Brandon!
  Marianne's preserver, as Margaret, with more elegance than precision, styled Willoughby, called at the cottage early the next morning to make his personal enquiries. Marianne was still handsomer. They speedily discovered that their enjoyment of dancing and music was mutual, and that it arose from a general conformity of judgment in all that related to either. --  "Elinor," cried Marianne, "is this fair? He came to them every day. They read, they talked, they sang together; his musical talents were considerable; and he read with all the sensibility and spirit which Edward had unfortunately wanted. Colonel Brandon's partiality for Marianne, which had so early been discovered by his friends, now first became perceptible to Elinor, when it ceased to be noticed by them. "Brandon is just the kind of man," said Willoughby one day, when they were talking of him together, "whom every body speaks well of, and nobody cares about; whom all are delighted to see, and nobody remembers to talk to." Yes, Marianne, even in a man between thirty and forty. "That is to say," cried Marianne contemptuously, "he has told you, that in the East Indies the climate is hot, and the mosquitoes are troublesome." "Add to which," cried Marianne, "that he has neither genius, taste, nor spirit.
This was the season of happiness to Marianne. Willoughby was out of the question. Colonel Brandon, unfortunately for himself, had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne, and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister. His eyes were fixed on Marianne, and, after a silence of some minutes, he said, with a faint smile, "Your sister, I understand, does not approve of second attachments." "No," replied Elinor, "her opinions are all romantic." But how she contrives it without reflecting on the character of her own father, who had himself two wives, I know not. "This will probably be the case," he replied; "and yet there is something so amiable in the prejudices of a young mind, that one is sorry to see them give way to the reception of more general opinions." Her systems have all the unfortunate tendency of setting propriety at nought; and a better acquaintance with the world is what I look forward to as her greatest possible advantage." Elinor attempted no more.
Elinor then ventured to doubt the propriety of her receiving such a present from a man so little, or at least so lately known to her. From that moment she doubted not of their being engaged to each other; and the belief of it created no other surprise than that she, or any of their friends, should be left by tempers so frank, to discover it by accident. "Oh, Elinor!" I am sure they will be married very soon, for he has got a lock of her hair." "But, indeed, Elinor, it is Marianne's. She was convinced that Margaret had fixed on a person whose name she could not bear with composure to become a standing joke with Mrs. Jennings. This increased the mirth of the company, and Margaret was eagerly pressed to say something more. "No, THAT he is not.
"What is the matter with Brandon?" said Sir John. "I hope he has had no bad news," said Lady Middleton. "It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly." It came from town, and is merely a letter of business." said Mrs. Jennings, without attending to her daughter's reproof. cried Mrs. Jennings. But it is not in my power to delay my journey for one day!" Colonel Brandon again repeated his sorrow at being the cause of disappointing the party; but at the same time declared it to be unavoidable. added Sir John. "Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do." "And who is Miss Williams?" asked Marianne. She is a relation of the Colonel's, my dear; a very near relation. Mrs. Jennings sat on Elinor's right hand; and they had not been long seated, before she leant behind her and Willoughby, and said to Marianne, loud enough for them both to hear, "I have found you out in spite of all your tricks. Elinor could hardly believe this to be true, as it seemed very unlikely that Willoughby should propose, or Marianne consent, to enter the house while Mrs. Smith was in it, with whom Marianne had not the smallest acquaintance. "Why should you imagine, Elinor, that we did not go there, or that we did not see the house? Willoughby."
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW, for he is a very prudent man, and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time. May be his sister is worse at Avignon, and has sent for him over. "Thank you, Willoughby. "How often did I wish," added he, "when I was at Allenham this time twelvemonth, that Barton cottage were inhabited! Must it not have been so, Marianne?" Mrs. Dashwood again assured him that no alteration of the kind should be attempted.
On their return from the park they found Willoughby's curricle and servant in waiting at the cottage, and Mrs. Dashwood was convinced that her conjecture had been just. They were no sooner in the passage than Marianne came hastily out of the parlour apparently in violent affliction, with her handkerchief at her eyes; and without noticing them ran up stairs. "Is anything the matter with her?" cried Mrs. Dashwood as she entered--"is she ill?" He coloured as he replied, "You are very kind, but I have no idea of returning into Devonshire immediately. "And is Mrs. Smith your only friend? Is Allenham the only house in the neighbourhood to which you will be welcome? Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise. Mrs. Dashwood first spoke. I am persuaded that Mrs. Smith suspects his regard for Marianne, disapproves of it, (perhaps because she has other views for him,) and on that account is eager to get him away;--and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him. Willoughby may undoubtedly have very sufficient reasons for his conduct, and I will hope that he has. But this is no excuse for their concealing it from us." Has not his behaviour to Marianne and to all of us, for at least the last fortnight, declared that he loved and considered her as his future wife, and that he felt for us the attachment of the nearest relation? My Elinor, is it possible to doubt their engagement? But why? Willoughby certainly does not deserve to be suspected.
She read nothing but what they had been used to read together. Her mother was surprised, and Elinor again became uneasy. But Mrs. Dashwood could find explanations whenever she wanted them, which at least satisfied herself. "Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby? "I would not ask such a question for the world. Amongst the objects in the scene, they soon discovered an animated one; it was a man on horseback riding towards them. --and was hastening to meet him, when Elinor cried out,  "Indeed, Marianne, I think you are mistaken. It is not Willoughby. The person is not tall enough for him, and has not his air." He looked rather distressed as he added, that he had been staying with some friends near Plymouth. said Elinor. cried Marianne. But SOMETIMES they are." Look up to it, and be tranquil if you can.
  Mrs. Dashwood was surprised only for a moment at seeing him; for his coming to Barton was, in her opinion, of all things the most natural. They had begun to fail him before he entered the house, and they were quite overcome by the captivating manners of Mrs. Dashwood. cried Marianne. "What have wealth or grandeur to do with happiness?" "Grandeur has but little," said Elinor, "but wealth has much to do with it." Beyond a competence, it can afford no real satisfaction, as far as mere self is concerned." Elinor laughed. "We are all unanimous in that wish, I suppose," said Elinor, "in spite of the insufficiency of wealth." Marianne looked as if she had no doubt on that point. I thought our judgments were given us merely to be subservient to those of neighbours. "Shyness is only the effect of a sense of inferiority in some way or other. "But you would still be reserved," said Marianne, "and that is worse." Edward started--"Reserved!
  Elinor saw, with great uneasiness the low spirits of her friend. He is fastidious and will have an affectation of his own." "It is very true," said Marianne, "that admiration of landscape scenery is become a mere jargon. I do not like crooked, twisted, blasted trees. She was sitting by Edward, and in taking his tea from Mrs. Dashwood, his hand passed so directly before her, as to make a ring, with a plait of hair in the centre, very conspicuous on one of his fingers. "Is that Fanny's hair? He coloured very deeply, and giving a momentary glance at Elinor, replied, "Yes; it is my sister's hair. Elinor had met his eye, and looked conscious likewise. That the hair was her own, she instantaneously felt as well satisfied as Marianne; the only difference in their conclusions was, that what Marianne considered as a free gift from her sister, Elinor was conscious must have been procured by some theft or contrivance unknown to herself. Before the middle of the day, they were visited by Sir John and Mrs. Jennings, who, having heard of the arrival of a gentleman at the cottage, came to take a survey of the guest. cried Marianne. Who is to dance?"
Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time. But unfortunately my own nicety, and the nicety of my friends, have made me what I am, an idle, helpless being. "The consequence of which, I suppose, will be," said Mrs. Dashwood, "since leisure has not promoted your own happiness, that your sons will be brought up to as many pursuits, employments, professions, and trades as Columella's." Amongst them were Sir John and Lady Middleton and Mrs. Jennings, but there were two others, a gentleman and lady, who were quite unknown to her. "She is walking, I believe." How does Mrs. Dashwood do? Palmer?" said his wife, laughing. He then made his bow, and departed with the rest. Sir John had been very urgent with them all to spend the next day at the park. said Marianne, as soon as they were gone.
  As the Miss Dashwoods entered the drawing-room of the park the next day, at one door, Mrs. Palmer came running in at the other, looking as good humoured and merry as before. "Not go to town!" They thanked her; but were obliged to resist all her entreaties. said she, in a whisper, to Elinor. This is always the way with him! I assure you I heard of it in my way through town."
  The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other. In a morning's excursion to Exeter, they had met with two young ladies, whom Mrs. Jennings had the satisfaction of discovering to be her relations, and this was enough for Sir John to invite them directly to the park, as soon as their present engagements at Exeter were over. Sir John wanted the whole family to walk to the Park directly and look at his guests. Lucy is monstrous pretty, and so good humoured and agreeable! How can you be so cross as not to come? "What a sweet woman Lady Middleton is!" said Lucy Steele. "And had you a great many smart beaux there? The vulgar freedom and folly of the eldest left her no recommendation, and as Elinor was not blinded by the beauty, or the shrewd look of the youngest, to her want of real elegance and artlessness, she left the house without any wish of knowing them better. "Ferrars!" repeated Miss Steele; "Mr. Ferrars is the happy man, is he? a very agreeable young man to be sure; I know him very well." cried Lucy, who generally made an amendment to all her sister's assertions.
Elinor DID think the question a very odd one, and her countenance expressed it, as she answered that she had never seen Mrs. Ferrars. What felt Elinor at that moment? --She paused. Elinor, though greatly shocked, still felt unable to believe it. "Your uncle!" Ferrars." Poor Edward! Lucy spoke first. I shall have no fortune, and I fancy she is an exceeding proud woman." Anne is the only person that knows of it, and she has no judgment at all; indeed, she does me a great deal more harm than good, for I am in constant fear of her betraying me. As she said this, she looked directly at her companion. repeated Lucy. I heard from him just before I left Exeter;" taking a letter from her pocket and carelessly showing the direction to Elinor. Elinor saw that it WAS his hand, and she could doubt no longer. Yes, I have one other comfort in his picture, but poor Edward has not even THAT. I gave him a lock of my hair set in a ring when he was at Longstaple last, and that was some comfort to him, he said, but not equal to a picture.
The waggon was laden with household goods and window plants, and on the apex of the whole sat a woman, young and attractive. About twenty steps still remained between him and the gate, when he heard a dispute. Threepence had a definite value as money--it was an appreciable infringement on a day's wages, and, as such, a higgling matter; but twopence--"Here," he said, stepping forward and handing twopence to the gatekeeper; "let the young woman pass." "But she has her faults," said Gabriel. Such shepherds' huts are dragged into the fields when the lambing season comes on, to shelter the shepherd in his enforced nightly attendance. "One o'clock," said Gabriel. The place contained two women and two cows. "Well, my hat is gone, however," continued the younger. Oak knew her instantly as the heroine of the yellow waggon, myrtles, and looking-glass: prosily, as the woman who owed him twopence. Gabriel Oak returned to his flock. She was the young woman of the night before. Gabriel instantly thought of the hat she had mentioned as having lost in the wind; possibly she had come to look for it. Gabriel took it in his hand and returned to his hut. The boy led away the horse, leaving the pail with the young woman. she said. "Where?" she inquired, a misgiving bringing every muscle of her lineaments and frame to a standstill. A perception caused him to withdraw his own eyes from hers as suddenly as if he had been caught in a theft. With an air between that of Tragedy and Comedy Gabriel returned to his work. The young woman came regularly to milk the healthy cow or to attend to the sick one, but never allowed her vision to stray in the direction of Oak's person. "Whatever is the matter?" "Ah, the hut!" murmured Gabriel. She gave him her hand again. he said. By making inquiries he found that the girl's name was Bathsheba Everdene, and that the cow would go dry in about seven days. All this while he was perplexing himself about an errand on which he might consistently visit the cottage of Bathsheba's aunt. Bathsheba was out. "The lamb isn't really the business I came about, Mrs. Hurst. Hurst." He looked round, and saw a girl racing after him, waving a white handkerchief. "Well--that IS a tale!" said Oak, with dismay. Do, Bathsheba. "Yes; I should like that." Bathsheba decisively turned to him. "Of course he would--I, that is." At this criticism of her statement Bathsheba made an addition to her dignity by a slight sweep away from him. he appealed, creeping round the holly to reach her side. "But why?" Now yours: you are a farmer just beginning; and you ought in common prudence, if you marry at all (which you should certainly not think of doing at present), to marry a woman with money, who would stock a larger farm for you than you have now." he naively said. "No: wise."
Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail. Thus much for the dogs. One night, when Farmer Oak had returned to his house, believing there would be no further necessity for his attendance on the down, he called as usual to the dogs, previously to shutting them up in the outhouse till next morning. Only one responded--old George; the other could not be found, either in the house, lane, or garden. The sheep were not insured. He then went to a ready-made clothes' shop, the owner of which had a large rural connection. Now that Oak had turned himself into a shepherd, it seemed that bailiffs were most in demand. He drew out his flute and began to play "Jockey to the Fair" in the style of a man who had never known moment's sorrow. By making inquiries he learnt that there was another fair at Shottsford the next day. "Ten miles t'other side of Weatherbury." He calculated that he had walked a very fair proportion of the journey; and having been on foot since daybreak, he felt tempted to lie down upon the hay in the waggon instead of pushing on to the village of Weatherbury, and having to pay for a lodging. Something was on fire. As the wind blows the fire inwards, the portion in flames completely disappears like melting sugar, and the outline is lost to the eye. cried Gabriel to those nearest to him. "Yes--he is. "Whose shepherd is he?" "Don't any of the others know?" she said. "He does work hard," said the young woman on horseback, looking up at Gabriel through her thick woollen veil. Don't any of you know his name." She delivered her message. asked Gabriel, kindling with the idea of getting employment that seemed to strike him now. "Then will you tell him to speak to the bailiff," said Bathsheba. The fire before them wasted away. inquired Gabriel. Obliged, to some extent, to forgo dreaming in order to find the way, he reached the churchyard, and passed round it under the wall where several ancient trees grew. "Good-night," said the girl to Gabriel. She seemed to be won by Gabriel's heartiness, as Gabriel had been won by her modulations. "Thank you, indeed," the other replied. Then she was silent and shivered. She extended her hand; Gabriel his. "What is the matter?" "But there is?" "'Twere blush, blush, blush with me every minute of the time, when she was speaking to me." And then I was put errand-man at the Women's Skittle Alley at the back of the Tailor's Arms in Casterbridge. "No, no, no; not that story!" Gabriel broke the silence. As I take it, she's going to keep on the farm. You used to go wi' me sometimes." said Gabriel. Gabriel thought fit to change the subject. How much is that?" "I've been in great trouble, neighbours, and was driven to it. "Stealing it is. "What a night of horrors!" "But she had no young man about here. Bathsheba said. I do hope she has come to no harm through a man of that kind....  And then there's this disgraceful affair of the bailiff--but I can't speak of him now." To think of her was to get good-humoured; to speak of her was to raise the image of a dried Normandy pippin. "There--Mrs. Coggan is going!" Here's Mr. Boldwood wanting to see you, Miss Everdene." William Smallbury is gone to Casterbridge, where her young man lives, as is supposed, and the other men be inquiring about everywhere." "Who is Mr. Boldwood?" "How old is he?" "Mis-terr Bold-wood! "What a pucker everything is in!" Liddy ventured to ask when they were again alone. From this she poured a small heap of coin. The first is that the bailiff is dismissed for thieving, and that I have formed a resolution to have no bailiff at all, but to manage everything with my own head and hands." "The next matter is, have you heard anything of Fanny?" "And what are you?" "Ten and twopence halfpenny is the sum put down to you, I see?" Now the next--Andrew Randle, you are a new man, I hear. Are they satisfactory women?" "Who, mem?" "What woman is that?" Bathsheba asked. "Has William Smallbury returned?" "Oh--he will. asked Bathsheba. She was brought up by a very heathen father and mother, who never sent her to church or school, and it shows how the sins of the parents are visited upon the children, mem." Gabriel was rather staggered by the remarkable coolness of her manner. "And what's the news?" "Come at last, is it?" "Well, what about Fanny?" The Eleventh left last week for Melchester and onwards. And so I said to myself, Fanny's young man was one of the regiment, and she's gone after him. "Well, we are not likely to know more to-night, at any rate," said Bathsheba. (All.) (Liddy.) "Is it Sergeant Troy?" "Fanny!" "Is that the law?" "Yes--yes--it is. Two or three only of the farmers were personally known to Bathsheba, and to these she had made her way. Bathsheba was convinced that this unmoved person was not a married man. "Why, there he is!" she said. "That! The farmer had never turned his head once, but with eyes fixed on the most advanced point along the road, passed as unconsciously and abstractedly as if Bathsheba and her charms were thin air. she remarked. Perhaps, after all, he has!" Oh yes, miss, he has! SORTES SANCTORUM--THE VALENTINE   It was Sunday afternoon in the farmhouse, on the thirteenth of February. Liddy assumed a smaller physiognomy, and shut her lips decisively. "Valentine! "Farmer Boldwood?" "Here's a place for writing," said Bathsheba. "What fun it would be to send it to the stupid old Boldwood, and how he would wonder!" Bathsheba paused to regard the idea at full length. She was far from being seriously concerned about his nonconformity. "Yes--that he is." Bathsheba, a small yawn upon her mouth, took the pen, and with off-hand serenity directed the missive to Boldwood. Liddy looked at the words of the seal, and read--      "MARRY ME."
When Boldwood went to bed he placed the valentine in the corner of the looking-glass. I'll take the letter to him myself." To Boldwood it was now no longer merely a letter to another man. Gabriel, at that minute, descended the hill towards the right. he said. But to think she can carr' on alone!" At the same time, Miss Everdene has a right to be her own baily if she choose--and to keep me down to be a common shepherd only." Boldwood read the letter and looked grieved. "Fanny--poor Fanny! "What sort of a man is this Sergeant Troy?" said Gabriel. Boldwood." But the soldier never moved. Next he noticed her figure, her skirt, and the very soles of her shoes. This was a triumph; and had it come naturally, such a triumph would have been the sweeter to her for this piquing delay. Beyond the first enclosure was a hedge, and on the other side of this a meadow belonging to Bathsheba's farm. At once connecting these signs with the letter Boldwood had shown him, Gabriel suspected her of some coquettish procedure begun by that means, and carried on since, he knew not how. THE SHEEP-WASHING--THE OFFER   Boldwood did eventually call upon her. She was not at home. He had by this time grown used to being in love; the passion now startled him less even when it tortured him more, and he felt himself adequate to the situation. Boldwood came close and bade her good morning, with such constraint that she could not but think he had stepped across to the washing for its own sake, hoping not to find her there; more, she fancied his brow severe and his eye slighting. "I have come to speak to you without preface. O that valentine!" she said to herself, but not a word to him. Boldwood dropped his gaze to the ground, and stood long like a man who did not know where he was. Boldwood as a means to marriage was unexceptionable: she esteemed and liked him, yet she did not want him. She said in the same breath that it would be ungenerous not to marry Boldwood, and that she couldn't do it to save her life. The next day to that of the declaration she found Gabriel Oak at the bottom of her garden, grinding his shears for the sheep-shearing. Bathsheba turned the winch, and Gabriel applied the shears. Gabriel turned. "That will do," exclaimed Bathsheba. she said again. "Well, then, Bathsheba!" "I mean this, that if Mr. Boldwood really spoke of marriage, I bain't going to tell a story and say he didn't to please you. Bathsheba regarded him with round-eyed perplexity. The next thing Gabriel did was to make a mistake. He said nothing. A woman may be treated with a bitterness which is sweet to her, and with a rudeness which is not offensive. she exclaimed. So you'll please leave the farm at the end of the week!" said she, her eyes flashing at his, though never meeting them.
"Who is he? The sheep was dead. She followed her assistants through the gate, and lifted her hand to one of them. He diminished down the hill. Bathsheba watched. Bathsheba continued walking. said Bathsheba. And she smiled on him again. Oak's eyes could not forsake them; and in endeavouring to continue his shearing at the same time that he watched Boldwood's manner, he snipped the sheep in the groin. However, let her marry an she will. said Gabriel. Oak went on with his shearing, and said not another word. Bathsheba had shown indications of anointing him above his fellows by installing him as the bailiff that the farm imperatively required. Far from coquetting with Boldwood, she had trifled with himself in thus feigning that she had trifled with another. Miss Everdene and Boldwood were alone. "But you have every reason to believe that THEN--"  "I have every reason to hope that at the end of the five or six weeks, between this time and harvest, that you say you are going to be away from home, I shall be able to promise to be your wife," she said, firmly. The instantaneous check nearly threw Bathsheba off her balance. "I am a man." She pulled again, and the gathers of her dress began to give way like liliputian musketry. "What, Beauty, and drag you after me? Bathsheba was revolving in her mind whether by a bold and desperate rush she could free herself at the risk of leaving her skirt bodily behind her. Sergeant Troy. Is it true?" Good-night, Liddy." When they want to be praised, which is often, when they want to be mastered, which is sometimes; and when they want no nonsense, which is seldom. "And was ever anything so meanly done as what I did--to skulk away like that from a man who was only civil and kind!" "Treat them fairly, and you are a lost man." A week or two after the shearing, Bathsheba, feeling a nameless relief of spirits on account of Boldwood's absence, approached her hayfields and looked over the hedge towards the haymakers. As soon as she had entered the field Troy saw her, and sticking his pitchfork into the ground and picking up his crop or cane, he came forward. That remark is a sort of digression." And you should take their words for it." She can marry him: he is content, and leads a useful life. "That watch has a history. Now it is yours." Bathsheba followed as he retired. By the time she reached the bottom Troy was there also, and he stooped to pick up the hive. "Will I!" said Troy. would you like to?" said Troy. Bathsheba hesitated. "Not with a walking-stick--I don't care to see that. She shook her head, but with a weakened negation.
Yet go she must. "They are rather deathly. She took up her position as directed, facing Troy. "Is the sword very sharp?" said Troy. she cried. I am only going to kill that caterpillar settling on you. She shuddered. He had kissed her. Perhaps in no minor point does woman astonish her helpmate more than in the strange power she possesses of believing cajoleries that she knows to be false--except, indeed, in that of being utterly sceptical on strictures that she knows to be true. One source of her inadequacy is the novelty of the occasion. Bathsheba had spoken of her interest in Boldwood with the greatest freedom to Liddy, but she had only communed with her own heart concerning Troy. "Oh, is it Gabriel?" He tried another preamble. she returned quickly. I respect him, and he has urged me to marry him. As soon as he returns I shall do so; and the answer will be that I cannot think of marrying him." she asked. "He is not good enough for 'ee." "I cannot see what this has to do with our conversation. And I cannot help begging you, miss, to have nothing to do with him. 'That man of a family that has come to the dogs.' He is very particular, too, about going to church--yes, he is!" He told me so." "Do not remain on this farm any longer. I don't want you--I beg you to go!" I'll go at once if you'll promise that." How would the farm go on with nobody to mind it but a woman? At any rate she murmured something to the effect that he might stay if he wished. She said more distinctly, "Will you leave me alone now? He stood still and allowed her to get far ahead of him till he could only see her form upon the sky. Then she jumped up with a manner of decision, and fetched her desk from a side table. In three minutes, without pause or modification, she had written a letter to Boldwood, at his address beyond Casterbridge, saying mildly but firmly that she had well considered the whole subject he had brought before her and kindly given her time to decide upon; that her final decision was that she could not marry him. But Bathsheba found that she could not wait. A dialogue was going on in the kitchen, and Bathsheba and Troy were the subject of it. "If he marry her, she'll gie up farming." she asked. Maryann and Liddy and Temperance--now I forbid you to suppose such things. "Oh, I love him to very distraction and misery and agony! Solemnly swear to me that he's not a fast man; that it is all lies they say about him!" But, Liddy, he CANNOT BE bad, as is said. "And you don't believe he is?" She freshened and turned to Liddy suddenly. said Bathsheba, dropping from haughtiness to entreaty with capricious inconsequence. sobbed Liddy, impulsively putting up her lips to Bathsheba's, and kissing her. And promise me to keep my secret--do, Liddy! because you seem to swell so tall as a lion then, and it frightens me! she continued with some anxiety. He looked up at the sound of her pit-pat, and his changed appearance sufficiently denoted to her the depth and strength of the feelings paralyzed by her letter. Boldwood?" said Bathsheba. She regained self-possession, fixed her eyes calmly, and waited. "You know what that feeling is," continued Boldwood, deliberately. What do you think I have to say, then? She confusedly said, "Good evening," and was moving on. Boldwood walked up to her heavily and dully. "Indeed it is." Boldwood burst out. Still, she is you--she is you." Bathsheba commanded herself well. I wish you knew what is in me of devotion to you; but it is impossible, that. In her noon-clear sense that she had never loved him she forgot for a moment her thoughtless angle on that day in February. Where is your firm conviction that you would get to care for me very much? Everything is changed, and that by you alone, remember. The swift music of her heart became hubbub now, and she throbbed to extremity. He was coming to Troy. he asked, fiercely. Go and marry your man--go on!" Boldwood!" she said, vehemently. "Deny that he has kissed you." "Ha--then he has!" "He has," she said, slowly, and, in spite of her fear, defiantly. "Then curse him; and curse him!" It is a fortunate thing for him that he's gone back to his regiment--that he's away up the country, and not here! Troy had not returned to his distant barracks as Boldwood and others supposed, but had merely gone to visit some acquaintance in Bath, and had yet a week or more remaining to his furlough. She panted with solicitude when she thought of possible injury to Troy. There she remained long. Her troubled spirit was far away with Troy.
Won't mis'ess storm and call us stupids when she comes back!" "Farmer Boldwood is not at home," said Maryann. "All the better," said Coggan. "Under the eaves. We shall get them in two miles, for a crown." he exclaimed. "Where?" What! "Can ye go on?" Coggan and Gabriel put about their horses, and, fanned by the velvety air of this July night, retraced the road by which they had come. Could she give up this new love--induce him to renounce her by saying she did not like him--could no more speak to him, and beg him, for her good, to end his furlough in Bath, and see her and Weatherbury no more? Such was Bathsheba's scheme. "I wonder who that is?" "Now, Cainy!" said Gabriel. there! "White as a lily? said Gabriel, returning to the group. "And what then?" murmured Gabriel. "I'm coming to that, if you'll leave me alone, Mister Oak!" And how the parson would pray! said Cainy, looking from one to the other with great uneasiness at the spiritual magnitude of the position. Both Bathsheba and the horse seemed weary. He had come to apologize and beg forgiveness of Bathsheba with something like a sense of shame at his violence, having but just now learnt that she had returned--only from a visit to Liddy, as he supposed, the Bath escapade being quite unknown to him. Boldwood augured ill from that sign. said Boldwood to himself, "come to see her again." In ten minutes he was back again, and made as if he were going to call upon Troy at the carrier's. Boldwood, however, hastened up to him. Troy had what appeared to be a carpet-bag in his hand--the same that he had brought with him. "As good as engaged." Marry Fanny. "How will you?" "I'll pay you well now, I'll settle a sum of money upon her, and I'll see that you don't suffer from poverty in the future. "I thought you might accept them," said Boldwood. "By George--'tis she," he continued. "Bathsheba." You shall hear all I say to her. Troy stepped forward. "Frank, dearest, is that you?" said Boldwood. "Yes," said Troy to her. He now started forward towards Troy. "Shall I tell her I have come to give her up and cannot marry her?" said Boldwood, in a hoarse whisper. At the same instant Boldwood sprang upon him, and held him by the neck. Boldwood groaned. "Bathsheba is a woman well to do," continued Boldwood, in nervous anxiety, "and, Troy, she will make a good wife; and, indeed, she is worth your hastening on your marriage with her!" "But why? Boldwood waited. Boldwood then saw that the chain had been fastened across the door. said Boldwood, contemptuously. said Troy. Troy continued--  "Fifty pounds to marry Fanny. Twenty-one pounds not to marry Fanny, but Bathsheba. And another word. Fanny has long ago left me. AT AN UPPER WINDOW   It was very early the next morning--a time of sun and dew. The man was Sergeant Troy. "She has married him!" In a few minutes they moved on again towards the house. "Morning, comrades!" Coggan replied to the greeting. he then said to Gabriel. Gabriel soon decided too that, since the deed was done, to put the best face upon the matter would be the greatest kindness to her he loved. "Why--they MAY not be married!" "Thanks for the compliment," said the sergeant gaily, taking Bathsheba by the hand and leading her to the top of the dance. So the dance began. It has been observed in the musical circles of Weatherbury and its vicinity that this melody, at the end of three-quarters of an hour of thunderous footing, still possesses more stimulative properties for the heel and toe than the majority of other dances at their first opening. Troy says it will not rain," returned the messenger, "and he cannot stop to talk to you about such fidgets." "Friends, it is not only the harvest home that we are celebrating to-night; but this is also a Wedding Feast. Thus Troy and the men on the farm were left sole occupants of the place. It was Nature's second way of hinting to him that he was to prepare for foul weather. He knew now that he was right, and that Troy was wrong. Apparently there was to be a thunder-storm, and afterwards a cold continuous rain. said Gabriel. He went back to the barn to endeavour to obtain assistance for covering the ricks that very night. He saw at once that if the ricks were to be saved that night, or even the next morning, he must save them with his own hands. "Is that you?" "Gabriel! A moment later and there was a smack--smart, clear, and short. Was his life so valuable to him after all? He resolved to stick to the stack. "Is that you, ma'am?" said Gabriel to the darkness. "Who is there?" "Gabriel. Is he with you?" "He is not here." "He promised that the stacks should be seen to, and now they are all neglected! Can I do anything to help? Liddy is afraid to come out. It is not very dark when the lightning has been gone a bit." Bathsheba appeared to think only of the weather--Oak thought only of her just then. "I will go and see." He crossed to the barn, leaving her there alone. She had not spoken since he left the barn. "And others thought so, too?" "I thought so. Troy. But I was coming away, when he suddenly said he had that day seen a woman more beautiful than I, and that his constancy could not be counted on unless I at once became his.... And I was grieved and troubled--"  She cleared her voice, and waited a moment, as if to gather breath. I can finish the rest alone. If the wind does not change the rain is likely to keep off." "And you better!"
"Indeed, then you are mistaken," said Boldwood, shortly. We shall have to leave the farm; that will be the end of it!" Bathsheba was at the full depth for tears, but she maintained a dry eye. The woman said these words to Troy over his shoulder. She uttered an hysterical cry, and fell down. said Troy to the woman, in a strangely gentle, yet hurried voice, as he lifted her up. "Have you any money?" "Good Heaven--I wish I had more to give you! Monday is the first free day I have; and on Monday morning, at ten exactly, meet me on Grey's Bridge just out of the town. "Who is she?" When the woman awoke it was to find herself in the depths of a moonless and starless night. she said. "Meet him the day after to-morrow: God help me! "Two more!" She passed five more. The animal, who was as homeless as she, respectfully withdrew a step or two when the woman moved, and, seeing that she did not repulse him, he licked her hand again. She pointed in the direction of Casterbridge, and the dog seemed to misunderstand: he trotted on. Originally it had been a mere case to hold people. "Where is he gone? He helped me." Thus they entered the house and disappeared. This was the day before the Budmouth races. Troy for the moment made no reply. "What is it for?" Troy hesitated. She reddened. "A woman's curl of hair!" It is the hair of a young woman I was going to marry before I knew you." "Is she married yet?" "Is she alive?" "Why, her hair has been admired by everybody who has seen her since she has worn it loose, which has not been long. "Bathsheba, don't be so fitful and jealous. "And what are the ties?" the independent and spirited Bathsheba is come to this!" When she came in at half-past eight--their usual hour for breakfasting--she was informed that her husband had risen, taken his breakfast, and driven off to Casterbridge with the gig and Poppet. She was took bad in the morning, and, being quite feeble and worn out, she died in the evening. She belongs by law to our parish; and Mr. Boldwood is going to send a waggon at three this afternoon to fetch her home here and bury her." Fanny was my uncle's servant, and, although I only knew her for a couple of days, she belongs to me. "I will, ma'am. said Bathsheba, musing. How long has she lived there?" "Oh!--then she has not been staying there as a regular inmate?" When did she pass Weatherbury?" What was the colour of Fanny Robin's hair?" "Died of what? "I'm sure that all I know is that she arrived in the morning and died in the evening without further parley. In the same regiment as Mr. Troy. He says he knew him very well." "And to speak the truth, 'twas beginning to tell upon me. said Gabriel, indignantly. A man came from the gate and said through the fog, which hung between them like blown flour--  "Is that Poorgrass with the corpse?" Gabriel recognized the voice as that of the parson. "The corpse is here, sir," said Gabriel. I am afraid it is too late now for the funeral to be performed with proper decency. We'll put off the funeral till to-morrow morning. At first Bathsheba assented with a mien of indifference to his proposition that they should go on to the church at once with their burden; but immediately afterwards, following Gabriel to the gate, she swerved to the extreme of solicitousness on Fanny's account, and desired that the girl might be brought into the house. "And I will arrange that the funeral shall take place early to-morrow. He still indecisively lingered beside the body. Gabriel took his handkerchief and carefully rubbed out the two latter words, leaving visible the inscription "FANNY ROBIN" only. I'll sit up for him myself till twelve o'clock, and if he has not arrived by that time, I shall give him up and go to bed too." Liddy then left the parlour and closed the door. "What is it?" It is about Fanny. "And there's only one name written on the coffin-cover." The meeting with the lonely woman on the previous Saturday night had been unwitnessed and unspoken of. Where could she find such a friend? Might she but go to Gabriel Oak!--but that could not be. Oak knew all about Fanny that he wished to know--she felt convinced of that. It seemed better to be out of the house than within it, and Bathsheba closed the door, and walked slowly down the lane till she came opposite to Gabriel's cottage, where he now lived alone, having left Coggan's house through being pinched for room. ... She went to the lumber-closet for a screw-driver. said Bathsheba, to herself more than to him. she continued. "It is." At the sight and sound of that, to her, unendurable act, Bathsheba sprang towards him. "I have to say that I have been a bad, black-hearted man," he answered. "And that this woman is your victim; and I not less than she." He turned to Fanny then. The first time that she definitely noticed her position was when she reached a gate leading into a thicket overhung by some large oak and beech trees. from the hedge. "No; he left just before I came out." "Is Fanny taken away?" She will soon be--at nine o'clock." "Is Fanny gone?" said Bathsheba. Bathsheba glided up the back stairs to a disused attic, and her companion followed. "And that, too." Bathsheba inquired, the next time that Liddy entered the room. Bathsheba asked. TROY'S ROMANTICISM   When Troy's wife had left the house at the previous midnight his first act was to cover the dead from sight. This done he ascended the stairs, and throwing himself down upon the bed dressed as he was, he waited miserably for the morning. With this money, twenty-seven pounds ten in all, he had hastily driven from the gate that morning to keep his appointment with Fanny Robin. He regretted that he had not remained in Casterbridge and made inquiries. Reaching home he quietly unharnessed the horse and came indoors, as we have seen, to the fearful shock that awaited him. It was all the money he possessed. "And how much?" Troy entered Weatherbury churchyard about ten o'clock and went immediately to the corner where he had marked the vacant grave early in the morning. Troy laid these out upon the grass, and with an impassive face set to work to plant them.
Bathsheba did not sleep very heavily that night. Gabriel has been here this morning!" "Has Mr. On the other side of the scene stood Gabriel. He undressed and plunged in. Troy found himself carried to the left and then round in a swoop out to sea. Backing their oars and putting the boat about, they pulled towards him with a will, and in five or six minutes from the time of his first halloo, two of the sailors hauled him in over the stern. Once out of the farm, the approach of poverty would be sure. Hence Bathsheba lived in a perception that her purposes were broken off. Troy. Is that she there?" Her husband is drowned." But not to the ground. "What is it?" A coastguardsman found his clothes, and brought them into Budmouth yesterday." Everybody's glance was now centred upon him and the unconscious Bathsheba. It is not necessary." The sight of the pigs turning in disgust from the rotten ears seemed to arouse Boldwood, and he one evening sent for Oak. How long he might have to wait he had not yet closely considered. This occurred in the middle of the haymaking, and Boldwood contrived to be near Liddy, who was assisting in the fields. "Some of them?" I've been with her all through her troubles, and was with her at the time of Mr. And if she were to marry again I expect I should bide with her." Well, perhaps, as she is absolute mistress again now, it is wise of her to resolve never to give up her freedom." Troy's coming back and claiming her." In little more than six years from this time Bathsheba might certainly marry him. Troy read the articles and joined, but before they sailed a boat was despatched across the bay to Lulwind cove; as he had half expected, his clothes were gone. There was ever present, too, the idea that he could claim a home and its comforts did he but chose to return to England and Weatherbury Farm. He had not expected her to exercise this power over him in the twinkling of an eye. Should he go on, and care nothing? He could not bring himself to do that. "How's that?" Meanwhile Troy had added a few touches to his ordinary make-up for the character, the more effectually to disguise himself, and though he had felt faint qualms on first entering, the metamorphosis effected by judiciously "lining" his face with a wire rendered him safe from the eyes of Bathsheba and her men. At first Troy resolved to take no notice and abide by circumstances. It occurred to him that to find Pennyways, and make a friend of him if possible, would be a very wise act. It was now almost dark, and respectable people were getting their carts and gigs ready to go home. He would be nicknamed "Turpin" as long as he lived. said Farmer Boldwood. He was about to leave his hole of espial, attempt to follow Pennyways, and find out if the ex-bailiff had recognized him, when he was arrested by the conversation, and found he was too late. I'VE SEEN HIM. Bathsheba would not read it; she would not even put out her hand to take it. Troy? He's always doing that." Bathsheba held the note in her right hand. Boldwood handed towards her a plate of cut bread-and-butter; when, in order to take a slice, she put the note into her left hand, where she was still holding the purse, and then allowed her hand to drop beside her close to the canvas. Troy, you will marry again some day?" "I know all that. Troy does not come back again, which he may not impossibly do! However he came to dream of it, I cannot think. But is it wrong? Boldwood?" "And on love--"  "My own." "But I am THE CAUSE of the party, and that upsets me!--Don't tell, Liddy." "If it is not inconvenient to her she may." However,     does a woman keep a promise, not to marry, but to enter on an     engagement to marry at some time? said Boldwood, vehemently. Bathsheba is a woman to her word." "Boldwood?" Have you found out whether she has encouraged him?" I didn't know a word about     any such thing till yesterday, and all I heard then was that she was     gwine to the party at his house to-night. This is the first time she     has ever gone there, they say. And they say that she've not so much     as spoke to him since they were at Greenhill Fair: but what can folk     believe o't? He manages     everything." "'Twill puzzle him to manage her, or any other man of his compass!" "I don't know about that. Troy." Oak then left him. "They be coming, sir--lots of 'em--a-foot and a-driving!" Troy?" said Troy to Pennyways. "There she is with plenty of     money, and a house and farm, and horses, and comfort, and here am I     living from hand to mouth--a needy adventurer. "Pennyways, mind who you are talking to." "You may depend upon't that she knows nothing about it." Going in?" Boldwood hastened back to the door, and opened it; and the light shone upon Bathsheba coming up the path. said one of the men. Samway, Tall, and Smallbury agreed to go to Warren's, and went out at the gate, the remaining ones entering the house. "We don't know that he will. "Just ask to see master." "Perhaps she won't come and speak to him." Troy--you are not going?" "But as it is not late," she added, "I can walk home, and leave my man and Liddy to come when they choose." "I've been trying to get an opportunity of speaking to you," said Boldwood. And Boldwood slipped the ring on her finger. He left the room, and when he thought she might be sufficiently composed sent one of the maids to her. To get to the door it was necessary to pass through the hall, and before doing so she paused on the bottom of the staircase which descended into one corner, to take a last look at the gathering. "News? asked Boldwood, somewhat sharply. Troy has come downstairs," said Samway to Tall. Troy is wanted," he said, on returning. she said. "Ask him to come in," said Boldwood. The message was given, and Troy, wrapped up to his eyes as we have seen him, stood in the doorway. Troy turned to Bathsheba. In bewilderment they turned their eyes to Boldwood. Boldwood was seen through the smoke to be now again engaged with the gun. Boldwood gasped. "There is another way for me to die."
Boldwood entered, and the door was closed behind him, and he walked the world no more. As for Bathsheba, she had changed. He should have been looked after. he said. "The body has been undressed and properly laid out in grave clothes. THE MARCH FOLLOWING--"BATHSHEBA BOLDWOOD"   We pass rapidly on into the month of March, to a breezy day without sunshine, frost, or dew. There were two muffs, sable and ermine. Boldwood, as every one supposed he would do, had pleaded guilty, and had been sentenced to death. "However, that we can talk of another time. Has there been any change in mistress this afternoon?" "Is she downstairs?" She's but very little better now again than she was at Christmas. "If it is not, she'll go out of her mind too. "Is she altered much?" "Her eyes are so miserable that she's not the same woman. Gabriel's anxiety was great that Boldwood might be saved, even though in his conscience he felt that he ought to die; for there had been qualities in the farmer which Oak loved. "Is that you, Laban?" said Gabriel. He's not to die. When she reached a little shop at the other end of the place, which stood nearly opposite to the churchyard, Bathsheba heard singing inside the church, and she knew that the singers were practising. I'll leave you, then." "Leaving England!" "But it is understood everywhere that you are going to take poor Mr. Boldwood's farm on your own account." It was a formal notice by letter from him that he should not renew his engagement with her for the following Lady-day. Since Troy's death Oak had attended all sales and fairs for her, transacting her business at the same time with his own. Oak placed two or three for her. "Offended me! "It would be wiser if you were to, I think. What does that mean?" "Yes; of course, it is too absurd. she returned, with tears in her eyes. On the way home he heard a heavy tread in front of him, and, overtaking the man, found him to be Coggan. "I wanted to have a word with Laban." "Only a friend," said Coggan. "Whatever IS going on, ma'am?" she said. An observer must have been very close indeed to discover that the forms under the umbrellas were those of Oak and Bathsheba, arm-in-arm for the first time in their lives, Oak in a greatcoat extending to his knees, and Bathsheba in a cloak that reached her clogs.
His Christian name was Gabriel, and on working days he was a young man of sound judgment, easy motions, proper dress, and general good character. Mr. Oak carried about him, by way of watch, what may be called a small silver clock; in other words, it was a watch as to shape and intention, and a small clock as to size. But some thoughtful persons, who had seen him walking across one of his fields on a certain December morning--sunny and exceedingly mild--might have regarded Gabriel Oak in other aspects than these. This may be said to be a defect in an individual if he depends for his valuation more upon his appearance than upon his capacity to wear well, which Oak did not. Gabriel had not beheld the sight for more than half a minute, when the vehicle was brought to a standstill just beneath his eyes. "The tailboard of the waggon is gone, Miss," said the waggoner. "Do," she answered. There was no necessity whatever for her looking in the glass. About twenty steps still remained between him and the gate, when he heard a dispute. It was a difference concerning twopence between the persons with the waggon and the man at the toll-bar. "Mis'ess's niece is upon the top of the things, and she says that's enough that I've offered ye, you great miser, and she won't pay any more." "That's a handsome maid," he said to Oak. "But she has her faults," said Gabriel. "True, farmer." "And the greatest of them is--well, what it is always."
A desolating wind wandered from the north over the hill whereon Oak had watched the yellow waggon and its occupant in the sunshine of a few days earlier. The dry leaves in the ditch simmered and boiled in the same breezes, a tongue of air occasionally ferreting out a few, and sending them spinning across the grass. After such a nocturnal reconnoitre it is hard to get back to earth, and to believe that the consciousness of such majestic speeding is derived from a tiny human frame. They were the notes of Farmer Oak's flute. It was only latterly that people had begun to call Gabriel "Farmer" Oak. The wind continued to beat about the corners of the hut, but the flute-playing ceased. This continued till Oak withdrew again from the flock. After placing the little creature with its mother, he stood and carefully examined the sky, to ascertain the time of night from the altitudes of the stars. Being a man not without a frequent consciousness that there was some charm in this life he led, he stood still after looking at the sky as a useful instrument, and regarded it in an appreciative spirit, as a work of art superlatively beautiful. Through crevices in the roof and side spread streaks and dots of light, a combination of which made the radiance that had attracted him. The place contained two women and two cows. One of the women was past middle age. "I wish we were rich enough to pay a man to do these things," she said. "Well, my hat is gone, however," continued the younger. The other was spotted, grey and white. Beside her Oak now noticed a little calf about a day old, looking idiotically at the two women, which showed that it had not long been accustomed to the phenomenon of eyesight, and often turning to the lantern, which it apparently mistook for the moon, inherited instinct having as yet had little time for correction by experience. "But there's no side-saddle." "I can ride on the other: trust me." Had Gabriel been able from the first to get a distinct view of her countenance, his estimate of it as very handsome or slightly so would have been as his soul required a divinity at the moment or was ready supplied with one. Gabriel Oak returned to his flock.
  A GIRL ON HORSEBACK--CONVERSATION   The sluggish day began to break. She was the young woman of the night before. Gabriel took it in his hand and returned to his hut. The girl, who wore no riding-habit, looked around for a moment, as if to assure herself that all humanity was out of view, then dexterously dropped backwards flat upon the pony's back, her head over its tail, her feet against its shoulders, and her eyes to the sky. Oak was amused, perhaps a little astonished, and hanging up the hat in his hut, went again among his ewes. An hour passed, the girl returned, properly seated now, with a bag of bran in front of her. The boy led away the horse, leaving the pail with the young woman. She came, the pail in one hand, hanging against her knee. It was with some surprise that she saw Gabriel's face rising like the moon behind the hedge. "I found a hat," said Oak. "I had to ride to Tewnell Mill." "Here--going through the plantation, and all down the hill," said Farmer Oak, with an aspect excessively knowing with regard to some matter in his mind, as he gazed at a remote point in the direction named, and then turned back to meet his colloquist's eyes. He heard what seemed to be the flitting of a dead leaf upon the breeze, and looked. She had gone away. His want of tact had deeply offended her--not by seeing what he could not help, but by letting her know that he had seen it. On opening his eyes he found that evening had sunk to dusk in a strange manner of unexpectedness. So he remained silent. There is no reason either why I should, as you probably will never have much to do with me." "My name is Gabriel Oak." "You see, it is the only one I shall ever have, and I must make the most of it." "Very well," she said, and gave him her hand, compressing her lips to a demure impassivity. She gave him her hand again. "But I suppose you are thinking you would like to kiss it? You may if you want to." She snatched back her hand. Gabriel felt himself guilty of another want of tact.
By making inquiries he found that the girl's name was Bathsheba Everdene, and that the cow would go dry in about seven days. He dreaded the eighth day. All this while he was perplexing himself about an errand on which he might consistently visit the cottage of Bathsheba's aunt. At evening he had fancifully traced it down the chimney to the spot of its origin--seen the hearth and Bathsheba beside it--beside it in her out-door dress; for the clothes she had worn on the hill were by association equally with her person included in the compass of his affection; they seemed at this early time of his love a necessary ingredient of the sweet mixture called Bathsheba Everdene. "I beg your pardon," said Oak to the voice, "but George was walking on behind me with a temper as mild as milk." Bathsheba's aunt was indoors. "Will you tell Miss Everdene that somebody would be glad to speak to her?" Bathsheba was out. "I've brought a lamb for Miss Everdene. In short, I was going to ask her if she'd like to be married." Because if she would, I should be very glad to marry her. D'ye know if she's got any other young man hanging about her at all?" Not that her young men ever come here--but, Lord, in the nature of women, she must have a dozen!" "Farmer Oak--I--" she said, pausing for want of breath pulling up in front of him with a slanted face and putting her hand to her side. Gabriel uttered "a little" in a tone to show her that it was the complacent form of "a great deal." He went forward and stretched out his arm again. "To run after anybody like this, and then say you don't want him!" "But you can give a guess." "I can make you happy," said he to the back of her head, across the bush. "Dearly I should like that!" He regarded the red berries between them over and over again, to such an extent, that holly seemed in his after life to be a cypher signifying a proposal of marriage. Bathsheba decisively turned to him. "No; 'tis no use," she said. "Of course he would--I, that is." "But why?" "I don't love you," she said. he naively said.
It may have been observed that there is no regular path for getting out of love as there is for getting in. Some people look upon marriage as a short cut that way, but it has been known to fail. Gabriel called at the top of his voice the shepherd's call:  "Ovey, ovey, ovey!" A horrible conviction darted through Oak. With a sensation of bodily faintness he advanced: at one point the rails were broken through, and there he saw the footprints of his ewes. A shadow in his life had always been that his flock ended in mutton--that a day came and found every shepherd an arrant traitor to his defenseless sheep. It was a second to remember another phase of the matter. The sheep were not insured. All this Oak saw and remembered. Oak found that the value of stock, plant, and implements which were really his own would be about sufficient to pay his debts, leaving himself a free man with the clothes he stood up in, and nothing more.
We are brought on to a day in February, on which was held the yearly statute or hiring fair in the county-town of Casterbridge. His answer always was,--  "I am looking for a place myself--a bailiff's. Do ye know of anybody who wants one?" In the morning a regiment of cavalry had left the town, and a sergeant and his party had been beating up for recruits through the four streets. "Two shillings." Now that Oak had turned himself into a shepherd, it seemed that bailiffs were most in demand. Gabriel, like his dog, was too good to be trustworthy, and he never made advance beyond this point. Some merry men were whistling and singing by the corn-exchange. By making inquiries he learnt that there was another fair at Shottsford the next day. Weatherbury! "How far is it to Weatherbury?" He calculated that he had walked a very fair proportion of the journey; and having been on foot since daybreak, he felt tempted to lie down upon the hay in the waggon instead of pushing on to the village of Weatherbury, and having to pay for a lodging. Oh, the world!" On hearing these and other similar remarks, a wild thought flashed into Gabriel's mind that they might be speaking of Bathsheba. He was about to walk on, when he noticed on his left hand an unusual light--appearing about half a mile distant. A rick-yard was the source of the fire. He came up to the boundary fence, and stood to regain breath. If the fire once got UNDER this stack, all would be lost. "Get a tarpaulin--quick!" "Yes--he is. A fine young shepherd he is too, ma'am." she said. "Safe-now--leastwise I think so. "Maryann," said the girl on horseback, "go to him as he comes down, and say that the farmer wishes to thank him for the great service he has done." Took on her uncle's farm, who died suddenly.
Embarrassed she was not, and she remembered Gabriel's declaration of love to her at Norcombe only to think she had nearly forgotten it. "Then will you tell him to speak to the bailiff," said Bathsheba. The fire before them wasted away. Will you come to the house?" The noise was enough to disturb the motionless stranger, who started and assumed a careless position. "Good-night," said the girl to Gabriel. His thoughts were directed to the past, his eyes to the feet of the girl; and for the first time he saw lying there a bundle of some sort. Then she was silent and shivered. "You ought to have a cloak on such a cold night," Gabriel observed. "What is the matter?" "But there is?" He fancied that he had felt himself in the penumbra of a very deep sadness when touching that slight and fragile creature.
"My father and my grandfather were old men of the name of Gabriel," said the shepherd, placidly. "Likewise knowed yer father when he was a child. Taking the mug he drank an inch or more from the depth of its contents, and duly passed it to the next man. "I wouldn't think of giving such trouble to neighbours in washing up when there's so much work to be done in the world already." said the maltster. "Such a modest man as he is!" "Yes, very awkward for the man." "Yes; that were the middle of the night, too. As I take it, she's going to keep on the farm. "I used to go to his house a-courting my first wife, Charlotte, who was his dairymaid. Happy times! "He admired her so much that he used to light the candle three times a night to look at her." I knowed the man and woman both well. "He got so much better, that he was quite godly in his later years, wasn't he, Jan?" said Joseph Poorgrass. "'Tis to be hoped her temper is as good as her face." [Footnote 1: This phrase is a conjectural emendation of the    unintelligible expression, "as the Devil said to the Owl,"    used by the natives.] "Father's so old that 'a can't mind his age, can ye, father?" How much is that?" "We all know that, and ye must have a wonderful talented constitution to be able to live so long, mustn't he, neighbours?" "Not at all," said Mr. Oak. Then Gabriel arose and went off with Jan Coggan, who had offered him a lodging. "O--what's the matter, what's the matter, Henery?" "Stealing it is. The news is, that after Miss Everdene got home she went out again to see all was safe, as she usually do, and coming in found Baily Pennyways creeping down the granary steps with half a a bushel of barley. "I've had the news-bell ringing in my left ear quite bad enough for a murder, and I've seen a magpie all alone!" What with this trouble about the baily, and now about the girl, mis'ess is almost wild." They all hastened up the lane to the farmhouse, excepting the old maltster, whom neither news, fire, rain, nor thunder could draw from his hole. From the bedroom window above their heads Bathsheba's head and shoulders, robed in mystic white, were dimly seen extended into the air. "To-morrow morning I wish two or three of you to make inquiries in the villages round if they have seen such a person as Fanny Robin. "I beg yer pardon, but had she any young man courting her in the parish, ma'am?" "For any lover of hers might have come to the house if he had been a respectable lad. The most mysterious matter connected with her absence--indeed, the only thing which gives me serious alarm--is that she was seen to go out of the house by Maryann with only her indoor working gown on--not even a bonnet." "And you mean, ma'am, excusing my words, that a young woman would hardly go to see her young man without dressing up," said Jacob, turning his mental vision upon past experiences. "But she had no young man about here. Bathsheba said.
In the room from which the conversation proceeded Bathsheba and her servant-companion, Liddy Smallbury, were to be discovered sitting upon the floor, and sorting a complication of papers, books, bottles, and rubbish spread out thereon--remnants from the household stores of the late occupier. Liddy, the maltster's great-granddaughter, was about Bathsheba's equal in age, and her face was a prominent advertisement of the light-hearted English country girl. "I hear something." The tramp of a horse was apparent, approaching the front of the building. said Liddy, in a low voice. "To ride up the footpath like that! "Why doesn't Mrs. Coggan go to the door?" Bathsheba continued. The door opened, and a deep voice said--  "Is Miss Everdene at home?" Here's Mr. Boldwood wanting to see you, Miss Everdene." "All I wanted to ask was, if anything had been heard of Fanny Robin?" "Who is Mr. Boldwood?" said Bathsheba. "What a bother this dusting is! He's a very kind man that way, but Lord--there!" He's been courted by sixes and sevens--all the girls, gentle and simple, for miles round, have tried him. with a dash of congratulation as well as pity. "Did anybody ever want to marry you miss?" "A man wanted to once," she said, in a highly experienced tone, and the image of Gabriel Oak, as the farmer, rose before her. "He wasn't quite good enough for me." "Oh, no.
  MISTRESS AND MEN   Half-an-hour later Bathsheba, in finished dress, and followed by Liddy, entered the upper end of the old hall to find that her men had all deposited themselves on a long form and a settle at the lower extremity. She sat down at a table and opened the time-book, pen in her hand, with a canvas money-bag beside her. The men breathed an audible breath of amazement. "The next matter is, have you heard anything of Fanny?" "What do you do on the farm?" Now here are ten shillings in addition as a small present, as I am a new comer." continued Bathsheba. "What woman is that?" laughed the married man with a hideous effort of appreciation, for he was as irrepressibly good-humoured under ghastly snubs as a parliamentary candidate on the hustings. "The new shepherd will want a man under him," suggested Henery Fray, trying to make himself official again by a sideway approach towards her chair. "Oh--he will. asked Bathsheba. And you quite understand your duties?--you I mean, Gabriel Oak?" "Here's Billy Smallbury come from Casterbridge." "Well, what about Fanny?" "Well, ma'am, in round numbers, she's run away with the soldiers," said William. "No; not a steady girl like Fanny!" "I saw them go," he said. "No, ma'am; but they be gone to take the places of them who may, which is very close connected. "But one of you had better run across to Farmer Boldwood's and tell him that much."
At this time some words were spoken aloud:--  "One. It smacked against the wall at a point several yards from its mark. The throw was the idea of a man conjoined with the execution of a woman. The window was struck again in the same manner. "Who's there?" "Is it Sergeant Troy?" "Your wife, Fanny Robin." "Fanny!" "You said I was to come." You are glad to see me, Frank?" "Oh yes--of course." "Can you--come to me!" And Frank, when will it be?" Don't speak like that. Well--you have to get proper clothes." "Not to-morrow. "You have the permission of the officers?" "The fact is, I forgot to ask. Your coming like this is so sudden and unexpected." I don't like to come to the Barracks. And the noise was again heard of a window closing. When she passed the corner a subdued exclamation was heard inside the wall.
But if she was to be the practical woman she had intended to show herself, business must be carried on, introductions or none, and she ultimately acquired confidence enough to speak and reply boldly to men merely known to her by hearsay. Those of the farmers with whom she had no dealings (by far the greater part) were continually asking each other, "Who is she?" However, the interest was general, and this Saturday's _debut_ in the forum, whatever it may have been to Bathsheba as the buying and selling farmer, was unquestionably a triumph to her as the maiden. When marketing was over, she rushed off to Liddy, who was waiting for her beside the yellow gig in which they had driven to town. "But there was one man who had more sense than to waste his time upon me." "Can't you guess at all?" Bathsheba was suffering from the reverse feeling just then, and they bowled along in silence. "That! "Oh, Farmer Boldwood," murmured Bathsheba, and looked at him as he outstripped them. she remarked. Everybody owns it," replied Liddy. "It is said--but not known for certain--that he met with some bitter disappointment when he was a young man and merry. "That's most likely." "Well, yes, so it is.
Liddy fetched it. said Liddy curiously. "No, indeed," said Bathsheba, with serene indifference. "His pew is exactly opposite yours, miss." said Liddy. "Farmer Boldwood?" It was the single name among all possible wrong ones that just at this moment seemed to Bathsheba more pertinent than the right. "Here's a place for writing," said Bathsheba. It just suits itself to a chubby-faced child like him," said Bathsheba. "What fun it would be to send it to the stupid old Boldwood, and how he would wonder!" Bathsheba paused to regard the idea at full length. "Really, I don't care particularly to send it to Teddy," remarked her mistress. Here's one with a motto--I remember it is some funny one, but I can't read it. Bathsheba looked closely at the hot wax to discover the words. she exclaimed, throwing down the letter frolicsomely. Liddy looked at the words of the seal, and read--      "MARRY ME."
  EFFECT OF THE LETTER--SUNRISE   At dusk, on the evening of St. Valentine's Day, Boldwood sat down to supper as usual, by a beaming fire of aged logs. The letter must have had an origin and a motive. When Boldwood went to bed he placed the valentine in the corner of the looking-glass. Boldwood looked, as he had a hundred times the preceding day, at the insistent red seal: "Marry me," he said aloud. The driver held out a letter. It is for Miss Everdene's. You had better take it on to him--Gabriel Oak--and say I opened it in mistake." "That's the man on the hill. I'll take the letter to him myself."
The form of Henery Fray advanced to the fire, stamping the snow from his boots when about half-way there. "And how is she getting on without a baily?" he said. But to think she can carr' on alone!" A short pause ensued, and as a sort of _entr'acte_ Henery turned and blew out the lanterns, which the increase of daylight rendered no longer necessary even in the malthouse, with its one pane of glass. Seems her old uncle's things were not good enough for her. "Terrible trying," said Oak. Yes; 'tis a very queer lambing this year. "Bring on the rest Cain," said Gabriel, "and then run back to the ewes. Oak lowered the lambs from their unnatural elevation, wrapped them in hay, and placed them round the fire. And how is it with you to-day, malter?" "And you can mind the old well that used to be in the middle of the place? "What have you been saying about her?" The dog George looked up at the same time after the shepherd's menace, and though he understood English but imperfectly, began to growl. said Oak. "We hear that ye can tell the time as well by the stars as we can by the sun and moon, shepherd." The genial warmth of the fire now began to stimulate the nearly lifeless lambs to bleat and move their limbs briskly upon the hay, and to recognize for the first time the fact that they were born. "And she don't even let ye have the skins of the dead lambs, I hear?" resumed Joseph Poorgrass, his eyes lingering on the operations of Oak with the necessary melancholy. I believe it is yours. All has ended well,    and I am happy to say I am going to be married to the young    man who has courted me for some time--Sergeant Troy, of    the 11th Dragoon Guards, now quartered in this town. The sergeant grew up in Weatherbury. Boldwood?" I know you are interested in Fanny Robin." Boldwood read the letter and looked grieved. "What sort of a man is this Sergeant Troy?" Two more ewes have twinned--that's what's the matter, Shepherd Oak." Boldwood." Boldwood followed him a little way up the field, hesitated, and turned back. On approaching the nook in which the fold was constructed, the farmer drew out his pocket-book, unfastened it, and allowed it to lie open on his hand. "I was going to ask you, Oak," he said, with unreal carelessness, "if you know whose writing this is?" He again placed the letter on the mantelpiece, and sat down to think of the circumstances attending it by the light of Gabriel's information.
The step echoed with a ring unusual in a church; it was the clink of spurs. The young sergeant stood still with the abnormal rigidity of the old pillars around. The silence grew to be a noticeable thing as the minutes went on, and nobody else appeared, and not a soul moved. The sergeant had not yet turned; every woman in the church was waiting to see his face, and he appeared to know it. The young man on leaving the door went to cross the square, when, in the middle, he met a little woman. and he gave vent to a hoarse laugh. "I don't go through that experience again for some time, I warrant you!" God knows!" he said, with a light irony, and turning from her walked rapidly away.
  IN THE MARKET-PLACE   On Saturday Boldwood was in Casterbridge market house as usual, when the disturber of his dreams entered and became visible to him. He saw her black hair, her correct facial curves and profile, and the roundness of her chin and throat. He furtively said to a neighbour, "Is Miss Everdene considered handsome?" "Oh yes; she was a good deal noticed the first time she came, if you remember. A man is never more credulous than in receiving favourable opinions on the beauty of a woman he is half, or quite, in love with; a mere child's word on the point has the weight of an R.A.'s. Boldwood was satisfied now. Boldwood renounced the idea.
They heard the sound of wheels yet once more, and were re-animated to expectancy: it was only Mr. Boldwood coming home again. Pacing up and down at the heels of the animals was Farmer Boldwood himself. There was a change in Boldwood's exterior from its former impassibleness; and his face showed that he was now living outside his defences for the first time, and with a fearful sense of exposure. It was to go across and inquire boldly of her. He became surcharged with the compound, which was genuine lover's love. Mistress and man were engaged in the operation of making a lamb "take," which is performed whenever an ewe has lost her own offspring, one of the twins of another ewe being given her as a substitute. At once connecting these signs with the letter Boldwood had shown him, Gabriel suspected her of some coquettish procedure begun by that means, and carried on since, he knew not how. He was still in the road, and by moving on he hoped that neither would recognize that he had originally intended to enter the field. Perhaps in her manner there were signs that she wished to see him--perhaps not--he could not read a woman.
  THE SHEEP-WASHING--THE OFFER   Boldwood did eventually call upon her. She was not at home. "Of course not," he murmured. He had by this time grown used to being in love; the passion now startled him less even when it tortured him more, and he felt himself adequate to the situation. On inquiring for her at her house they had told him she was at the sheep-washing, and he went off to seek her there. The sheep-washing pool was a perfectly circular basin of brickwork in the meadows, full of the clearest water. Boldwood came close and bade her good morning, with such constraint that she could not but think he had stepped across to the washing for its own sake, hoping not to find her there; more, she fancied his brow severe and his eye slighting. In the same way, to say a little is often to tell more than to say a great deal. Boldwood told everything in that word. This giving back of dignity for dignity seemed to open the sluices of feeling that Boldwood had as yet kept closed. O that valentine!" she said to herself, but not a word to him. You torture me to say it was done in thoughtlessness--I never thought of it in that light, and I can't endure it. And I am afraid they will notice us, Mr. Boldwood. "Say then, that you don't absolutely refuse. "I may speak to you again on the subject?" Be neutral, Mr. Boldwood! "I will wait," he said.
Boldwood as a means to marriage was unexceptionable: she esteemed and liked him, yet she did not want him. The next day to that of the declaration she found Gabriel Oak at the bottom of her garden, grinding his shears for the sheep-shearing. I want to speak to you, Gabriel." she said. "Incline the edge so," he said. "That will do," exclaimed Bathsheba. Gabriel freed her hands quietly, retired to his handle, and the grinding went on. "Did the men think it odd?" she said again. "Well, then, Bathsheba!" said Oak, stopping the handle, and gazing into her face with astonishment. Bathsheba regarded him with round-eyed perplexity. But she forbore to utter this feeling, and the reticence of her tongue only made the loquacity of her face the more noticeable. she exclaimed. "I should be even better pleased to go at once," he added. said she, her eyes flashing at his, though never meeting them.
  TROUBLES IN THE FOLD--A MESSAGE   Gabriel Oak had ceased to feed the Weatherbury flock for about four-and-twenty hours, when on Sunday afternoon the elderly gentlemen Joseph Poorgrass, Matthew Moon, Fray, and half-a-dozen others, came running up to the house of the mistress of the Upper Farm. --Sheep have broke fence," said Fray.  " --And got into a field of young clover," said Tall.  " "To come to me, and not go and get them out directly! Having once received the stimulus that her presence always gave them they went round among the sheep with a will. "There's only one way of saving them," said Tall. "Who is he? "Shepherd Oak," said Matthew. Bathsheba went up to it. "I won't send for him. "Where is Oak staying?" So did all the rest. Bathsheba walked up and down. Gabriel looked at her. And she smiled on him again.
For once mediaevalism and modernism had a common stand-point. The defence and salvation of the body by daily bread is still a study, a religion, and a desire. So the chatter was all on her side. "Well done, and done quickly!" What they conversed about was not audible to Gabriel, who was too independent to get near, though too concerned to disregard. She left Boldwood's side, and he walked up and down alone for nearly a quarter of an hour. Oak's eyes could not forsake them; and in endeavouring to continue his shearing at the same time that he watched Boldwood's manner, he snipped the sheep in the groin. "Oh, Gabriel!" Take my place in the barn, Gabriel, and keep the men carefully to their work." The horses' heads were put about, and they trotted away. To be long-headed enough for a baily's place is a poor mere trifle--yet a trifle more than nothing. Oak went on with his shearing, and said not another word. This was mere exclamation--the froth of the storm. He adored Bathsheba just the same. "Well, I hope to do my duty by it all," said Joseph Poorgrass, in a pleasant, masticating manner of anticipation.
She then asked Gabriel to take the place and the duties appertaining to that end, which he did with great readiness. So also was Bathsheba now that he had come, though the uninvited presence of Pennyways, the bailiff who had been dismissed for theft, disturbed her equanimity for a while. said Coggan. "And mistress is looking hard at ye, as much as to say, 'Sing at once, Joseph Poorgrass.'" "Well, really, ma'am," he replied, in a yielding tone, "I don't know what to say. "Hear, hear!" But the singer could not be set going again. Gabriel suddenly missed Farmer Boldwood from his place at the bottom of the table. Would Miss Everdene sing to them the song she always sang so charmingly--"The Banks of Allan Water"--before they went home? "Have you brought your flute?" Boldwood had drawn up on her left, within the room. Her singing was soft and rather tremulous at first, but it soon swelled to a steady clearness. It was when the rest were all looking away that Boldwood observed her; when they regarded her he turned aside; when they thanked or praised he was silent; when they were inattentive he murmured his thanks. Oak wandered away under the quiet and scented trees. Miss Everdene and Boldwood were alone. "I will try to love you," she was saying, in a trembling voice quite unlike her usual self-confidence. But, Mr. Boldwood, hesitation on so high a matter is honourable in any woman, and I don't want to give a solemn promise to-night. I would rather ask you to wait a few weeks till I can see my situation better. "Good-night," she said, graciously--almost tenderly; and Boldwood withdrew with a serene smile.
  THE SAME NIGHT--THE FIR PLANTATION   Among the multifarious duties which Bathsheba had voluntarily imposed upon herself by dispensing with the services of a bailiff, was the particular one of looking round the homestead before going to bed, to see that all was right and safe for the night. "I am a man." "Is that a dark lantern you have? The man to whom she was hooked was brilliant in brass and scarlet. It was immediately apparent that the military man's spur had become entangled in the gimp which decorated the skirt of her dress. He caught a view of her face. He looked hard into her eyes when she raised them for a moment; Bathsheba looked down again, for his gaze was too strong to be received point-blank with her own. His unravelling went on, but it nevertheless seemed coming to no end. Sergeant Troy. How to decently get away from him--that was her difficulty now. In ascending to her own chamber, Bathsheba opened the girl's door an inch or two, and, panting, said--  "Liddy, is any soldier staying in the village--sergeant somebody-- rather gentlemanly for a sergeant, and good looking--a red coat with blue facings?" "No, miss ... No, I say; but really it might be Sergeant Troy home on furlough, though I have not seen him. "Yes; that's the name. "What kind of a person is he?" Is it true?" Just now the first feeling was in the ascendant with Bathsheba, with a dash of the second. "And was ever anything so meanly done as what I did--to skulk away like that from a man who was only civil and kind!" It was a fatal omission of Boldwood's that he had never once told her she was beautiful.
He was a man to whom memories were an incumbrance, and anticipations a superfluity. With him the past was yesterday; the future, to-morrow; never, the day after. Sergeant Troy, being entirely innocent of the practice of expectation, was never disappointed. He spoke fluently and unceasingly. Still less is it acted upon for the good of the complemental being alluded to. When expressed with some amount of reflectiveness it seems co-ordinate with a belief that this flattery must be reasonable to be effective. "Treat them fairly, and you are a lost man." he would say. As soon as she had entered the field Troy saw her, and sticking his pitchfork into the ground and picking up his crop or cane, he came forward.
Bathsheba was absolutely speechless. "How long is it since you have been so afflicted with strong feeling, then?" Bathsheba moved on to hide the irrepressible dimplings of merriment. Troy followed, whirling his crop. she said, opening her eyes. She can marry him: he is content, and leads a useful life. she asked, with some interest. "But how can it give you pleasure to speak to me?" Perhaps he is--I don't know. "That makes no difference. he inquired. "That watch has a history. "But, Sergeant Troy, I cannot take this--I cannot!" "A gold watch! Don't be such a dissembler!" The sergeant retreated to avoid receiving back his gift, which she held out persistently towards him. Bathsheba followed as he retired. Bathsheba was brimming with agitated bewilderment, and she said, in half-suspicious accents of feeling, "Can it be! and continued to look at her. he coaxed. Bathsheba could not face the haymakers now.
She found her voice in a minute. How blooming you are to-day!" Troy flung down his cane and put his foot on the ladder to ascend. I must put on the veil and gloves. He came down holding the hive at arm's length, behind which trailed a cloud of bees. "Upon my life," said Troy, through the veil, "holding up this hive makes one's arm ache worse than a week of sword-exercise." To hide her embarrassment during the unwonted process of untying the string about his neck, she said:--  "I have never seen that you spoke of." would you like to?" Bathsheba hesitated. "No! "Not with a walking-stick--I don't care to see that. She shook her head, but with a weakened negation.
Troy stood in the bottom, looking up towards her. Then the same on the left. he said. "Then there's pursuing practice, in this way." "How murderous and bloodthirsty!" "I'll be sure not to!" He pointed to about a yard in front of him. she cried out in affright, pressing her hand to her side. "Is the sword very sharp?" It may safely be asserted with respect to the closeness of his cuts, that had it been possible for the edge of the sword to leave in the air a permanent substance wherever it flew past, the space left untouched would have been almost a mould of Bathsheba's figure. The lock dropped to the ground. said Troy. "There it is, look," said the sergeant, holding his sword before her eyes. said Bathsheba, amazed. "But how could you chop off a curl of my hair with a sword that has no edge?" And Troy returned the weapon to the scabbard. He had kissed her.
Bathsheba loved Troy in the way that only self-reliant women love when they abandon their self-reliance. Bathsheba had spoken of her interest in Boldwood with the greatest freedom to Liddy, but she had only communed with her own heart concerning Troy. Oak determined to speak to his mistress. "Oh, is it Gabriel?" "You are taking a walk too. "I never meet them." Now Oak, with marvellous ingenuity, had been going to introduce the gallant sergeant through the channel of "bad characters." I respect him, and he has urged me to marry him. "Yet I must say that Sergeant Troy is an educated man, and quite worthy of any woman. When he tries to talk to 'ee again, why not turn away with a short 'Good day'; and when you see him coming one way, turn the other. "I say--I say again--that it doesn't become you to talk about him. "He is as good as anybody in this parish! "The reason of that is," she said eagerly, "that he goes in privately by the old tower door, just when the service commences, and sits at the back of the gallery. I don't want you--I beg you to go!" "That's nonsense," said Oak, calmly. How would the farm go on with nobody to mind it but a woman? It is more than probable that she privately and unconsciously respected him a little for this grim fidelity, which had been shown in his tone even more than in his words. Gabriel went home by way of the churchyard. It was a decisive proof that the door had not been opened at least since Troy came back to Weatherbury.
  HOT CHEEKS AND TEARFUL EYES   Half an hour later Bathsheba entered her own house. He had also kissed her a second time. She now sank down into a chair, wild and perturbed by all these new and fevering sequences. In three minutes, without pause or modification, she had written a letter to Boldwood, at his address beyond Casterbridge, saying mildly but firmly that she had well considered the whole subject he had brought before her and kindly given her time to decide upon; that her final decision was that she could not marry him. She paused in the passage. A dialogue was going on in the kitchen, and Bathsheba and Troy were the subject of it. she asked. How dare you to my face! She put her arms round Liddy's neck. "Liddy, come here. Solemnly swear to me that he's not a fast man; that it is all lies they say about him!" "No, miss. Loving is misery for women always. sobbed Liddy, impulsively putting up her lips to Bathsheba's, and kissing her.
Boldwood?" Bathsheba was unable to direct her will into any definite groove for freeing herself from this fearfully awkward position. Boldwood walked up to her heavily and dully. Boldwood burst out. Still, she is you--she is you." Heavens you must be heartless quite! An unprotected childhood in a cold world has beaten gentleness out of me." I know where." He was coming to Troy. Go and marry your man--go on!" Boldwood!" When I am dead they'll say, miserable love-sick man that he was. He has kissed you--claimed you as his. Deny it!" "Ha--then he has!" "Then curse him; and curse him!" The impending night appeared to concentrate in his eye. It is a fortunate thing for him that he's gone back to his regiment--that he's away up the country, and not here! For a moment Boldwood stood so inertly after this that his soul seemed to have been entirely exhaled with the breath of his passionate words. Troy had not returned to his distant barracks as Boldwood and others supposed, but had merely gone to visit some acquaintance in Bath, and had yet a week or more remaining to his furlough. She felt wretchedly certain that if he revisited her just at this nick of time, and came into contact with Boldwood, a fierce quarrel would be the consequence.
She left her bed and looked out of the window. The figure seized the horse by the forelock, and led it to the corner of the field. Coggan called Gabriel, who now again lodged in his house as at first, and together they went to the paddock. said Gabriel. Oak vaulted astride, and Coggan clambered up by aid of the bank, when they ascended to the gate and galloped off in the direction taken by Bathsheba's horse and the robber. The gipsies were gone. Jan exclaimed. "How do you know?" They rode along silently for a long weary time. "She walked up here--and well she might. Gabriel dismounted when they came to a turning. "Where?" "He has stolen the horse!" "But you'll consider, ma'am, that we couldn't see that till it got daylight." Boldwood's." She jumped to her feet. But could she go on to Liddy's and leave things to take their course? No, no; anything but that. She turned back towards the village. Her walk was slow, for she wished not to enter Weatherbury till the cottagers were in bed, and, particularly, till Boldwood was secure. This idea she proceeded to carry out, with what initial success we have already seen.
  IN THE SUN--A HARBINGER   A week passed, and there were no tidings of Bathsheba; nor was there any explanation of her Gilpin's rig. Another week passed. They were about to withdraw for a while into the charitable shade of a tree in the fence, when Coggan saw a figure in a blue coat and brass buttons running to them across the field. "I wonder who that is?" he said. "Now, Cainy!" "Well, at Bath you saw--" prompted Gabriel. said Gabriel, returning to the group. remonstrated Cainy. exclaimed Oak, with much disappointment. "She's not over intimate with him," said Gabriel, indignantly. "All I mane is that in common truth 'twas Miss Everdene and Sergeant Troy, but in the horrible so-help-me truth that ye want to make of it perhaps 'twas somebody else!" What difference does it make whose sweetheart she is, since she can't be yours?"
  HOME AGAIN--A TRICKSTER   That same evening at dusk Gabriel was leaning over Coggan's garden-gate, taking an up-and-down survey before retiring to rest. From it spread the tones of two women talking. Oak instantly knew the voices to be those of Bathsheba and Liddy. Both Bathsheba and the horse seemed weary. The exquisite relief of finding that she was here again, safe and sound, overpowered all reflection, and Oak could only luxuriate in the sense of it. Boldwood likewise vanished up the road, and Oak shortly afterwards turned indoors to bed. Farmer Boldwood went on towards Miss Everdene's house. Her back was towards Boldwood. He had come to apologize and beg forgiveness of Bathsheba with something like a sense of shame at his violence, having but just now learnt that she had returned--only from a visit to Liddy, as he supposed, the Bath escapade being quite unknown to him. He hastened home. He heard this person say "Good-night" to the inmates, and the voice was Troy's. Boldwood, however, hastened up to him. It seemed as if he were going to leave again this very night. Boldwood stepped forward. "Sergeant Troy?" "Yes--I'm Sergeant Troy." "What about?" "I see," said Troy. "I'll pay you well now, I'll settle a sum of money upon her, and I'll see that you don't suffer from poverty in the future. "But Bathsh--Miss Everdene inflamed me, and displaced Fanny for a time. He handed Troy a small packet. "Bathsheba." "Oh no. "Come to that, is it!" Troy stepped forward. said Boldwood. "Yes," said Troy to her. He now started forward towards Troy. Troy turned to him and took up the bag. I can't, however, marry them both. And I have two reasons for choosing Fanny. "A moment," he gasped. Boldwood groaned. said he. The alternative is dreadful, but take Bathsheba; I give her up! Wretched woman--deluded woman--you are, Bathsheba!" "No; Bathsheba Everdene. "Why, by settling the five hundred on Bathsheba instead of Fanny, to enable you to marry at once. But I have not much additional money with me. "I have twenty-one pounds more with me," he said. They went up the hill to Bathsheba's house. Boldwood waited. Troy appeared inside, carrying a bedroom candlestick. Boldwood looked and read--      MARRIAGES. Twenty-one pounds not to marry Fanny, but Bathsheba. Finale: already Bathsheba's husband.
Just before the clock struck five Gabriel Oak and Coggan passed the village cross, and went on together to the fields. The man was Sergeant Troy. Coggan spoke first, looking quietly at the window. "She has married him!" That they were married he had instantly decided. Coggan replied to the greeting. "A rambling, gloomy house this," said Troy, smiling. suggested Coggan. "Perhaps she's not there." Gabriel shook his head. "But it is a nice old house," responded Gabriel. "Oh, Coggan," said Troy, as if inspired by a recollection "do you know if insanity has ever appeared in Mr. Boldwood's family?" I'm not a proud man: nobody is ever able to say that of Sergeant Troy. "For if he's married to her, mark my words, he'll buy his discharge and be our master here. "There's Mr. Boldwood," said Oak. Gabriel, for a minute, rose above his own grief in noticing Boldwood's.
The night had a sinister aspect. Before twelve hours had passed a harvest atmosphere would be a bygone thing. He went on to the barn. "Friends, it is not only the harvest home that we are celebrating to-night; but this is also a Wedding Feast. 'Tis time they were in bed. Bathsheba indignantly left the barn, followed by all the women and children. Thus Troy and the men on the farm were left sole occupants of the place. He knew now that he was right, and that Troy was wrong. Apparently there was to be a thunder-storm, and afterwards a cold continuous rain. This complication of weathers being uncommon, was all the more to be feared. He went back to the barn to endeavour to obtain assistance for covering the ricks that very night. Gabriel looked in. Tall, I've come for the key of the granary, to get at the rick-cloths," said Oak, in a stentorian voice. "It isn't Laban--'tis Gabriel Oak. "Gabriel! "The key of the granary."
Gabriel felt his position to be anything but a safe one, and he resolved to descend. said Gabriel to the darkness. "He promised that the stacks should be seen to, and now they are all neglected! Can I do anything to help? Liddy is afraid to come out. she exclaimed, and clutched him by the sleeve. The lightning had struck the tree. He looked through the chinks of the door. "Gabriel," she said, in a strange and impressive voice. "I went to Bath that night in the full intention of breaking off my engagement to Mr. Troy. "And then, between jealousy and distraction, I married him!" You have done well." she said, gratefully. "Thank you for your devotion, a thousand times, Gabriel!
This done, Oak slaved away again at the barley. The rain came on in earnest, and Oak soon felt the water to be tracking cold and clammy routes down his back. Faint sounds came from the barn, and he looked that way. The man turned and plainly started; he was Boldwood. Not a bit of it: I am well enough. "Them under the hedge?" All the night he had been feeling that the neglect he was labouring to repair was abnormal and isolated--the only instance of the kind within the circuit of the county. Oak was just thinking that whatever he himself might have suffered from Bathsheba's marriage, here was a man who had suffered more, when Boldwood spoke in a changed voice--that of one who yearned to make a confidence and relieve his heart by an outpouring. "--But the real truth of the matter is that there was not, as some fancy, any jilting on--her part. Boldwood stood still now and turned his wild face to Oak. Boldwood aroused himself from the momentary mood of confidence into which he had drifted, and walked on again, resuming his usual reserve.
she implored. A woman appeared on the brow of the hill. The ridge was in a cutting, so that she was very near the husband and wife before she became visible. "Please, sir, do you know at what time Casterbridge Union-house closes at night?" Troy started visibly at the sound of the voice; yet he seemed to recover presence of mind sufficient to prevent himself from giving way to his impulse to suddenly turn and face her. She uttered an hysterical cry, and fell down. "Stay where you are, and attend to the horse!" "Walk the horse to the top: I'll see to the woman." Why didn't you write to me?" said Troy to the woman, in a strangely gentle, yet hurried voice, as he lifted her up. It is every farthing I have left. Monday is the first free day I have; and on Monday morning, at ten exactly, meet me on Grey's Bridge just out of the town. The woman was upon her feet, and Bathsheba saw her withdrawing from Troy, and going feebly down the hill by the third milestone from Casterbridge. "Do you know who that woman was?"
  ON CASTERBRIDGE HIGHWAY   For a considerable time the woman walked on. Underneath this she sat down and presently slept. she said. The road appeared to be familiar to her, and she carefully scanned the fence as she slowly walked along. The woman looked over the gate, opened it, and went in. By the aid of the Casterbridge aurora, and by feeling with her hands, the woman selected two sticks from the heaps. She listened. After an interval she again spoke. I have to go seventeen hundred yards. Seventeen times that. She passed five more. She passed them. "No further!" She opened her eyes, and the substance touched her face. A dog was licking her cheek. She pointed in the direction of Casterbridge, and the dog seemed to misunderstand: he trotted on. The man then closed the door. He helped me."
  SUSPICION--FANNY IS SENT FOR   Bathsheba said very little to her husband all that evening of their return from market, and he was not disposed to say much to her. This was the day before the Budmouth races. In the evening Troy said, suddenly--  "Bathsheba, could you let me have twenty pounds?" It was a culmination of the mood he had been in all the day. Troy for the moment made no reply. "The money is not wanted for racing debts at all," he said. "What is it for?" Troy hesitated. "Exactly; and, the former being done, suppose we proceed to the latter. "I wish you wouldn't talk like that. Troy, as he spoke, looked at his watch, and, apparently actuated by _non lucendo_ principles, opened the case at the back, revealing, snugly stowed within it, a small coil of hair. "A woman's curl of hair!" Troy had instantly closed his watch. "Why, yours, of course. I want to know." It is the hair of a young woman I was going to marry before I knew you." "You ought to tell me her name, then." "I cannot do that." "Is she married yet?" People used to turn their heads to look at it, poor girl!" "Bathsheba, don't be so fitful and jealous. "'Twas the meeting with her that reminded me of the hair." the independent and spirited Bathsheba is come to this!" Troy said, snappishly, rising as he did so, and leaving the room. The next morning she rose earlier than usual, and had the horse saddled for her ride round the farm in the customary way. She saw coming up the road a man like Mr. Boldwood. The farmer stopped when still a long way off, and held up his hand to Gabriel Oak, who was in a footpath across the field. The two men then approached each other and seemed to engage in earnest conversation. He set down his barrow, and, putting upon himself the refined aspect that a conversation with a lady required, spoke to Bathsheba over the gate. "Why?" She belongs by law to our parish; and Mr. Boldwood is going to send a waggon at three this afternoon to fetch her home here and bury her." Fanny was my uncle's servant, and, although I only knew her for a couple of days, she belongs to me. "Died of what? "Did anything seem upon his mind whilst he was speaking to you about this?" In the same regiment as Mr. Troy. He says he knew him very well." Troy says so? How came he to say that?" said Bathsheba, with the nervous petulance that comes from worrying perceptions.
One of the men then stepped up beside it, took from his pocket a lump of chalk, and wrote upon the cover the name and a few other words in a large scrawling hand. He felt anything but cheerful, and wished he had the company even of a child or dog. It was near this tree that the waggon was standing into which Gabriel Oak crept on his first journey to Weatherbury; but, owing to the darkness, the sign and the inn had been unobserved. His spirits were oozing out of him quite. Going down into the kitchen of the inn, the floor of which was a step below the passage, which in its turn was a step below the road outside, what should Joseph see to gladden his eyes but two copper-coloured discs, in the form of the countenances of Mr. Jan Coggan and Mr. Mark Clark. "Why, 'tis neighbour Poorgrass!" "And to speak the truth, 'twas beginning to tell upon me. Joseph drank for a moderately long time, then for a longer time, saying, as he lowered the jug, "'Tis pretty drinking--very pretty drinking, and is more than cheerful on my melancholy errand, so to speak it." "Back to Weatherbury. That I do." "No, Shepherd Oak, no! "It always comes on when I have been in a public-house a little time," said Joseph Poorgrass, meekly. Gabriel recognized the voice as that of the parson. I am afraid it is too late now for the funeral to be performed with proper decency. "I expect Poorgrass has that; and he's at the Buck's Head. I forgot to ask him for it." Every one except Gabriel Oak then left the room. He still indecisively lingered beside the body. The scrawl was this simple one, "FANNY ROBIN AND CHILD." Gabriel took his handkerchief and carefully rubbed out the two latter words, leaving visible the inscription "FANNY ROBIN" only.
You go to bed. "It isn't worth while--there's a fire here, Liddy." It is about Fanny. "And there's only one name written on the coffin-cover." Bathsheba turned and looked into the fire, that Liddy might not see her face. The meeting with the lonely woman on the previous Saturday night had been unwitnessed and unspoken of. Where could she find such a friend? nowhere in the house. Oak knew all about Fanny that he wished to know--she felt convinced of that. She flung a cloak round her, went to the door and opened it. Alas for her resolve! She felt she could not do it. With a swollen heart she went again up the lane, and entered her own door. A few moments passed, and she added, slowly, "AND I WILL." She went to the lumber-closet for a screw-driver. she said, and the silent room added length to her moan. Bathsheba became at this moment so terrified at her own state of mind that she looked around for some sort of refuge from herself. Gabriel had prayed; so would she. She knelt beside the coffin, covered her face with her hands, and for a time the room was silent as a tomb. In her desire to make atonement she took flowers from a vase by the window, and began laying them around the dead girl's head. A slamming together of the coach-house doors in the yard brought her to herself again. An instant after, the front door opened and closed, steps crossed the hall, and her husband appeared at the entrance to the room, looking in upon her. Bathsheba, pallid as a corpse on end, gazed back at him in the same wild way. So little are instinctive guesses the fruit of a legitimate induction that, at this moment, as he stood with the door in his hand, Troy never once thought of Fanny in connection with what he saw. said Bathsheba, to herself more than to him. "What's the matter, in God's name? who's dead?" said Troy. she continued. So still he remained that he could be imagined to have left in him no motive power whatever. But this was the mood of a few instants only. When the momentary surprise had passed, his expression changed to a silencing imperious gaze. "And that this woman is your victim; and I not less than she." Would to God that I had; but it is all too late!" He turned to Fanny then. She waited not an instant, but turned to the door and ran out.
  UNDER A TREE--REACTION   Bathsheba went along the dark road, neither knowing nor caring about the direction or issue of her flight. The first time that she definitely noticed her position was when she reached a gate leading into a thicket overhung by some large oak and beech trees. She mechanically pulled some armfuls round her to keep off the breezes, and closed her eyes. Next: "Chee-weeze-weeze-weeze!" She looked further around. "Oh, Liddy!" Bathsheba never forgot that transient little picture of Liddy crossing the swamp to her there in the morning light. Liddy, don't question me, mind. Suppose we walk about in this wood?" "But you had better come in, ma'am, and have something to eat. "If you will, Liddy." said Bathsheba. She interrupted with--  "I wonder if Fanny is gone by this time?" It is only women with no pride in them who run away from their husbands. There is one position worse than that of being found dead in your husband's house from his ill usage, and that is, to be found alive through having gone away to the house of somebody else. No Liddy, I'll read. All that day Bathsheba and Liddy lived in the attic in a state of barricade; a precaution which proved to be needless as against Troy, for he did not appear in the neighbourhood or trouble them at all. Bathsheba inquired, the next time that Liddy entered the room. "The lads went to see whose it was." "Do you know?" Bathsheba asked.
  TROY'S ROMANTICISM   When Troy's wife had left the house at the previous midnight his first act was to cover the dead from sight. Twenty pounds having been secured from Bathsheba, he had managed to add to the sum every farthing he could muster on his own account, which had been seven pounds ten. But Fanny's image, as it had appeared to him in the sombre shadows of that Saturday evening, returned to his mind, backed up by Bathsheba's reproaches. He regretted that he had not remained in Casterbridge and made inquiries. His walk was towards the churchyard, entering which he searched around till he found a newly dug unoccupied grave--the grave dug the day before for Fanny. "I want a good tomb," he said to the man who stood in a little office within the yard. It was all the money he possessed. Cutting the name, carriage to Weatherbury, and erection. And I want it now, at once." "We could not get anything special worked this week." Troy deposited his basket beside the tomb, and vanished for a few minutes. He felt a large drop of rain upon the back of his hand, and presently one came and entered one of the holes of the lantern, whereupon the candle sputtered and went out.
All the eight were different from each other. Of the two on this latter face, only that at the south-eastern corner concerns the story. Troy slept on in the porch, and the rain increased outside. He picked it up--surely it could not be one of the primroses he had planted? This very morning the illusion completed its disappearance, and, as it were, all of a sudden, Troy hated himself. Liddy knocked at eight o'clock, and Bathsheba un-locked the door. "What a heavy rain we've had in the night, ma'am!" I've been thinking it must have been the water from the tower spouts." He's now gone on to see." Gabriel has been here this morning!" But the tower spouts used to spatter on the stones, and we are puzzled, for this was like the boiling of a pot." "Not that I know of," said Bathsheba. "Has Mr. Troy been in to-night?" Budmouth! "What makes you think he has gone there?" Bathsheba was momentarily relieved of that wayward heaviness of the past twenty-four hours which had quenched the vitality of youth in her without substituting the philosophy of maturer years, and she resolved to go out and walk a little way. Knowing that Fanny had been laid in the reprobates' quarter of the graveyard, called in the parish "behind church," which was invisible from the road, it was impossible to resist the impulse to enter and look upon a spot which, from nameless feelings, she at the same time dreaded to see. Then her eye followed Oak's, and she read the words with which the inscription opened:--        ERECTED BY FRANCIS TROY       IN BELOVED MEMORY OF            FANNY ROBIN   Oak saw her, and his first act was to gaze inquiringly and learn how she received this knowledge of the authorship of the work, which to himself had caused considerable astonishment.
  ADVENTURES BY THE SHORE   Troy wandered along towards the south. He descended and came to a small basin of sea enclosed by the cliffs. He undressed and plunged in. Inside the cove the water was uninteresting to a swimmer, being smooth as a pond, and to get a little of the ocean swell, Troy presently swam between the two projecting spurs of rock which formed the pillars of Hercules to this miniature Mediterranean. Troy found himself carried to the left and then round in a swoop out to sea. Swimming with his right arm, he held up his left to hail them, splashing upon the waves, and shouting with all his might. Backing their oars and putting the boat about, they pulled towards him with a will, and in five or six minutes from the time of his first halloo, two of the sailors hauled him in over the stern.
The first Saturday after Troy's departure she went to Casterbridge alone, a journey she had not before taken since her marriage. Troy. Is that she there?" Her husband is drowned." Then she said and heard no more. A gloomy man, who had been observing her from under the portico of the old corn-exchange when she passed through the group without, stepped quickly to her side at the moment of her exclamation, and caught her in his arms as she sank down. Remembering all that had occurred, she murmured, "I want to go home!" For those few heavenly, golden moments she had been in his arms. Liddy met her on the landing. She entered her bedroom and sat by the window, and thought and thought till night enveloped her, and the extreme lines only of her shape were visible. "Well, what is it, Liddy?" she said. "Mourning." "How do you know that?" I am perfectly convinced that he is still alive!" It was so evident to her in the midst of her agitation that Troy had undressed in the full conviction of dressing again almost immediately, that the notion that anything but death could have prevented him was a perverse one to entertain. Suppose that Troy had followed Fanny into another world. Had he done this intentionally, yet contrived to make his death appear like an accident? "He was hers and she was his; they should be gone together," she said. She took it in her hand, and held it over the fire.
What he would try to recognize was that the severe schooling she had been subjected to had made Bathsheba much more considerate than she had formerly been of the feelings of others, and he trusted that, should she be willing at any time in the future to marry any man at all, that man would be himself. This occurred in the middle of the haymaking, and Boldwood contrived to be near Liddy, who was assisting in the fields. "And cheerful, I suppose." I merely said she was cheerful." Troy's going and all. And if she were to marry again I expect I should bide with her." "No--she doesn't promise it exactly. When she alludes to the possibility of marrying again, you conclude--"  "She never do allude to it, sir," said Liddy, thinking how very stupid Mr. Boldwood was getting. Troy's coming back and claiming her." "Not I," said Boldwood, growing red. I am now going on a little farther. He went away vexed with himself, and ashamed of having for this one time in his life done anything which could be called underhand. But he had, after all, lighted upon one fact by way of repayment. There was something definite in that hope, for admitting that there might have been no deep thought in her words to Liddy about marriage, they showed at least her creed on the matter. Six years were a long time, but how much shorter than never, the idea he had for so long been obliged to endure!
The great mass of sheep in the fair consisted of South Downs and the old Wessex horned breeds; to the latter class Bathsheba's and Farmer Boldwood's mainly belonged. As the day drew on, the flocks began to change hands, lightening the shepherd's responsibilities; and they turned their attention to this tent and inquired of a man at work there, whose soul seemed concentrated on tying a bothering knot in no time, what was going on. One of these, alloted to the male performers, was partitioned into halves by a cloth; and in one of the divisions there was sitting on the grass, pulling on a pair of jack-boots, a young man whom we instantly recognise as Sergeant Troy. A few months were sufficient to give him a distaste for this kind of life. There was ever present, too, the idea that he could claim a home and its comforts did he but chose to return to England and Weatherbury Farm. At this time--the July preceding the September in which we find at Greenhill Fair--he fell in with a travelling circus which was performing in the outskirts of a northern town. "I hope the sheep have done well to-day, Mrs. Troy?" "Never. How they shout!" Troy? Please excuse my mistake, if it is one; but if you would like to, I'll get a seat for you with pleasure." Perceiving that she hesitated, he added, "I myself shall not stay to see it: I've seen it before." Now Bathsheba did care a little to see the show, and had only withheld her feet from the ladder because she feared to go in alone. And so a short time after this Bathsheba appeared in the tent with Boldwood at her elbow, who, taking her to a "reserved" seat, again withdrew. He started back in utter confusion, for although his disguise effectually concealed his personality, he instantly felt that she would be sure to recognize his voice. But here was Bathsheba in her own person; and the reality of the scene was so much intenser than any of his prefigurings that he felt he had not half enough considered the point. Should he go on, and care nothing? He could not bring himself to do that. said Troy. What's to be done?" "Do you give out that Turpin has got a bad cold, and can't speak his part, but that he'll perform it just the same without speaking." Troy hastily shifted his position, after having recognized in the scrutineer the knavish bailiff Pennyways, his wife's sworn enemy, who still hung about the outskirts of Weatherbury. In this dilemma Troy at once went out to reconnoitre. It occurred to him that to find Pennyways, and make a friend of him if possible, would be a very wise act. Troy thereupon retreated, went round the tent into the darkness, and listened. He could hear Bathsheba's voice immediately inside the canvas; she was conversing with a man. Troy took in the scene completely now. said Farmer Boldwood. "Thank you," said Bathsheba. She took out her purse and was insisting to Boldwood on paying for her tea for herself, when at this moment Pennyways entered the tent. He was about to leave his hole of espial, attempt to follow Pennyways, and find out if the ex-bailiff had recognized him, when he was arrested by the conversation, and found he was too late. From the words and action of Pennyways, Troy, though he had not been able to see what the ex-bailiff wrote, had not a moment's doubt that the note referred to him. Meanwhile Boldwood said, taking up the note from her lap--  "Don't you wish to read it, Mrs. Troy? He's always doing that." Bathsheba held the note in her right hand. The moment had come for saving his game, and Troy impulsively felt that he would play the card. His object was now to get to Pennyways, and prevent a repetition of the announcement until such time as he should choose.
But Oak had found himself so occupied, and was full of so many cares relative to those portions of Boldwood's flocks that were not disposed of, that Bathsheba, without telling Oak or anybody, resolved to drive home herself, as she had many times done from Casterbridge Market, and trust to her good angel for performing the journey unmolested. But having fallen in with Farmer Boldwood accidentally (on her part at least) at the refreshment-tent, she found it impossible to refuse his offer to ride on horseback beside her as escort. It had grown twilight before she was aware, but Boldwood assured her that there was no cause for uneasiness, as the moon would be up in half-an-hour. A man saw him drowning, too. Boldwood ended the pause. "No indeed! His tone was so excited that she almost feared him at this moment, even whilst she sympathized. "But soon is perhaps never?" "Christmas!" It is hardly too much to say that she felt coerced by a force stronger than her own will, not only into the act of promising upon this singularly remote and vague matter, but into the emotion of fancying that she ought to promise. One day she was led by an accident into an oddly confidential dialogue with Gabriel about her difficulty. And six years--why we may all be in our graves by that time, even if Mr. "That I'm willing to pay the penalty of," said Bathsheba, firmly. If I had never played a trick upon him, he would never have wanted to marry me. Boldwood?" "And on love--"  "My own." Oak." went away. She had spoken frankly, and neither asked nor expected any reply from Gabriel more satisfactory than that she had obtained. Oak had not once wished her free that he might marry her himself--had not once said, "I could wait for you as well as he." That was the insect sting. Not that she would have listened to any such hypothesis.
CONVERGING COURSES   Christmas-eve came, and a party that Boldwood was to give in the evening was the great subject of talk in Weatherbury. I can't explain any more--there's     no more to be explained. "No, Liddy. "Is it necessary? Boldwood was dressing also at this hour. A tailor from Casterbridge     was with him, assisting him in the operation of trying on a new coat     that had just been brought home. Never had Boldwood been so fastidious, unreasonable about the fit,     and generally difficult to please. Boldwood at last     expressed himself nearly satisfied, and paid the bill, the tailor     passing out of the door just as Oak came in to report progress for     the day. "Oh, Oak," said Boldwood. Boldwood approached Gabriel, and as Oak tied the neckerchief the     farmer went on feverishly--      "Does a woman keep her promise, Gabriel?" "Oak, don't talk like that. he said, with impatience. "It seems long in a forward view. "Deceived? said Boldwood, vehemently. Bathsheba is a woman to her word." Troy was sitting in a corner of The White Hart tavern at     Casterbridge, smoking and drinking a steaming mixture from a glass. A knock was given at the door, and Pennyways entered. Troy inquired, pointing to a chair. "Boldwood?" Well done, Pennyways," Troy had laughed, but it was with     some anxiety that he said, "Now, what I want to know is this, do you     think there's really anything going on between her and Boldwood? Have you found out whether she has encouraged him?" This is the first time she     has ever gone there, they say. And they say that she've not so much     as spoke to him since they were at Greenhill Fair: but what can folk     believe o't? "I'm not so sure of that....  She's a handsome woman, Pennyways, is     she not? Oak is head man still, isn't he?" And at Little Weatherbury Farm too. He manages     everything." She can't do without him, and knowing it     well he's pretty independent. But     all this wants looking into, I perceive. "How do I look to-night, Liddy?" said Bathsheba, giving a final     adjustment to her dress before leaving the glass. Troy." "No marrying for me yet for many a year; if ever, 'twill be for     reasons very, very different from those you think, or others will     believe! Oak, I have learnt a little     about your secret: your interest in her is more than that of bailiff     for an employer. Oak then left him. He was uneasy on Boldwood's account, for he saw     anew that this constant passion of the farmer made him not the man     he once had been. As Boldwood continued awhile in his room alone--ready and dressed to     receive his company--the mood of anxiety about his appearance seemed     to pass away, and to be succeeded by a deep solemnity. Boldwood closed the box, stowed it away carefully in his pocket, and     went out upon the landing. Troy?" said Troy to Pennyways. he said. 'Tis a very queer corner that you have got     into, sergeant. said Troy, angrily. "Pennyways, mind who you are talking to." Well,     what is there besides? Pennyways now felt himself to be in something of a difficulty, for     should Bathsheba and Troy become reconciled it would be necessary     to regain her good opinion if he would secure the patronage of her     husband.
"He was seen in Casterbridge this afternoon--so the boy said," one of them remarked in a whisper. "You may depend upon't that she knows nothing about it." Going in?" Laban Tall named a hint of it to me but now--but I don't think it. "'Tis master," one of the men whispered, as he neared them. They heard low words come from him. He said this to himself, and they all distinctly heard it. "I thought that fancy of his was over long ago." And now I've no heart to go in. Samway, Tall, and Smallbury agreed to go to Warren's, and went out at the gate, the remaining ones entering the house. See there." Troy's face was almost close to the pane, and he was looking in. Not only was he looking in, but he appeared to have been arrested by a conversation which was in progress in the malt-house, the voices of the interlocutors being those of Oak and the maltster. Laban, you know her best--you'd better go and ask to speak to her." "They were all in such a stir, trying to put a little spirit into the party. And I don't at all know what is right to do in my difficult position, and I have nobody to advise me. "But surely you will name the time, or there's nothing in the promise at all?" she exclaimed, on seeing what he held; "besides, I wouldn't have a soul know that it's an engagement! And Boldwood slipped the ring on her finger. He left the room, and when he thought she might be sufficiently composed sent one of the maids to her. To get to the door it was necessary to pass through the hall, and before doing so she paused on the bottom of the staircase which descended into one corner, to take a last look at the gathering. "News? "If you have anything to say, speak out; if not, get up another dance." There was a smart rapping at the door. "A stranger?" "Ask him to come in," said Boldwood. Those who had just learnt that he was in the neighbourhood recognized him instantly; those who did not were perplexed. Even then Boldwood did not recognize that the impersonator of Heaven's persistent irony towards him, who had once before broken in upon his bliss, scourged him, and snatched his delight away, had come to do these things a second time. Troy turned to Bathsheba. "Come home with me: come!" In bewilderment they turned their eyes to Boldwood. At his back, as stood before the fireplace, was a gun-rack, as is usual in farmhouses, constructed to hold two guns. Boldwood was seen through the smoke to be now again engaged with the gun. Boldwood gasped. Then he broke from Samway, crossed the room to Bathsheba, and kissed her hand.
AFTER THE SHOCK   Boldwood passed into the high road and turned in the direction of Casterbridge. "Ride to Casterbridge instantly for a surgeon. The miles necessary to be traversed, and other hindrances incidental to the lateness of the hour and the darkness of the night, delayed the arrival of Mr. Aldritch, the surgeon; and more than three hours passed between the time at which the shot was fired and that of his entering the house. Oak was additionally detained in Casterbridge through having to give notice to the authorities of what had happened; and he then found that Boldwood had also entered the town, and delivered himself up. He went on to the back of the house, where he discovered in the kitchen an old man, of whom he made inquiries. "Who has?" said the doctor. Troy. This was astonishing information. "She had no right to do that," said the doctor. But she said law was nothing to her, and she wouldn't let her dear husband's corpse bide neglected for folks to stare at for all the crowners in England." "What has been done?"
"Well, I hope for the best," said Coggan, "though bad that must be. But I don't like dwelling upon it, for my few words are my few words, and not much; though the speech of some men is rumoured abroad as though by nature formed for such." There were several sets of ladies' dresses in the piece, of sundry expensive materials; silks and satins, poplins and velvets, all of colours which from Bathsheba's style of dress might have been judged to be her favourites. They were all carefully packed in paper, and each package was labelled "Bathsheba Boldwood," a date being subjoined six years in advance in every instance. A petition was addressed to the Home Secretary, advancing the circumstances which appeared to justify a request for a reconsideration of the sentence. Has there been any change in mistress this afternoon?" "Is she downstairs?" So Laban--Laban is here, isn't he?" "We shall soon know now, one way or other." said Coggan, with a swelling heart.
As the summer drew on she passed more of her time in the open air, and began to examine into farming matters from sheer necessity, though she never rode out or personally superintended as at former times. When she reached a little shop at the other end of the place, which stood nearly opposite to the churchyard, Bathsheba heard singing inside the church, and she knew that the singers were practising. Her stealthy walk was to the nook wherein Troy had worked at planting flowers upon Fanny Robin's grave, and she came to the marble tombstone. Once that she had begun to cry for she hardly knew what, she could not leave off for crowding thoughts she knew too well. But he feared to bring distressing memories back, and interrupted himself with: "Were you going into church?" "No," she said. "Yes. Gabriel murmured when he saw the date. Oak walked after her. "I wanted to name a small matter to you as soon as I could," he said, with hesitation. "Leaving England!" Oh, Gabriel, I don't think you ought to go away. "And it is because of that very helplessness that I feel bound to go. Whenever he wanted directions he sent a message, or note with neither heading nor signature, to which she was obliged to reply in the same offhand style. Poor Bathsheba began to suffer now from the most torturing sting of all--a sensation that she was despised. There he was, as usual, coming down the path behind her. It was a formal notice by letter from him that he should not renew his engagement with her for the following Lady-day. She tapped nervously, and then thought it doubtful if it were right for a single woman to call upon a bachelor who lived alone, although he was her manager, and she might be supposed to call on business without any real impropriety. "Yes; I am Mr. Oak," said Gabriel. she said, in pathetic tones. "Well, no. Here's a chair, and there's one, too. As if you could do that, Bathsheba!" said Bathsheba, in surprise. "It is nothing that you have done, this time. "All." "And quite right too," said Oak. He accompanied her up the hill, explaining to her the details of his forthcoming tenure of the other farm.
A FOGGY NIGHT AND MORNING--CONCLUSION   "The most private, secret, plainest wedding that it is possible to have." It seemed rather ungenerous not to tell Coggan, under the circumstances, for Coggan had been true as steel all through the time of Gabriel's unhappiness about Bathsheba, and Gabriel said, "You can keep a secret, Coggan?" Well, then, mistress and I mean to get married to-morrow morning." But keeping it so close! "I wanted to have a word with Laban." "Tell her." said the bewildered Liddy. "And it isn't six yet." The two sat down very quietly to tea in Bathsheba's parlour in the evening of the same day, for it had been arranged that Farmer Oak should go there to live, since he had as yet neither money, house, nor furniture worthy of the name, though he was on a sure way towards them, whilst Bathsheba was, comparatively, in a plethora of all three. The performers came forward, and marched up to the front. "That improvement will come wi' time," said Jan, twirling his eye.
The field he was in this morning sloped to a ridge called Norcombe Hill. The waggon was laden with household goods and window plants, and on the apex of the whole sat a woman, young and attractive. The picture was a delicate one. She simply observed herself as a fair product of Nature in the feminine kind, her thoughts seeming to glide into far-off though likely dramas in which men would play a part--vistas of probable triumphs--the smiles being of a phase suggesting that hearts were imagined as lost and won. She put the glass in the paper, and the whole again into its place. When the waggon had passed on, Gabriel withdrew from his point of espial, and descending into the road, followed the vehicle to the turnpike-gate some way beyond the bottom of the hill, where the object of his contemplation now halted for the payment of toll. It was a difference concerning twopence between the persons with the waggon and the man at the toll-bar. She might have looked her thanks to Gabriel on a minute scale, but she did not speak them; more probably she felt none, for in gaining her a passage he had lost her her point, and we know how women take a favour of that kind. The gatekeeper surveyed the retreating vehicle. "But she has her faults," said Gabriel. "And the greatest of them is--well, what it is always."
The instinctive act of humankind was to stand and listen, and learn how the trees on the right and the trees on the left wailed or chaunted to each other in the regular antiphonies of a cathedral choir; how hedges and other shapes to leeward then caught the note, lowering it to the tenderest sob; and how the hurrying gust then plunged into the south, to be heard no more. The hut stood on little wheels, which raised its floor about a foot from the ground. Such shepherds' huts are dragged into the fields when the lambing season comes on, to shelter the shepherd in his enforced nightly attendance. This venture, unaided and alone, into the paths of farming as master and not as man, with an advance of sheep not yet paid for, was a critical juncture with Gabriel Oak, and he recognised his position clearly. The little speck of life he placed on a wisp of hay before the small stove, where a can of milk was simmering. The house was ventilated by two round holes, like the lights of a ship's cabin, with wood slides. The lamb, revived by the warmth began to bleat, and the sound entered Gabriel's ears and brain with an instant meaning, as expected sounds will. Passing from the profoundest sleep to the most alert wakefulness with the same ease that had accompanied the reverse operation, he looked at his watch, found that the hour-hand had shifted again, put on his hat, took the lamb in his arms, and carried it into the darkness. Through crevices in the roof and side spread streaks and dots of light, a combination of which made the radiance that had attracted him. "I wish we were rich enough to pay a man to do these things," she said. "I can ride on the other: trust me." They placed the calf beside its mother again, took up the lantern, and went out, the light sinking down the hill till it was no more than a nebula.
Gabriel instantly thought of the hat she had mentioned as having lost in the wind; possibly she had come to look for it. Gabriel took it in his hand and returned to his hut. She came up and looked around--then on the other side of the hedge. The tall lank pony seemed used to such doings, and ambled along unconcerned. Thus she passed under the level boughs. On nearing the cattle-shed she was met by a boy bringing a milking-pail, who held the reins of the pony whilst she slid off. The boy led away the horse, leaving the pail with the young woman. "I found a hat," said Oak. "A large farm?" "No; not large. "I had to ride to Tewnell Mill." Recollection of the strange antics she had indulged in when passing through the trees was succeeded in the girl by a nettled palpitation, and that by a hot face. She had gone away. With an air between that of Tragedy and Comedy Gabriel returned to his work. Five mornings and evenings passed. He sat down. He fell asleep, however, without having performed the necessary preliminary. "Ah, the hut!" He was endeavouring to catch and appreciate the sensation of being thus with her, his head upon her dress, before the event passed on into the heap of bygone things. "Oh, never mind that," said the girl, smiling, and allowing her smile to hold good for Gabriel's next remark, whatever that might prove to be. Gabriel said, in a low voice, which was rather meant to travel back to himself than to her. the girl replied. She gave him her hand again. "But I suppose you are thinking you would like to kiss it? She snatched back her hand.
This well-favoured and comely girl soon made appreciable inroads upon the emotional constitution of young Farmer Oak. By making inquiries he found that the girl's name was Bathsheba Everdene, and that the cow would go dry in about seven days. He dreaded the eighth day. At last the eighth day came. Oak began now to see light in this direction, and said to himself, "I'll make her my wife, or upon my soul I shall be good for nothing!" "I beg your pardon," said Oak to the voice, "but George was walking on behind me with a temper as mild as milk." Nobody appeared, and he heard the person retreat among the bushes. Because if she would, I should be very glad to marry her. "I'm only an every-day sort of man, and my only chance was in being the first comer ... Well, there's no use in my waiting, for that was all I came about: so I'll take myself off home-along, Mrs. Hurst." "Really and truly I am glad to hear that!" said Farmer Oak, smiling one of his long special smiles, and blushing with gladness. Do, Bathsheba. "I have tried hard all the time I've been thinking; for a marriage would be very nice in one sense. People would talk about me, and think I had won my battle, and I should feel triumphant, and all that, But a husband--"  "Well!" You'd get to despise me." "I shall do one thing in this life--one thing certain--that is, love you, and long for you, and KEEP WANTING YOU till I die." he naively said. "Then I'll ask you no more."
  DEPARTURE OF BATHSHEBA--A PASTORAL TRAGEDY   The news which one day reached Gabriel, that Bathsheba Everdene had left the neighbourhood, had an influence upon him which might have surprised any who never suspected that the more emphatic the renunciation the less absolute its character. It appeared that she had gone to a place called Weatherbury, more than twenty miles off, but in what capacity--whether as a visitor, or permanently, he could not discover. Gabriel had two dogs. The young dog, George's son, might possibly have been the image of his mother, for there was not much resemblance between him and George. Thus much for the dogs. The narrow opening left, which was immediately over the brow of the pit, was protected by a rough railing. It was a still, moist night. The experienced ear of Oak knew the sound he now heard to be caused by the running of the flock with great velocity. Oak looked over the precipice. The ewes lay dead and dying at its foot--a heap of two hundred mangled carcasses, representing in their condition just now at least two hundred more. His first feeling now was one of pity for the untimely fate of these gentle ewes and their unborn lambs. It was a second to remember another phase of the matter. Oak found that the value of stock, plant, and implements which were really his own would be about sufficient to pay his debts, leaving himself a free man with the clothes he stood up in, and nothing more.
We are brought on to a day in February, on which was held the yearly statute or hiring fair in the county-town of Casterbridge. Among these, carters and waggoners were distinguished by having a piece of whip-cord twisted round their hats; thatchers wore a fragment of woven straw; shepherds held their sheep-crooks in their hands; and thus the situation required was known to the hirers at a glance. In the crowd was an athletic young fellow of somewhat superior appearance to the rest--in fact, his superiority was marked enough to lead several ruddy peasants standing by to speak to him inquiringly, as to a farmer, and to use "Sir" as a finishing word. His answer always was,--  "I am looking for a place myself--a bailiff's. As the end of the day drew on, and he found himself not hired, Gabriel almost wished that he had joined them, and gone off to serve his country. He then went to a ready-made clothes' shop, the owner of which had a large rural connection. As the crook had absorbed most of Gabriel's money, he attempted, and carried out, an exchange of his overcoat for a shepherd's regulation smock-frock. Now that Oak had turned himself into a shepherd, it seemed that bailiffs were most in demand. The inquiring farmer would edge away and shake his head dubiously. Here was an opportunity for putting his dearly bought wisdom into practice. By making inquiries he learnt that there was another fair at Shottsford the next day. Weatherbury! Gabriel soon found that this was the waggoner, and it appeared they had come from Casterbridge fair, like himself. There were, however, no grounds for retaining such a supposition, for the waggon, though going in the direction of Weatherbury, might be going beyond it, and the woman alluded to seemed to be the mistress of some estate. They were now apparently close upon Weatherbury and not to alarm the speakers unnecessarily, Gabriel slipped out of the waggon unseen. A rick-yard was the source of the fire. cried Gabriel to those nearest to him. These two seemed to keep at a distance from the fire, that the horse might not become restive. "Don't any of the others know?" said the second woman, passing on the question to the nearest man in that direction. He lifted his hat with respect, and not without gallantry: stepping close to her hanging feet he said in a hesitating voice,--  "Do you happen to want a shepherd, ma'am?"
She scarcely knew whether most to be amused at the singularity of the meeting, or to be concerned at its awkwardness. "The man, truly!" "Then will you tell him to speak to the bailiff," said Bathsheba. inquired Gabriel. "I'll thank you to tell me if I'm in the way for Warren's Malthouse?" "I don't know where the Buck's Head is, or anything about it. she said, timorously. "Only a shepherd--and you seem almost a farmer by your ways." Then she was silent and shivered. It is only a shilling, but it is all I have to spare." She extended her hand; Gabriel his. He fancied that he had felt himself in the penumbra of a very deep sadness when touching that slight and fragile creature.
  THE MALTHOUSE--THE CHAT--NEWS   Warren's Malthouse was enclosed by an old wall inwrapped with ivy, and though not much of the exterior was visible at this hour, the character and purposes of the building were clearly enough shown by its outline upon the sky. This lifted a wooden latch, and the door swung open. The stone-flag floor was worn into a path from the doorway to the kiln, and into undulations everywhere. A curved settle of unplaned oak stretched along one side, and in a remote corner was a small bed and bedstead, the owner and frequent occupier of which was the maltster. "My father and my grandfather were old men of the name of Gabriel," said the shepherd, placidly. "And her too!" "Likewise knowed yer father when he was a child. "Take up the God-forgive-me, Jacob. "A clane cup for the shepherd," said the maltster commandingly. "No--not at all," said Gabriel, in a reproving tone of considerateness. Taking the mug he drank an inch or more from the depth of its contents, and duly passed it to the next man. As I take it, she's going to keep on the farm. "And did any of you know Miss Everdene's father and mother?" "He admired her so much that he used to light the candle three times a night to look at her." And he became a very celebrated bankrupt two or three times." Yes, he was a very Christian man." Gabriel thought fit to change the subject. "Ay that I should," said Gabriel with the heartiness of a man who had longed to hear it for several months. Then Gabriel arose and went off with Jan Coggan, who had offered him a lodging. A few minutes later, when the remaining ones were on their legs and about to depart, Fray came back again in a hurry. The news is, that after Miss Everdene got home she went out again to see all was safe, as she usually do, and coming in found Baily Pennyways creeping down the granary steps with half a a bushel of barley. "To-morrow morning I wish two or three of you to make inquiries in the villages round if they have seen such a person as Fanny Robin. Hers lives in Casterbridge, and I believe he's a soldier." Bathsheba said. _The Young Man's Best Companion_, _The Farrier's Sure Guide_, _The Veterinary Surgeon_, _Paradise Lost_, _The Pilgrim's Progress_, _Robinson Crusoe_, Ash's _Dictionary_, and Walkingame's _Arithmetic_, constituted his library; and though a limited series, it was one from which he had acquired more sound information by diligent perusal than many a man of opportunities has done from a furlong of laden shelves.
  THE HOMESTEAD--A VISITOR--HALF-CONFIDENCES   By daylight, the bower of Oak's new-found mistress, Bathsheba Everdene, presented itself as a hoary building, of the early stage of Classic Renaissance as regards its architecture, and of a proportion which told at a glance that, as is so frequently the case, it had once been the memorial hall upon a small estate around it, now altogether effaced as a distinct property, and merged in the vast tract of a non-resident landlord, which comprised several such modest demesnes. Liddy, the maltster's great-granddaughter, was about Bathsheba's equal in age, and her face was a prominent advertisement of the light-hearted English country girl. The tramp of a horse was apparent, approaching the front of the building. "To ride up the footpath like that! 'Tis a gentleman! "Why doesn't Mrs. Coggan go to the door?" Mrs. Coggan went downstairs, and returned the answer as requested, adding, however, on her own responsibility, "Miss is dusting bottles, sir, and is quite a object--that's why 'tis." said Bathsheba. He's a very kind man that way, but Lord--there!" "Never was such a hopeless man for a woman! He gave it to me for opening the gate." But what between the poor men I won't have, and the rich men who won't have me, I stand as a pelican in the wilderness!" "Did anybody ever want to marry you miss?" "A man wanted to once," she said, in a highly experienced tone, and the image of Gabriel Oak, as the farmer, rose before her. "He wasn't quite good enough for me."
She sat down at a table and opened the time-book, pen in her hand, with a canvas money-bag beside her. Liddy chose a position at her elbow and began to sew, sometimes pausing and looking round, or, with the air of a privileged person, taking up one of the half-sovereigns lying before her and surveying it merely as a work of art, while strictly preventing her countenance from expressing any wish to possess it as money. The men breathed an audible breath of amazement. "The next matter is, have you heard anything of Fanny?" "What do you do on the farm?" continued Bathsheba. Bathsheba asked. The names remaining were called in the same manner. "No, ma'am." "Very well then, Cainey Ball to be under-shepherd. "Here's Billy Smallbury come from Casterbridge." "And what's the news?" Gabriel had listened with interest. I believe he was higher in rank than a private." I don't yet know my powers or my talents in farming; but I shall do my best, and if you serve me well, so shall I serve you. In short, I shall astonish you all."
The scene was a public path, bordered on the left hand by a river, behind which rose a high wall. The figure was stooping. It smacked against the wall at a point several yards from its mark. The throw was the idea of a man conjoined with the execution of a woman. No man who had ever seen bird, rabbit, or squirrel in his childhood, could possibly have thrown with such utter imbecility as was shown here. At last one fragment struck the fifth window. The window was struck again in the same manner. "Your wife, Fanny Robin." I don't like to come to the Barracks. And the noise was again heard of a window closing.
  FARMERS--A RULE--AN EXCEPTION   The first public evidence of Bathsheba's decision to be a farmer in her own person and by proxy no more was her appearance the following market-day in the cornmarket at Casterbridge. She was prettily and even daintily dressed. She moved between them as a chaise between carts, was heard after them as a romance after sermons, was felt among them like a breeze among furnaces. Two or three only of the farmers were personally known to Bathsheba, and to these she had made her way. Strange to say of a woman in full bloom and vigor, she always allowed her interlocutors to finish their statements before rejoining with hers. It would be ungallant to suggest that the novelty of her engagement in such an occupation had almost as much to do with the magnetism as had the beauty of her face and movements. Bathsheba was convinced that this unmoved person was not a married man. Liddy looked. "Oh, Farmer Boldwood," murmured Bathsheba, and looked at him as he outstripped them. The farmer had never turned his head once, but with eyes fixed on the most advanced point along the road, passed as unconsciously and abstractedly as if Bathsheba and her charms were thin air. she remarked. A woman jilted him, they say." I expect it is simply his nature to be so reserved."
  SORTES SANCTORUM--THE VALENTINE   It was Sunday afternoon in the farmhouse, on the thirteenth of February. Liddy, like a little brook, though shallow, was always rippling; her presence had not so much weight as to task thought, and yet enough to exercise it. The special verse in the Book of Ruth was sought out by Bathsheba, and the sublime words met her eye. They slightly thrilled and abashed her. It was Wisdom in the abstract facing Folly in the concrete. Liddy continued, adumbrating by the remark the track her thoughts had taken. Bathsheba said perforce. "Farmer Boldwood?" It is only for little Teddy Coggan. Liddy looked at the words of the seal, and read--      "MARRY ME." So very idly and unreflectingly was this deed done. Of love as a spectacle Bathsheba had a fair knowledge; but of love subjectively she knew nothing.
Here, in the quiet of Boldwood's parlour, where everything that was not grave was extraneous, and where the atmosphere was that of a Puritan Sunday lasting all the week, the letter and its dictum changed their tenor from the thoughtlessness of their origin to a deep solemnity, imbibed from their accessories now. The letter must have had an origin and a motive. When Boldwood went to bed he placed the valentine in the corner of the looking-glass. He was conscious of its presence, even when his back was turned upon it. He descended the stairs and went out towards the gate of a field to the east, leaning over which he paused and looked around. Boldwood seized it and opened it, expecting another anonymous one--so greatly are people's ideas of probability a mere sense that precedent will repeat itself. "That's the man on the hill. I'll take the letter to him myself." It was an opportunity.
The maltster, after having lain down in his clothes for a few hours, was now sitting beside a three-legged table, breakfasting of bread and bacon. He had been without them for so many years that toothlessness was felt less to be a defect than hard gums an acquisition. In the ashpit was a heap of potatoes roasting, and a boiling pipkin of charred bread, called "coffee", for the benefit of whomsoever should call, for Warren's was a sort of clubhouse, used as an alternative to the inn. Matthew Moon, Joseph Poorgrass, and other carters and waggoners followed at his heels, with great lanterns dangling from their hands, which showed that they had just come from the cart-horse stables, where they had been busily engaged since four o'clock that morning. he said. "There, 'twas to be, I suppose. The door was flung back till it kicked the wall and trembled from top to bottom with the blow. "Too many by half. "Well, to be sure!" "And you can mind the old well that used to be in the middle of the place? The gallant Mark Clark here made a peculiar and well known sound with his own. asked Oak. said Oak. "Yes, I can do a little that way," said Gabriel, as a man of medium sentiments on the subject. Joseph shook his head to express how absolute was the fact that he couldn't. Thanking you again for your kindness,              I am, your sincere well-wisher,                      FANNY ROBIN. Boldwood?" Boldwood read the letter and looked grieved. "Fanny--poor Fanny! "What sort of a man is this Sergeant Troy?" said Gabriel. Boldwood." The letter could of course be no other than anonymous, or the inquiry would not have been necessary. "The question was perfectly fair," he returned--and there was something incongruous in the serious earnestness with which he applied himself to an argument on a valentine.
  ALL SAINTS' AND ALL SOULS'   On a week-day morning a small congregation, consisting mainly of women and girls, rose from its knees in the mouldy nave of a church called All Saints', in the distant barrack-town before-mentioned, at the end of a service without a sermon. "'Tis a wedding!" murmured some of the women, brightening. "Let's wait!" The jack had struck half-past eleven. "I wonder where the woman is!" a voice whispered again. The clock ticked on. Every one was waiting for the end. The women were impressed, and there was no giggle this time. The clergyman glided into the vestry, and the clerk vanished. The expression of her face, which had been one of intense anxiety, sank at the sight of his nearly to terror. she asked blankly. "Ah, when? God knows!" he said, with a light irony, and turning from her walked rapidly away.
Adam had awakened from his deep sleep, and behold! there was Eve. The farmer took courage, and for the first time really looked at her. He furtively said to a neighbour, "Is Miss Everdene considered handsome?" Boldwood was satisfied now. She that day nearly formed the intention of begging his pardon on the very next occasion of their meeting. The worst features of this arrangement were that, if he thought she ridiculed him, an apology would increase the offence by being disbelieved; and if he thought she wanted him to woo her, it would read like additional evidence of her forwardness.
Pacing up and down at the heels of the animals was Farmer Boldwood himself. His square-framed perpendicularity showed more fully now than in the crowd and bustle of the market-house. A few clear and thread-like horizontal lines were the only interruption to the otherwise smooth surface of his large forehead. That stillness, which struck casual observers more than anything else in his character and habit, and seemed so precisely like the rest of inanition, may have been the perfect balance of enormous antagonistic forces--positives and negatives in fine adjustment. His equilibrium disturbed, he was in extremity at once. Had she known Boldwood's moods, her blame would have been fearful, and the stain upon her heart ineradicable. Farmer Boldwood came to the stable-door and looked forth across the level fields. When Bathsheba's figure shone upon the farmer's eyes it lighted him up as the moon lights up a great tower. He was still in the road, and by moving on he hoped that neither would recognize that he had originally intended to enter the field. But a resolution to avoid an evil is seldom framed till the evil is so far advanced as to make avoidance impossible.
She was not at home. The smaller human elements were kept out of sight; the pettinesses that enter so largely into all earthly living and doing were disguised by the accident of lover and loved-one not being on visiting terms; and there was hardly awakened a thought in Boldwood that sorry household realities appertained to her, or that she, like all others, had moments of commonplace, when to be least plainly seen was to be most prettily remembered. The sheep-washing pool was a perfectly circular basin of brickwork in the meadows, full of the clearest water. The meek sheep were pushed into the pool by Coggan and Matthew Moon, who stood by the lower hatch, immersed to their waists; then Gabriel, who stood on the brink, thrust them under as they swam along, with an instrument like a crutch, formed for the purpose, and also for assisting the exhausted animals when the wool became saturated and they began to sink. "The valentine again! she said to herself, but not a word to him. You are too dignified for me to suit you, sir." "No--do not hope! "I will wait," he said. And then she turned away. Boldwood dropped his gaze to the ground, and stood long like a man who did not know where he was. Realities then returned upon him like the pain of a wound received in an excitement which eclipses it, and he, too, then went on.
  PERPLEXITY--GRINDING THE SHEARS--A QUARREL   "He is so disinterested and kind to offer me all that I can desire," Bathsheba mused. Yet Farmer Boldwood, whether by nature kind or the reverse to kind, did not exercise kindness, here. The rarest offerings of the purest loves are but a self-indulgence, and no generosity at all. Besides, Bathsheba's position as absolute mistress of a farm and house was a novel one, and the novelty had not yet begun to wear off. Bathsheba's was an impulsive nature under a deliberative aspect. An Elizabeth in brain and a Mary Stuart in spirit, she often performed actions of the greatest temerity with a manner of extreme discretion. The next day to that of the declaration she found Gabriel Oak at the bottom of her garden, grinding his shears for the sheep-shearing. Cainy Ball turned the handle of Gabriel's grindstone, his head performing a melancholy see-saw up and down with each turn of the wheel. she said. Gabriel turned. "That it is unworthy of any thoughtful, and meek, and comely woman." He had not finished, either. So you'll please leave the farm at the end of the week!" "Go at once then, in Heaven's name!" said she, her eyes flashing at his, though never meeting them. "Don't let me see your face any more." And he took his shears and went away from her in placid dignity, as Moses left the presence of Pharaoh.
  TROUBLES IN THE FOLD--A MESSAGE   Gabriel Oak had ceased to feed the Weatherbury flock for about four-and-twenty hours, when on Sunday afternoon the elderly gentlemen Joseph Poorgrass, Matthew Moon, Fray, and half-a-dozen others, came running up to the house of the mistress of the Upper Farm. --And got into a field of young clover," said Tall.  " --Clover!" "And they be getting blasted," said Henery Fray. "And will all die as dead as nits, if they bain't got out and cured!" said Tall. Bathsheba went up to it. The sheep was dead. she said. Another of the flock sprang into the air, and fell dead. "And he drives me to do what I wouldn't; yes, he does!--Tall, come indoors." She held it at a distance, was about to fold it, then added these words at the bottom:--      "DO NOT DESERT ME, GABRIEL!" Gabriel looked at her. Bathsheba followed to the field. Forty-nine operations were successfully performed. Four had died; three recovered without an operation. "Gabriel, will you stay on with me?" she said, smiling winningly, and not troubling to bring her lips quite together again at the end, because there was going to be another smile soon. "I will," said Gabriel. And she smiled on him again.
Gabriel lately, for the first time since his prostration by misfortune, had been independent in thought and vigorous in action to a marked extent--conditions which, powerless without an opportunity as an opportunity without them is barren, would have given him a sure lift upwards when the favourable conjunction should have occurred. But this incurable loitering beside Bathsheba Everdene stole his time ruinously. It was the first day of June, and the sheep-shearing season culminated, the landscape, even to the leanest pasture, being all health and colour. Five decades hardly modified the cut of a gaiter, the embroidery of a smock-frock, by the breadth of a hair. Behind all was Bathsheba, carefully watching the men to see that there was no cutting or wounding through carelessness, and that the animals were shorn close. "B. E." is newly stamped upon the shorn skin, and away the simple dam leaps, panting, over the board into the shirtless flock outside. Gabriel sheared on, constrained and sad. Oak's eyes could not forsake them; and in endeavouring to continue his shearing at the same time that he watched Boldwood's manner, he snipped the sheep in the groin. "Oh, Gabriel!" Cainy Ball ran up, the wound was anointed, and the shearing continued. Take my place in the barn, Gabriel, and keep the men carefully to their work." This was mere exclamation--the froth of the storm.
  EVENTIDE--A SECOND DECLARATION   For the shearing-supper a long table was placed on the grass-plot beside the house, the end of the table being thrust over the sill of the wide parlour window and a foot or two into the room. Miss Everdene sat inside the window, facing down the table. She was thus at the head without mingling with the men. He apologized for his lateness: his arrival was evidently by arrangement. The sun went down in an ochreous mist; but they sat, and talked on, and grew as merry as the gods in Homer's heaven. Gabriel suddenly missed Farmer Boldwood from his place at the bottom of the table. After a moment's consideration Bathsheba assented, beckoning to Gabriel, who hastened up into the coveted atmosphere. Bathsheba then wished them good-night, withdrew from the window, and retired to the back part of the room, Boldwood thereupon closing the sash and the shutters, and remaining inside with her. "But you have every reason to believe that THEN--"  "I have every reason to hope that at the end of the five or six weeks, between this time and harvest, that you say you are going to be away from home, I shall be able to promise to be your wife," she said, firmly. "Good-night," she said, graciously--almost tenderly; and Boldwood withdrew with a serene smile. To have brought all this about her ears was terrible; but after a while the situation was not without a fearful joy. The facility with which even the most timid women sometimes acquire a relish for the dreadful when that is amalgamated with a little triumph, is marvellous.
Gabriel had almost constantly preceded her in this tour every evening, watching her affairs as carefully as any specially appointed officer of surveillance could have done; but this tender devotion was to a great extent unknown to his mistress, and as much as was known was somewhat thanklessly received. Women are never tired of bewailing man's fickleness in love, but they only seem to snub his constancy. As watching is best done invisibly, she usually carried a dark lantern in her hand, and every now and then turned on the light to examine nooks and corners with the coolness of a metropolitan policeman. It was certainly a rustle of footsteps. "I am a man." He was a soldier. It was immediately apparent that the military man's spur had become entangled in the gimp which decorated the skirt of her dress. Sergeant Troy. I wish it had been the knot of knots, which there's no untying!" Good-night, Liddy." It was a fatal omission of Boldwood's that he had never once told her she was beautiful.
  THE NEW ACQUAINTANCE DESCRIBED   Idiosyncrasy and vicissitude had combined to stamp Sergeant Troy as an exceptional being. He was a man to whom memories were an incumbrance, and anticipations a superfluity. Simply feeling, considering, and caring for what was before his eyes, he was vulnerable only in the present. With him the past was yesterday; the future, to-morrow; never, the day after. Sergeant Troy was one. He had been known to observe casually that in dealing with womankind the only alternative to flattery was cursing and swearing. There was no third method. "Treat them fairly, and you are a lost man." he would say. It was the gallant sergeant, who had come haymaking for pleasure; and nobody could deny that he was doing the mistress of the farm real knight-service by this voluntary contribution of his labour at a busy time.
said the sergeant, touching his diminutive cap. "I suppose I must thank you for that, Sergeant Troy," said the Queen of the Corn-market, in an indifferently grateful tone. "No. And you should take their words for it." Capitulation--that was the purport of the simple reply, guarded as it was--capitulation, unknown to herself. Never did a fragile tailless sentence convey a more perfect meaning. The careless sergeant smiled within himself, and probably too the devil smiled from a loop-hole in Tophet, for the moment was the turning-point of a career. Her tone and mien signified beyond mistake that the seed which was to lift the foundation had taken root in the chink: the remainder was a mere question of time and natural changes. "In a month." "There is no such sudden feeling in people. The sergeant looked at his watch and told her. he inquired. She did so. It's the motto of the Earls of Severn. and continued to look at her. "I did not quite mean you to accept it at first, for it was my one poor patent of nobility," he broke out, bluntly; "but, upon my soul, I wish you would now. Bathsheba could not face the haymakers now. Her heart erratically flitting hither and thither from perplexed excitement, hot, and almost tearful, she retreated homeward, murmuring, "Oh, what have I done! What does it mean! I wish I knew how much of it was true!"
  HIVING THE BEES   The Weatherbury bees were late in their swarming this year. By the time she reached the bottom Troy was there also, and he stooped to pick up the hive. I must put on the veil and gloves. He looked such an extraordinary object in this guise that, flurried as she was, she could not avoid laughing outright. It was the removal of yet another stake from the palisade of cold manners which had kept him off. He came down holding the hive at arm's length, behind which trailed a cloud of bees. "Upon my life," said Troy, through the veil, "holding up this hive makes one's arm ache worse than a week of sword-exercise." said Troy. Bathsheba hesitated. How?" But only for a very short time," she added; "a very short time." "It will not take five minutes," said Troy.
She saw a dim spot of artificial red moving round the shoulder of the rise. She reached the verge of a pit in the middle of the ferns. Troy stood in the bottom, looking up towards her. So much as a preliminary. he said. "That outer loose lock of hair wants tidying," he said, before she had moved or spoken. "Wait: I'll do it for you." An arc of silver shone on her right side: the sword had descended. The lock dropped to the ground. said Troy. The caterpillar was spitted upon its point. "More precisely speaking, you have been within half an inch of being pared alive two hundred and ninety-five times." And Troy returned the weapon to the scabbard. That minute's interval had brought the blood beating into her face, set her stinging as if aflame to the very hollows of her feet, and enlarged emotion to a compass which quite swamped thought. She felt like one who has sinned a great sin. The circumstance had been the gentle dip of Troy's mouth downwards upon her own. He had kissed her.
Bathsheba loved Troy in the way that only self-reliant women love when they abandon their self-reliance. When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away. One source of her inadequacy is the novelty of the occasion. She has never had practice in making the best of such a condition. Weakness is doubly weak by being new. Bathsheba had spoken of her interest in Boldwood with the greatest freedom to Liddy, but she had only communed with her own heart concerning Troy. He would base his appeal on what he considered her unfair treatment of Farmer Boldwood, now absent from home. An opportunity occurred one evening when she had gone for a short walk by a path through the neighbouring cornfields. she said. she asked. It show's his course to be down'ard." But Bathsheba, dear mistress, this I beg you to consider--that, both to keep yourself well honoured among the workfolk, and in common generosity to an honourable man who loves you as well as I, you should be more discreet in your bearing towards this soldier." he went on. How would the farm go on with nobody to mind it but a woman? Not I.
The farewell words of Troy, who had accompanied her to the very door, still lingered in her ears. He had bidden her adieu for two days, which were, so he stated, to be spent at Bath in visiting some friends. He had also kissed her a second time. But Bathsheba found that she could not wait. "Mind this, Lydia Smallbury, if you repeat anywhere a single word of what I have said to you inside this closed door, I'll never trust you, or love you, or have you with me a moment longer--not a moment!" "I don't want to repeat anything," said Liddy, with womanly dignity of a diminutive order; "but I don't wish to stay with you. And, if you please, I'll go at the end of the harvest, or this week, or to-day.... I don't see that I deserve to be put upon and stormed at for nothing!" "Death's head himself shan't wring it from me, mistress, if I've a mind to keep anything; and I'll always be your friend," replied Liddy, emphatically, at the same time bringing a few more tears into her own eyes, not from any particular necessity, but from an artistic sense of making herself in keeping with the remainder of the picture, which seems to influence women at such times.
Bathsheba's companion, as a gauge of their reconciliation, had been granted a week's holiday to visit her sister, who was married to a thriving hurdler and cattle-crib-maker living in a delightful labyrinth of hazel copse not far beyond Yalbury. Boldwood?" "You know what that feeling is," continued Boldwood, deliberately. "A thing strong as death. No dismissal by a hasty letter affects that." she answered as heroically as she could. You overrate my capacity for love. You are not the cold woman you would have me believe. You have love enough, but it is turned into a new channel. I know where." He was coming to Troy. She delayed the reply, but was too honest to withhold it. Boldwood!" "Bathsheba, sweet, lost coquette, pardon me! I've been blaming you, threatening you, behaving like a churl to you, when he's the greatest sinner. He stole your dear heart away with his unfathomable lies! I pray God he may not come into my sight, for I may be tempted beyond myself. Oh, Bathsheba, keep him away--yes, keep him away from me!" Such astounding wells of fevered feeling in a still man like Mr. Boldwood were incomprehensible, dreadful. But now there was no reserve. In her distraction, instead of advancing further she walked up and down, beating the air with her fingers, pressing on her brow, and sobbing brokenly to herself. Her troubled spirit was far away with Troy.
  NIGHT--HORSES TRAMPING   The village of Weatherbury was quiet as the graveyard in its midst, and the living were lying well-nigh as still as the dead. The church clock struck eleven. The air was so empty of other sounds that the whirr of the clock-work immediately before the strokes was distinct, and so was also the click of the same at their close. moaned Maryann. "The villains!" "What's the matter?" "Straight on!" The last turning had brought them into the high road leading to Bath. "Where?" said Gabriel. "He has stolen the horse!" Gabriel looked at the driver of the gig, and saw a woman--Bathsheba, his mistress. Boldwood's." "It was only a stone in her shoe. I shall be in Bath by daylight. Bathsheba's perturbed meditations by the roadside had ultimately evolved a conclusion that there were only two remedies for the present desperate state of affairs. The first was merely to keep Troy away from Weatherbury till Boldwood's indignation had cooled; the second to listen to Oak's entreaties, and Boldwood's denunciations, and give up Troy altogether. She would see him at once. But could she go on to Liddy's and leave things to take their course?
Then a note came for Maryann, stating that the business which had called her mistress to Bath still detained her there; but that she hoped to return in the course of another week. I went to unlock the door and dropped the key, and it fell upon the stone floor and broke into two pieces. "Now, Cainy!" And I've been visiting to Bath because I had a felon on my thumb; yes, and I've seen--ahok-hok!" "Bother the boy!" "And I think the sojer was Sergeant Troy. And they sat there together for more than half-an-hour, talking moving things, and she once was crying a'most to death. And when they came out her eyes were shining and she was as white as a lily; and they looked into one another's faces, as far-gone friendly as a man and woman can be." murmured Gabriel. remonstrated Cainy. However, Coggan knew pretty nearly how the land lay, and when they were in a nook together he said--  "Don't take on about her, Gabriel. What difference does it make whose sweetheart she is, since she can't be yours?" "That's the very thing I say to myself," said Gabriel.
  HOME AGAIN--A TRICKSTER   That same evening at dusk Gabriel was leaning over Coggan's garden-gate, taking an up-and-down survey before retiring to rest. From it spread the tones of two women talking. Oak instantly knew the voices to be those of Bathsheba and Liddy. The exquisite relief of finding that she was here again, safe and sound, overpowered all reflection, and Oak could only luxuriate in the sense of it. All grave reports were forgotten. Boldwood had not been outside his garden since his meeting with Bathsheba in the road to Yalbury. Liddy came out. Boldwood did not hurry homeward. It was ten o'clock at least, when, walking deliberately through the lower part of Weatherbury, he heard the carrier's spring van entering the village. Boldwood was moved by a sudden determination. He hastened home. In ten minutes he was back again, and made as if he were going to call upon Troy at the carrier's. But as he approached, some one opened the door and came out. Boldwood, however, hastened up to him. Troy had what appeared to be a carpet-bag in his hand--the same that he had brought with him. "Sergeant Troy?" Troy was about to utter something hastily; he then checked himself and said, "I am too poor." Marry Fanny. "I must go on and meet her." The tones were Bathsheba's. "Yes," said Troy to her. "And ruin her." "Save her." Boldwood groaned. He repressed the instinct, and his form drooped as with pain. "Why, by settling the five hundred on Bathsheba instead of Fanny, to enable you to marry at once. They went up the hill to Bathsheba's house. When they stood at the entrance, Troy said, "Wait here a moment." Boldwood then saw that the chain had been fastened across the door. Troy handed a folded newspaper through the slit between door and doorpost, and put the candle close. Boldwood looked and read--      MARRIAGES. A low gurgle of derisive laughter followed the words. Troy continued--  "Fifty pounds to marry Fanny. Twenty-one pounds not to marry Fanny, but Bathsheba. He wrapped the packet of gold in the notes, and threw the whole into the road. Troy then closed the door, and locked himself in. Throughout the whole of that night Boldwood's dark form might have been seen walking about the hills and downs of Weatherbury like an unhappy Shade in the Mournful Fields by Acheron.
  AT AN UPPER WINDOW   It was very early the next morning--a time of sun and dew. "She has married him!" he said. "Good heavens above us, Oak, how white your face is; you look like a corpse!" They stood by the gate awhile, Gabriel listlessly staring at the ground. His mind sped into the future, and saw there enacted in years of leisure the scenes of repentance that would ensue from this work of haste. That they were married he had instantly decided. Could she have been entrapped? Coggan replied to the greeting. he then said to Gabriel. suggested Coggan. Gabriel and Coggan began to move on. Therefore 'tis well to say 'Friend' outwardly, though you say 'Troublehouse' within." Gabriel, for a minute, rose above his own grief in noticing Boldwood's. The clash of discord between mood and matter here was forced painfully home to the heart; and, as in laughter there are more dreadful phases than in tears, so was there in the steadiness of this agonized man an expression deeper than a cry.
This was the night which had been selected by Sergeant Troy--ruling now in the room of his wife--for giving the harvest supper and dance. Troy was lolling beside her. "It shall be 'The Soldier's Joy,'" exclaimed a chorus. So the dance began. At the door he paused for a moment: Troy was speaking. "Friends," he said, "we'll send the women-folk home! Bathsheba indignantly left the barn, followed by all the women and children. Thus Troy and the men on the farm were left sole occupants of the place. Oak, not to appear unnecessarily disagreeable, stayed a little while; then he, too, arose and quietly took his departure, followed by a friendly oath from the sergeant for not staying to a second round of grog. In approaching the door, his toe kicked something which felt and sounded soft, leathery, and distended, like a boxing-glove. It was a large toad humbly travelling across the path. Oak took it up, thinking it might be better to kill the creature to save it from pain; but finding it uninjured, he placed it again among the grass. He knew what this direct message from the Great Mother meant. It was Nature's second way of hinting to him that he was to prepare for foul weather. Oak sat down meditating for nearly an hour. But this was not the most noteworthy feature: they were all grouped in such a way that their tails, without a single exception, were towards that half of the horizon from which the storm threatened. Apparently there was to be a thunder-storm, and afterwards a cold continuous rain. Oak returned to the stack-yard. There were five wheat-ricks in this yard, and three stacks of barley. said Gabriel. He went back to the barn to endeavour to obtain assistance for covering the ricks that very night. Gabriel looked in. The question was repeated, with the same result. "Gabriel! "The key of the granary." Two hundred pounds were secured. Next came the barley.
It was the first move of the approaching storm. The second peal was noisy, with comparatively little visible lightning. It was the fourth of the larger flashes. said Gabriel to the darkness. "Gabriel. The lightning had struck the tree. "We had a narrow escape!" "Gabriel, you are kinder than I deserve! I will stay and help you yet. "O, I know it all--all," she said, adding slowly: "They are all asleep in the barn, in a drunken sleep, and my husband among them. He looked through the chinks of the door. All was in total darkness, as he had left it, and there still arose, as at the former time, the steady buzz of many snores. She followed, but without a sheaf. Troy. She went down the ladder, and the work proceeded. He was disturbed in his meditation by a grating noise from the coach-house. It was the vane on the roof turning round, and this change in the wind was the signal for a disastrous rain.
  RAIN--ONE SOLITARY MEETS ANOTHER   It was now five o'clock, and the dawn was promising to break in hues of drab and ash. The wind shifted yet a point or two and blew stronger. Oak suddenly remembered that eight months before this time he had been fighting against fire in the same spot as desperately as he was fighting against water now--and for a futile love of the same woman. Faint sounds came from the barn, and he looked that way. Not a single one of them had turned his face to the ricks, or apparently bestowed one thought upon their condition. "You look tired and ill, Oak," he said then, desultorily regarding his companion. Oak was just thinking that whatever he himself might have suffered from Bathsheba's marriage, here was a man who had suffered more, when Boldwood spoke in a changed voice--that of one who yearned to make a confidence and relieve his heart by an outpouring. Well, good morning; I can trust you not to mention to others what has passed between us two here."
Bathsheba was at the full depth for tears, but she maintained a dry eye. I hate the sound of the very word!" A woman appeared on the brow of the hill. Troy had turned towards the gig to remount, and whilst putting his foot on the step the woman passed behind him. She uttered an hysterical cry, and fell down. exclaimed Bathsheba, instantly preparing to alight. said Troy, peremptorily throwing her the reins and the whip. said Troy to the woman, in a strangely gentle, yet hurried voice, as he lifted her up. The woman made no answer. He was rather agitated. "What is her name?" "I think you do." "Think if you will, and be--" The sentence was completed by a smart cut of the whip round Poppet's flank, which caused the animal to start forward at a wild pace. No more was said.
  ON CASTERBRIDGE HIGHWAY   For a considerable time the woman walked on. she said. The face was young in the groundwork, old in the finish; the general contours were flexuous and childlike, but the finer lineaments had begun to be sharp and thin. At last she swayed sideways, and fell. the woman murmured. She crawled to the bridge. A dog was licking her cheek. In her reclining position she looked up to him just as in earlier times she had, when standing, looked up to a man. The animal, who was as homeless as she, respectfully withdrew a step or two when the woman moved, and, seeing that she did not repulse him, he licked her hand again. Thus the town was passed, and the goal was reached. The man then closed the door. said one of the women. "I stoned him away," said the man. The little procession then moved forward--the man in front bearing the light, the two bony women next, supporting between them the small and supple one. Thus they entered the house and disappeared.
"Twenty pounds?" she asked. Troy hesitated. "Such strait-waistcoating as you treat me to is not becoming in you at so early a date." "That my romance has come to an end." "All romances end at marriage." She gave a sigh of resignation. Bathsheba's eyes had been accidentally lifted at that moment, and she saw the action and saw the hair. Troy had instantly closed his watch. "I can't help how things fall out," said Troy; "upon my heart, women will be the death of me!" She had never taken kindly to the idea of marriage in the abstract as did the majority of women she saw about her. In the turmoil of her anxiety for her lover she had agreed to marry him; but the perception that had accompanied her happiest hours on this account was rather that of self-sacrifice than of promotion and honour. After breakfast she was cool and collected--quite herself in fact--and she rambled to the gate, intending to walk to another quarter of the farm, which she still personally superintended as well as her duties in the house would permit, continually, however, finding herself preceded in forethought by Gabriel Oak, for whom she began to entertain the genuine friendship of a sister. she said. He set down his barrow, and, putting upon himself the refined aspect that a conversation with a lady required, spoke to Bathsheba over the gate. "You'll never see Fanny Robin no more--use nor principal--ma'am." "Why?" "Because she's dead in the Union." She was such a limber maid that 'a could stand no hardship, even when I knowed her, and 'a went like a candle-snoff, so 'tis said. She belongs by law to our parish; and Mr. Boldwood is going to send a waggon at three this afternoon to fetch her home here and bury her." "Indeed I shall not let Mr. Boldwood do any such thing--I shall do it! Fanny was my uncle's servant, and, although I only knew her for a couple of days, she belongs to me. he said. Real golden hair." Troy. He said, 'Oh yes, he knew the young man as well as he knew himself, and that there wasn't a man in the regiment he liked better.'"
The door then opened, and a plain elm coffin was slowly thrust forth, and laid by two men in fustian along the middle of the vehicle. He covered the whole with a black cloth, threadbare, but decent, the tail-board of the waggon was returned to its place, one of the men handed a certificate of registry to Poorgrass, and both entered the door, closing it behind them. It was about a mile and a half from Weatherbury, and in the meridian times of stage-coach travelling had been the place where many coaches changed and kept their relays of horses. Going down into the kitchen of the inn, the floor of which was a step below the passage, which in its turn was a step below the road outside, what should Joseph see to gladden his eyes but two copper-coloured discs, in the form of the countenances of Mr. Jan Coggan and Mr. Mark Clark. These owners of the two most appreciative throats in the neighbourhood, within the pale of respectability, were now sitting face to face over a three-legged circular table, having an iron rim to keep cups and pots from being accidentally elbowed off; they might have been said to resemble the setting sun and the full moon shining _vis-a-vis_ across the globe. I've got poor little Fanny Robin in my waggon outside, and I must be at the churchyard gates at a quarter to five with her." "Joseph Poorgrass, don't be so miserable! Coggan's repeater struck six from his pocket in the usual still small tones. "Nobody can hurt a dead woman," at length said Coggan, with the precision of a machine. "A multiplying eye is a very bad thing," said Mark Clark. But not a man of spirit? He pulled the horse's head from the large patch of turf it had eaten bare, readjusted the boughs over the coffin, and drove along through the unwholesome night. I am afraid it is too late now for the funeral to be performed with proper decency. The body may be brought on to the church, or it may be left here at the farm and fetched by the bearers in the morning. Troy had not yet returned. Suddenly, as in a last attempt to save Bathsheba from, at any rate, immediate anguish, he looked again, as he had looked before, at the chalk writing upon the coffin-lid. The scrawl was this simple one, "FANNY ROBIN AND CHILD." Gabriel took his handkerchief and carefully rubbed out the two latter words, leaving visible the inscription "FANNY ROBIN" only.
said Bathsheba, desultorily. It is about Fanny. Bathsheba trembled from head to foot. "And there's only one name written on the coffin-cover." Bathsheba turned and looked into the fire, that Liddy might not see her face. nowhere in the house. There was a light in one window only, and that was downstairs. ... Oh, I hope, hope it is not true that there are two of you! She went to the lumber-closet for a screw-driver. At the end of a short though undefined time she found herself in the small room, quivering with emotion, a mist before her eyes, and an excruciating pulsation in her brain, standing beside the uncovered coffin of the girl whose conjectured end had so entirely engrossed her, and saying to herself in a husky voice as she gazed within--  "It was best to know the worst, and I know it now!" Gabriel had prayed; so would she. A slamming together of the coach-house doors in the yard brought her to herself again. said Bathsheba, to herself more than to him. he said pushing her away. This woman is more to me, dead as she is, than ever you were, or are, or can be. He turned to Fanny then. "But never mind, darling," he said; "in the sight of Heaven you are my very, very wife!" She waited not an instant, but turned to the door and ran out.
  UNDER A TREE--REACTION   Bathsheba went along the dark road, neither knowing nor caring about the direction or issue of her flight. Whether she slept or not that night Bathsheba was not clearly aware. from the hedge. "Is Fanny taken away?" Liddy, if ever you marry--God forbid that you ever should!--you'll find yourself in a fearful situation; but mind this, don't you flinch. Stand your ground, and be cut to pieces. That's what I'm going to do." In about ten minutes they returned to the house by a circuitous route, entering at the rear. Will you get a fire lighted, put down a piece of carpet, and help me to make the place comfortable. "I think 'twas because two men came just then from Casterbridge and began putting up a grand carved tombstone," said Liddy. "The lads went to see whose it was." "Do you know?" Bathsheba asked. "I don't," said Liddy.
  TROY'S ROMANTICISM   When Troy's wife had left the house at the previous midnight his first act was to cover the dead from sight. Fate had dealt grimly with him through the last four-and-twenty hours. Twenty pounds having been secured from Bathsheba, he had managed to add to the sum every farthing he could muster on his own account, which had been seven pounds ten. In fact, at that moment she was being robed in her grave-clothes by two attendants at the Union poorhouse--the first and last tiring-women the gentle creature had ever been honoured with. He vowed he would not bet, and he kept his vow, for on leaving the town at nine o'clock in the evening he had diminished his cash only to the extent of a few shillings. He waited in the yard till the tomb was packed, and saw it placed in the cart and starting on its way to Weatherbury, giving directions to the two men who were to accompany it to inquire of the sexton for the grave of the person named in the inscription. Troy entered Weatherbury churchyard about ten o'clock and went immediately to the corner where he had marked the vacant grave early in the morning. Troy, in his prostration at this time, had no perception that in the futility of these romantic doings, dictated by a remorseful reaction from previous indifference, there was any element of absurdity. Here he entered the porch, and, reclining upon the bench within, fell asleep.
Plants of the tufted species were loosened, rose to the surface, and floated off. The path, instead of being stony as it had been the night before, was browned over with a thin coating of mud. The pool upon the grave had soaked away into the ground, and in its place was a hollow. The planting of flowers on Fanny's grave had been perhaps but a species of elusion of the primary grief, and now it was as if his intention had been known and circumvented. Almost for the first time in his life, Troy, as he stood by this dismantled grave, wished himself another man. He did not attempt to fill up the hole, replace the flowers, or do anything at all. Shortly afterwards he had gone from the village. Meanwhile, Bathsheba remained a voluntary prisoner in the attic. The light of Troy's lantern in the churchyard was noticed about ten o'clock by the maid-servant, who casually glanced from the window in that direction whilst taking her supper, and she called Bathsheba's attention to it. They looked curiously at the phenomenon for a time, until Liddy was sent to bed. "What a heavy rain we've had in the night, ma'am!" I've been thinking it must have been the water from the tower spouts." But the tower spouts used to spatter on the stones, and we are puzzled, for this was like the boiling of a pot." "Are you going across to the church, ma'am?" she asked. "No, ma'am; I think he's gone to Budmouth." "Laban Tall saw him on the Budmouth road this morning before breakfast." On the other side of the scene stood Gabriel. Then her eye followed Oak's, and she read the words with which the inscription opened:--        ERECTED BY FRANCIS TROY       IN BELOVED MEMORY OF            FANNY ROBIN   Oak saw her, and his first act was to gaze inquiringly and learn how she received this knowledge of the authorship of the work, which to himself had caused considerable astonishment.
  ADVENTURES BY THE SHORE   Troy wandered along towards the south. A composite feeling, made up of disgust with the, to him, humdrum tediousness of a farmer's life, gloomy images of her who lay in the churchyard, remorse, and a general averseness to his wife's society, impelled him to seek a home in any place on earth save Weatherbury. He descended and came to a small basin of sea enclosed by the cliffs. He undressed and plunged in. Troy found himself carried to the left and then round in a swoop out to sea. They formed part of a brig's crew, and had come ashore for sand.
Once out of the farm, the approach of poverty would be sure. She was not a woman who could hope on without good materials for the process, differing thus from the less far-sighted and energetic, though more petted ones of the sex, with whom hope goes on as a sort of clockwork which the merest food and shelter are sufficient to wind up; and perceiving clearly that her mistake had been a fatal one, she accepted her position, and waited coldly for the end. The first Saturday after Troy's departure she went to Casterbridge alone, a journey she had not before taken since her marriage. Troy. A darkness came into her eyes, and she fell. A coastguardsman found his clothes, and brought them into Budmouth yesterday." He started onward again, and sending a woman to her, went out to ascertain all the facts of the case. These appeared to be limited to what he had already heard. Liddy met her on the landing. Bathsheba had nothing to say. she said. I am perfectly convinced that he is still alive!" She opened the case as he had opened it before her a week ago. There was the little coil of pale hair which had been as the fuze to this great explosion. "He was hers and she was his; they should be gone together," she said. "I am nothing to either of them, and why should I keep her hair?" She took it in her hand, and held it over the fire. "No--I'll not burn it--I'll keep it in memory of her, poor thing!" she added, snatching back her hand.
Bathsheba, having previously been living in a state of suspended feeling which was not suspense, now lived in a mood of quietude which was not precisely peacefulness. Gabriel's malignant star was assuredly setting fast. All was harmoniously arranged at last, and we now see Oak mounted on a strong cob, and daily trotting the length and breadth of about two thousand acres in a cheerful spirit of surveillance, as if the crops all belonged to him--the actual mistress of the one-half and the master of the other, sitting in their respective homes in gloomy and sad seclusion. Out of this there arose, during the spring succeeding, a talk in the parish that Gabriel Oak was feathering his nest fast. Such was Boldwood's hope. Said that she might. Poor Boldwood had no more skill in finesse than a battering-ram, and he was uneasy with a sense of having made himself to appear stupid and, what was worse, mean. But he had, after all, lighted upon one fact by way of repayment. It was a singularly fresh and fascinating fact, and though not without its sadness it was pertinent and real. In little more than six years from this time Bathsheba might certainly marry him. Meanwhile the early and the late summer brought round the week in which Greenhill Fair was held.
This yearly gathering was upon the summit of a hill which retained in good preservation the remains of an ancient earthwork, consisting of a huge rampart and entrenchment of an oval form encircling the top of the hill, though somewhat broken down here and there. As the day drew on, the flocks began to change hands, lightening the shepherd's responsibilities; and they turned their attention to this tent and inquired of a man at work there, whose soul seemed concentrated on tying a bothering knot in no time, what was going on. At the rear of the large tent there were two small dressing-tents. He ultimately worked his passage to the United States, where he made a precarious living in various towns as Professor of Gymnastics, Sword Exercise, Fencing, and Pugilism. A few months were sufficient to give him a distaste for this kind of life. There was ever present, too, the idea that he could claim a home and its comforts did he but chose to return to England and Weatherbury Farm. Whether Bathsheba thought him dead was a frequent subject of curious conjecture. Bathsheba--who was driven to the fair that day by her odd man Poorgrass--had, like every one else, read or heard the announcement that Mr. Francis, the Great Cosmopolitan Equestrian and Roughrider, would enact the part of Turpin, and she was not yet too old and careworn to be without a little curiosity to see him. Troy?" Have you ever seen the play of 'Turpin's Ride to York'? And so a short time after this Bathsheba appeared in the tent with Boldwood at her elbow, who, taking her to a "reserved" seat, again withdrew. This feature consisted of one raised bench in a very conspicuous part of the circle, covered with red cloth, and floored with a piece of carpet, and Bathsheba immediately found, to her confusion, that she was the single reserved individual in the tent, the rest of the crowded spectators, one and all, standing on their legs on the borders of the arena, where they got twice as good a view of the performance for half the money. Should he go on, and care nothing? He could not bring himself to do that. said Troy. I tell you how we'll manage," said the other, who perhaps felt it would be extremely awkward to offend his leading man just at this time. "I won't tell 'em anything about your keeping silence; go on with the piece and say nothing, doing what you can by a judicious wink now and then, and a few indomitable nods in the heroic places, you know. They'll never find out that the speeches are omitted." That he had been recognized by this man was highly probable; yet there was room for a doubt. He had put on a thick beard borrowed from the establishment, and in this he wandered about the fair-field. He could hear Bathsheba's voice immediately inside the canvas; she was conversing with a man. Nothing that he could think of could be done to check the exposure. Troy? Then, with the lightning action in which he was such an adept, he noiselessly slipped his hand under the bottom of the tent-cloth, which was far from being pinned tightly down, lifted it a little way, keeping his eye to the hole, snatched the note from her fingers, dropped the canvas, and ran away in the gloom towards the bank and ditch, smiling at the scream of astonishment which burst from her. Troy glided up to him, beckoned, and whispered a few words; and with a mutual glance of concurrence the two men went into the night together.
It had grown twilight before she was aware, but Boldwood assured her that there was no cause for uneasiness, as the moon would be up in half-an-hour. "I certainly, at first, had a strange unaccountable feeling that he could not have perished, but I have been able to explain that in several ways since. But that was not possible." "I know all that. Now, pray speak! "Christmas!" Boldwood?" "No. Oak." She had spoken frankly, and neither asked nor expected any reply from Gabriel more satisfactory than that she had obtained. Yet in the centremost parts of her complicated heart there existed at this minute a little pang of disappointment, for a reason she would not allow herself to recognize. Yet he might have just hinted about that old love of his, and asked, in a playful off-hand way, if he might speak of it. But to give such cool advice--the very advice she had asked for--it ruffled our heroine all the afternoon.
It was not that the rarity of Christmas parties in the parish made this one a wonder, but that Boldwood should be the giver. A large bough of mistletoe had been brought from the woods that day, and suspended in the hall of the bachelor's home. Bathsheba was at this time in her room, dressing for the event. "But I would go now," said Liddy, who was going with her; for Boldwood had been indiscriminate in his invitations. "But I am THE CAUSE of the party, and that upsets me!--Don't tell, Liddy." Boldwood was dressing also at this hour. Make yourself merry. I am determined that neither expense nor     trouble shall be spared." Is     there any late knot in fashion, Oak?" "If it is not inconvenient to her she may." "Oak, don't talk like that. he said, with impatience. said Boldwood, vehemently. Bathsheba is a woman to her word." A knock was given at the door, and Pennyways entered. "Well, have you seen him?" "Boldwood?" "I'm not so sure of that....  She's a handsome woman, Pennyways, is     she not? "I don't know about that. She can't do without him, and knowing it     well he's pretty independent. Troy." "Liddy--none of that," said Bathsheba, gravely. As Boldwood continued awhile in his room alone--ready and dressed to     receive his company--the mood of anxiety about his appearance seemed     to pass away, and to be succeeded by a deep solemnity. Boldwood closed the box, stowed it away carefully in his pocket, and     went out upon the landing. Troy?" said Troy to Pennyways. said Troy, angrily. "There she is with plenty of     money, and a house and farm, and horses, and comfort, and here am I     living from hand to mouth--a needy adventurer. But what man     on earth was to know that his wife would be in such a hurry to get     rid of his name!" Pennyways now felt himself to be in something of a difficulty, for     should Bathsheba and Troy become reconciled it would be necessary     to regain her good opinion if he would secure the patronage of her     husband. "I sometimes think she likes you yet, and is a good woman     at bottom," he said, as a saving sentence.
"Not a word." This was to some footsteps that were heard approaching. Be ye any of Boldwood's workfolk?" "I hope to God she'll come, or this night will be nothing but misery to me! said one of the men. Samway, Tall, and Smallbury agreed to go to Warren's, and went out at the gate, the remaining ones entering the house. The men, after recognizing Troy's features, withdrew across the orchard as quietly as they had come. The air was big with Bathsheba's fortunes to-night: every word everywhere concerned her. "But it is! Laban, you know her best--you'd better go and ask to speak to her." Why, he'll go on to her himself in a few minutes, ye'll see." Laban then went to the door. "They were all in such a stir, trying to put a little spirit into the party. Her manner was restive, for she remembered her promise, and imagined what he was about to say. she whispered. "A promise to marry me at the end of five years and three-quarters. And Boldwood slipped the ring on her finger. "I cannot wear it," she said, weeping as if her heart would break. "Only to-night: wear it just to-night, to please me!" He left the room, and when he thought she might be sufficiently composed sent one of the maids to her. There was a smart rapping at the door. "Mrs. "It is a stranger, ma'am," said the man by the door. "Ask him to come in," said Boldwood. She was leaning on the stairs. Boldwood was among those who did not notice that he was Troy. Troy next advanced into the middle of the room, took off his cap, turned down his coat-collar, and looked Boldwood in the face. Troy turned to Bathsheba. Troy went across to her. A strange voice came from the fireplace--a voice sounding far off and confined, as if from a dungeon. When Bathsheba had cried out in her husband's grasp, Boldwood's face of gnashing despair had changed. He had turned quickly, taken one of the guns, cocked it, and at once discharged it at Troy. Boldwood gasped. "There is another way for me to die." Then he broke from Samway, crossed the room to Bathsheba, and kissed her hand. He put on his hat, opened the door, and went into the darkness, nobody thinking of preventing him.
Boldwood stepped forward, and said something in a low tone, when, after a delay, another man came. Boldwood entered, and the door was closed behind him, and he walked the world no more. She was sitting on the floor beside the body of Troy, his head pillowed in her lap, where she had herself lifted it. With one hand she held her handkerchief to his breast and covered the wound, though scarcely a single drop of blood had flowed, and with the other she tightly clasped one of his. The household convulsion had made her herself again. Deeds of endurance, which seem ordinary in philosophy, are rare in conduct, and Bathsheba was astonishing all around her now, for her philosophy was her conduct, and she seldom thought practicable what she did not practise. "Ride to Casterbridge instantly for a surgeon. said the doctor. "She had no right to do that," said the doctor. "It is all done, indeed, as she says," remarked Mr. Aldritch, in a subdued voice. Gracious Heaven--this mere girl! She must have the nerve of a stoic!" "The heart of a wife merely," floated in a whisper about the ears of the three, and turning they saw Bathsheba in the midst of them. O Heaven, how can I live!"
The groups consisted of a throng of idlers, a party of javelin-men, and two trumpeters, and in the midst were carriages, one of which contained the high sheriff. In a locked closet was now discovered an extraordinary collection of articles. These things had been bought in Bath and other towns from time to time, and brought home by stealth. Boldwood, as every one supposed he would do, had pleaded guilty, and had been sentenced to death. The conviction that Boldwood had not been morally responsible for his later acts now became general. Facts elicited previous to the trial had pointed strongly in the same direction, but they had not been of sufficient weight to lead to an order for an examination into the state of Boldwood's mind. A petition was addressed to the Home Secretary, advancing the circumstances which appeared to justify a request for a reconsideration of the sentence. The upshot of the petition was waited for in Weatherbury with solicitous interest. "No. Gabriel's anxiety was great that Boldwood might be saved, even though in his conscience he felt that he ought to die; for there had been qualities in the farmer which Oak loved. He's not to die. 'Tis confinement during Her Majesty's pleasure." "Hurrah!" said Coggan, with a swelling heart. "God's above the devil yet!"
BEAUTY IN LONELINESS--AFTER ALL   Bathsheba revived with the spring. The utter prostration that had followed the low fever from which she had suffered diminished perceptibly when all uncertainty upon every subject had come to an end. Her stealthy walk was to the nook wherein Troy had worked at planting flowers upon Fanny Robin's grave, and she came to the marble tombstone. First came the words of Troy himself:--        ERECTED BY FRANCIS TROY       IN BELOVED MEMORY OF           FANNY ROBIN,     WHO DIED OCTOBER 9, 18--,           AGED 20 YEARS   Underneath this was now inscribed in new letters:--         IN THE SAME GRAVE LIE    THE REMAINS OF THE AFORESAID           FRANCIS TROY,    WHO DIED DECEMBER 24TH, 18--,           AGED 26 YEARS   Whilst she stood and read and meditated the tones of the organ began again in the church, and she went with the same light step round to the porch and listened. The door was closed, and the choir was learning a new hymn. Oak." Oak walked after her. "Leaving England!" I shall finish out my year there as manager for the trustees, but no more." "I would have willingly." "And it is because of that very helplessness that I feel bound to go. It was a formal notice by letter from him that he should not renew his engagement with her for the following Lady-day. "Mr. Oak," said Bathsheba, faintly. As if you could do that, Bathsheba!" Bathsheba did not look quite so alarmed as if a cannon had been discharged by her ear, which was what Oak had expected. "Marrying me! I didn't know it was that you meant," she said, quietly. "Such a thing as that is too absurd--too soon--to think of, by far!" "Yes; of course, it is too absurd. "'Too soon' was what I said. "But you never will know," she murmured. "Now, Bathsheba, was ever anybody so provoking," he said, laughing. "And was that all?" she exclaimed, thankfully, as she rose from her seat. They spoke very little of their mutual feeling; pretty phrases and warm expressions being probably unnecessary between such tried friends. Theirs was that substantial affection which arises (if any arises at all) when the two who are thrown together begin first by knowing the rougher sides of each other's character, and not the best till further on, the romance growing up in the interstices of a mass of hard prosaic reality.
A FOGGY NIGHT AND MORNING--CONCLUSION   "The most private, secret, plainest wedding that it is possible to have." Those had been Bathsheba's words to Oak one evening, some time after the event of the preceding f, and he meditated a full hour by the clock upon how to carry out her wishes to the letter. Oak?" Tall. "That he must come without fail, and wear his best clothes." So Coggan delivered the message. "Mind, het or wet, blow or snow, he must come," added Jan.  "'Tis very particular, indeed. The fact is, 'tis to witness her sign some law-work about taking shares wi' another farmer for a long span o' years. There, that's what 'tis, and now I've told 'ee, Mother Tall, in a way I shouldn't ha' done if I hadn't loved 'ee so hopeless well." said the bewildered Liddy. Just as Bathsheba was pouring out a cup of tea, their ears were greeted by the firing of a cannon, followed by what seemed like a tremendous blowing of trumpets, in the front of the house. said Oak, laughing, "I knew those fellows were up to something, by the look on their faces"  Oak took up the light and went into the porch, followed by Bathsheba with a shawl over her head. "Come in, souls, and have something to eat and drink wi' me and my wife." But since 'tis as 'tis, why, it might have been worse, and I feel my thanks accordingly."
She blushed at herself, and seeing her reflection blush, blushed the more. A cynical inference was irresistible by Gabriel Oak as he regarded the scene, generous though he fain would have been. About twenty steps still remained between him and the gate, when he heard a dispute. He looked up at her then; she heard his words, and looked down. She might have looked her thanks to Gabriel on a minute scale, but she did not speak them; more probably she felt none, for in gaining her a passage he had lost her her point, and we know how women take a favour of that kind. The gatekeeper surveyed the retreating vehicle. "But she has her faults," said Gabriel. The place contained two women and two cows. She was the young woman of the night before. Gabriel instantly thought of the hat she had mentioned as having lost in the wind; possibly she had come to look for it. Gabriel took it in his hand and returned to his hut. The boy led away the horse, leaving the pail with the young woman. she said. A perception caused him to withdraw his own eyes from hers as suddenly as if he had been caught in a theft. "Whatever is the matter?" murmured Gabriel. "My name is Gabriel Oak." "What for?" She gave him her hand again. he said. "Now find out my name," she said, teasingly; and withdrew. The cow had ceased to give milk for that year, and Bathsheba Everdene came up the hill no more. Bathsheba's aunt was indoors. Bathsheba was out. In short, I was going to ask her if she'd like to be married." Because if she would, I should be very glad to marry her. "To run after anybody like this, and then say you don't want him!" "Dearly I should like that!" Her countenance fell, and she was silent awhile. He regarded the red berries between them over and over again, to such an extent, that holly seemed in his after life to be a cypher signifying a proposal of marriage. Bathsheba decisively turned to him. "Of course he would--I, that is." "But dearest," he continued in a palliative voice, "don't be like it!" "But why?" he persisted, standing still at last in despair of ever reaching her, and facing over the bush. "I don't love you," she said. Gabriel looked at her with a little surprise and much admiration. He broke in passionately. That about your not being good enough for me is nonsense.
It may have been observed that there is no regular path for getting out of love as there is for getting in. It appeared that she had gone to a place called Weatherbury, more than twenty miles off, but in what capacity--whether as a visitor, or permanently, he could not discover. Gabriel had two dogs. Though old, he was clever and trustworthy still. Only one responded--old George; the other could not be found, either in the house, lane, or garden. The experienced ear of Oak knew the sound he now heard to be caused by the running of the flock with great velocity. He went to the hedge; a gap had been broken through it, and in the gap were the footprints of the sheep. Oak looked over the precipice. His first feeling now was one of pity for the untimely fate of these gentle ewes and their unborn lambs. Oak found that the value of stock, plant, and implements which were really his own would be about sufficient to pay his debts, leaving himself a free man with the clothes he stood up in, and nothing more. THE FAIR--THE JOURNEY--THE FIRE   Two months passed away. We are brought on to a day in February, on which was held the yearly statute or hiring fair in the county-town of Casterbridge. As the end of the day drew on, and he found himself not hired, Gabriel almost wished that he had joined them, and gone off to serve his country. Weary of standing in the market-place, and not much minding the kind of work he turned his hand to, he decided to offer himself in some other capacity than that of bailiff. "How long would it take you to make a shepherd's crook?" This transaction having been completed, he again hurried off to the centre of the town, and stood on the kerb of the pavement, as a shepherd, crook in hand. He drew out his flute and began to play "Jockey to the Fair" in the style of a man who had never known moment's sorrow. "How far is it to Weatherbury?" Oak resolved to sleep at Weatherbury that night on his way to Shottsford, and struck out at once into the high road which had been recommended as the direct route to the village in question. Two figures were dimly visible in front, sitting with their legs outside the waggon, one of whom was driving. The crunching jangle of the waggon died upon his ear. Something was on fire. A rick burns differently from a house. "A ladder," cried Gabriel. By her side was another woman, on foot. "Maryann," said the girl on horseback, "go to him as he comes down, and say that the farmer wishes to thank him for the great service he has done." She delivered her message. Gabriel and his cold-hearted darling, Bathsheba Everdene, were face to face. Bathsheba did not speak, and he mechanically repeated in an abashed and sad voice,--  "Do you want a shepherd, ma'am?" "Then will you tell him to speak to the bailiff," said Bathsheba. inquired Gabriel. It was a slim girl, rather thinly clad. "I'll thank you to tell me if I'm in the way for Warren's Malthouse?" It is only a shilling, but it is all I have to spare." She extended her hand; Gabriel his. Gabriel's fingers alighted on the young woman's wrist. It was beating with a throb of tragic intensity. He had frequently felt the same quick, hard beat in the femoral artery of his lambs when overdriven. It suggested a consumption too great of a vitality which, to judge from her figure and stature, was already too little. "Gabriel Oak, that's my name, neighbours." "And her too!" "Yes; that were the middle of the night, too. "What sort of a place is this to live at, and what sort of a mis'ess is she to work under?" "Oh no, no! Gabriel thought fit to change the subject. Then Gabriel arose and went off with Jan Coggan, who had offered him a lodging. "Stealing it is. "About Baily Pennyways?" She must have left whilst we were all at the fire."
Liddy, the maltster's great-granddaughter, was about Bathsheba's equal in age, and her face was a prominent advertisement of the light-hearted English country girl. "Stop your scrubbing a moment," said Bathsheba through the door to her. said Bathsheba. Bathsheba continued. Here's Mr. Boldwood wanting to see you, Miss Everdene." "All I wanted to ask was, if anything had been heard of Fanny Robin?" "Who is Mr. Boldwood?" said Bathsheba. and I said, 'To Miss Everdene's please,' and he said, 'She is a staid woman, isn't she, my little man?' "'Cause he gave me the penny!" "A man wanted to once," she said, in a highly experienced tone, and the image of Gabriel Oak, as the farmer, rose before her. The first is that the bailiff is dismissed for thieving, and that I have formed a resolution to have no bailiff at all, but to manage everything with my own head and hands." "The next matter is, have you heard anything of Fanny?" "And what are you?" "What do you do on the farm?" continued Bathsheba. "Here it is, and ten shillings. Are they satisfactory women?" "Who, mem?" "Now the next. "What woman is that?" Bathsheba asked. "Well, Laban, will you stay on?" "Has William Smallbury returned?" asked Bathsheba. But perhaps her air was the inevitable result of the social rise which had advanced her from a cottage to a large house and fields. "Who's there?" "Is it Sergeant Troy?" said the blurred spot in the snow, tremulously. "Your wife, Fanny Robin." "Fanny!" We are all of us as good as in the county gaol till to-morrow morning." "That you promised." Well--you have to get proper clothes." "Do we? "Is that the law?" It is foolish. And the noise was again heard of a window closing. she said. "That! she remarked. Perhaps, after all, he has!" Bathsheba dropped into a silence intended to express that she had opinions on the matter too abstruse for Liddy's comprehension, rather than that she had nothing to say. "Valentine! said Liddy. "Farmer Boldwood?" It is only for little Teddy Coggan. He wouldn't see any humour in it." "Yes--that he is." Bathsheba, a small yawn upon her mouth, took the pen, and with off-hand serenity directed the missive to Boldwood. It ought to be something extraordinary, ought it not, Liddy? she exclaimed, throwing down the letter frolicsomely. When Boldwood went to bed he placed the valentine in the corner of the looking-glass. Boldwood looked, as he had a hundred times the preceding day, at the insistent red seal: "Marry me," he said aloud. Then the dawn drew on. Boldwood turned back into the road. "Liddy saith she've a new one." Boldwood?" I know you are interested in Fanny Robin." "What sort of a man is this Sergeant Troy?" said Gabriel. Unfortunately for her boy, his best friends died; and he got then a situation as second clerk at a lawyer's in Casterbridge. Good morning, Mr. Boldwood." He followed him again with a last resolve, annihilating return. On approaching the nook in which the fold was constructed, the farmer drew out his pocket-book, unfastened it, and allowed it to lie open on his hand. A letter was revealed--Bathsheba's. He again placed the letter on the mantelpiece, and sat down to think of the circumstances attending it by the light of Gabriel's information.
Here for a moment he stood alone. "'Tis a wedding!" He faced the south-east, and was as silent as he was still. But the soldier never moved. The clock ticked on. The women threw off their nervousness, and titters and giggling became more frequent. The sergeant had not yet turned; every woman in the church was waiting to see his face, and he appeared to know it. I waited till a quarter to twelve, and found then that I was in All Souls'. and he gave vent to a hoarse laugh. "Ah, when? The farmer took courage, and for the first time really looked at her. Was she really beautiful? He furtively said to a neighbour, "Is Miss Everdene considered handsome?" The worst features of this arrangement were that, if he thought she ridiculed him, an apology would increase the offence by being disbelieved; and if he thought she wanted him to woo her, it would read like additional evidence of her forwardness. The phases of Boldwood's life were ordinary enough, but his was not an ordinary nature. Farmer Boldwood came to the stable-door and looked forth across the level fields. He also turned and beheld Boldwood. "I may have been called a confirmed bachelor, and I was a confirmed bachelor. "The valentine again! O that valentine!" she said to herself, but not a word to him. And I am afraid they will notice us, Mr. Boldwood. PERPLEXITY--GRINDING THE SHEARS--A QUARREL   "He is so disinterested and kind to offer me all that I can desire," Bathsheba mused. Had she felt, which she did not, any wish whatever for the married state in the abstract, she could not reasonably have rejected him, being a woman who frequently appealed to her understanding for deliverance from her whims. She said in the same breath that it would be ungenerous not to marry Boldwood, and that she couldn't do it to save her life. I want to speak to you, Gabriel." Bathsheba turned the winch, and Gabriel applied the shears. "I thought so by the look of them! Bathsheba regarded him with round-eyed perplexity. At this period the single opinion in the parish on herself and her doings that she valued as sounder than her own was Gabriel Oak's. "That it is unworthy of any thoughtful, and meek, and comely woman." But she forbore to utter this feeling, and the reticence of her tongue only made the loquacity of her face the more noticeable. He said nothing. "I have long given up thinking of that matter." she exclaimed. So you'll please leave the farm at the end of the week!" --Sheep have broke fence," said Fray.  " --Young clover!" "And they be getting blasted," said Henery Fray. "Sheep are such unfortunate animals!--there's always something happening to them! "What way? Can I?" "Only one man in the neighbourhood knows the way," said Joseph, now just come up. "Who is he? "Ah, that he is so!" Bathsheba went up to it. Bathsheba watched. said Bathsheba. "Perhaps he is already gone!" she said. "Well?" "Why not ask him softer like? She held it at a distance, was about to fold it, then added these words at the bottom:--      "DO NOT DESERT ME, GABRIEL!" And she smiled on him again. He had no wish to converse with her: that his bright lady and himself formed one group, exclusively their own, and containing no others in the world, was enough. said Bathsheba, looking at her watch as the last snip resounded. He crossed over towards Bathsheba, who turned to greet him with a carriage of perfect ease. Concerning the flock? However, let her marry an she will. A little warped, too. He adored Bathsheba just the same. Gabriel suddenly missed Farmer Boldwood from his place at the bottom of the table. Miss Everdene and Boldwood were alone. "I will try to love you," she was saying, in a trembling voice quite unlike her usual self-confidence.
This night the buildings were inspected as usual, and she went round to the farm paddock. She reassured herself by a remembrance that the path was public, and that the traveller was probably some villager returning home; regretting, at the same time, that the meeting should be about to occur in the darkest point of her route, even though only just outside her own door. "Are you a woman?" Bathsheba softly tugged again, but to no purpose. He was a soldier. He looked hard into her eyes when she raised them for a moment; Bathsheba looked down again, for his gaze was too strong to be received point-blank with her own. Sergeant Troy. Such a clever young dandy as he is! Good-night, Liddy." So she could not clearly decide whether it was her opinion that he had insulted her or not. she at last exclaimed to herself, in her own room. Clearly she did not think his barefaced praise of her person an insult now. Sergeant Troy, being entirely innocent of the practice of expectation, was never disappointed. As soon as she had entered the field Troy saw her, and sticking his pitchfork into the ground and picking up his crop or cane, he came forward. That remark is a sort of digression." At the same time there is a treatment which is injustice, and that may be yours. said the soldier, in reply. She can marry him: he is content, and leads a useful life. The sergeant looked at his watch and told her. Bathsheba followed as he retired. I cannot and will not have it. Bathsheba could not face the haymakers now. It was in the latter part of June, and the day after the interview with Troy in the hayfield, that Bathsheba was standing in her garden, watching a swarm in the air and guessing their probable settling place. By the time she reached the bottom Troy was there also, and he stooped to pick up the hive. She found her voice in a minute. said Troy. When the manoeuvre was complete he approached her. "The sword-exercise." said Troy. Bathsheba hesitated. "Yes; I should like to see it very much." "Not with a walking-stick--I don't care to see that. Troy bent over her and murmured some suggestion in a low voice. Might I not?" So much as a preliminary. Troy duly exhibited them. He flourished the sword by way of introduction number two, and the next thing of which she was conscious was that the point and blade of the sword were darting with a gleam towards her left side, just above her hip; then of their reappearance on her right side, emerging as it were from between her ribs, having apparently passed through her body. The hissing of the sword had ceased, and he stopped entirely. said Troy. she cried. Bathsheba closed her eyes in the full persuasion that she was killed at last. "No edge! She shuddered. Bathsheba loved Troy in the way that only self-reliant women love when they abandon their self-reliance. When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away. All this infatuation Gabriel saw, and was troubled thereby from the time of his daily journey a-field to the time of his return, and on to the small hours of many a night. Oak determined to speak to his mistress. "Oh, is it Gabriel?" "And as the man who would naturally come to meet you is away from home, too--I mean Farmer Boldwood--why, thinks I, I'll go," he said. she returned quickly. I respect him, and he has urged me to marry him. she asked. When he tries to talk to 'ee again, why not turn away with a short 'Good day'; and when you see him coming one way, turn the other. However, I don't like to see your concerns going to ruin, as they must if you keep in this mind.... But you know well enough how it is, and who she is that I like too well, and feel too much like a fool about to be civil to her!" He had also kissed her a second time. But Bathsheba found that she could not wait. A dialogue was going on in the kitchen, and Bathsheba and Troy were the subject of it. Then Bathsheba kissed Liddy, and all was smooth again.
Boldwood?" It is both the grandeur and the pain of the remoter moods that they avoid the pathway of sound. said Bathsheba. No dismissal by a hasty letter affects that." "Indeed it is." In her noon-clear sense that she had never loved him she forgot for a moment her thoughtless angle on that day in February. He was coming to Troy. And the name fell from his lips the next moment. he asked, fiercely. Boldwood!" Dazzled by brass and scarlet--Oh, Bathsheba--this is woman's folly indeed!" "Deny that he has kissed you." "Ha--then he has!" "Then curse him; and curse him!" said Boldwood, breaking into a whispered fury. I pray God he may not come into my sight, for I may be tempted beyond myself. Oh, Bathsheba, keep him away--yes, keep him away from me!" She panted with solicitude when she thought of possible injury to Troy. She was totally unconscious of the nature of the interruption to her sleep. She left her bed and looked out of the window. They listened. Won't mis'ess storm and call us stupids when she comes back!" moaned Maryann. said Gabriel. And the horse is harnessed--look at the ruts. They rode along silently for a long weary time. Gabriel dismounted when they came to a turning. "We shall have him now!" he exclaimed. Gabriel looked at the driver of the gig, and saw a woman--Bathsheba, his mistress. Boldwood's." She would see him at once. The only way to accomplish her purpose was to give up her idea of visiting Liddy at Yalbury, return to Weatherbury Farm, put the horse into the gig, and drive at once to Bath. But could she go on to Liddy's and leave things to take their course? Then a note came for Maryann, stating that the business which had called her mistress to Bath still detained her there; but that she hoped to return in the course of another week. "I wonder who that is?" he said. "Not at all, Master Poorgrass," said Coggan. "And I think the sojer was Sergeant Troy. "And what then?" remonstrated Cainy. The carriage came opposite and passed by. Her back was towards Boldwood. He had come to apologize and beg forgiveness of Bathsheba with something like a sense of shame at his violence, having but just now learnt that she had returned--only from a visit to Liddy, as he supposed, the Bath escapade being quite unknown to him. Boldwood, however, hastened up to him. "Sergeant Troy?" "Now look here," said Boldwood, standing in front of him, "wonder or not, you are going to hold a conversation with me." It seemed worth while to be civil to Boldwood. "I see," said Troy. Marry Fanny. "Never mind--do you agree to my arrangement?" "By George--'tis she," he continued. "Bathsheba." "Bathsheba--out alone at this time o' night!" said Boldwood. "Yes," said Troy to her. "Capital," said Troy. He now started forward towards Troy. Boldwood groaned. said he. "Bathsheba is a woman well to do," continued Boldwood, in nervous anxiety, "and, Troy, she will make a good wife; and, indeed, she is worth your hastening on your marriage with her!" They went up the hill to Bathsheba's house. Boldwood waited. said Troy. Twenty-one pounds not to marry Fanny, but Bathsheba. Finale: already Bathsheba's husband. "I will not; I will not!" Throughout the whole of that night Boldwood's dark form might have been seen walking about the hills and downs of Weatherbury like an unhappy Shade in the Mournful Fields by Acheron.
The man was Sergeant Troy. "She has married him!" Gabriel and Coggan began to move on. We shall, of course, keep on just as friendly terms as usual. He went on to the barn. This was the night which had been selected by Sergeant Troy--ruling now in the room of his wife--for giving the harvest supper and dance. "Thanks for the compliment," said the sergeant gaily, taking Bathsheba by the hand and leading her to the top of the dance. Bathsheba indignantly left the barn, followed by all the women and children. Thus Troy and the men on the farm were left sole occupants of the place. Gabriel proceeded towards his home. And soon came another. He knew now that he was right, and that Troy was wrong. Oak returned to the stack-yard. He went back to the barn to endeavour to obtain assistance for covering the ricks that very night. Gabriel looked in. He saw at once that if the ricks were to be saved that night, or even the next morning, he must save them with his own hands. "Where's the key of the granary?" "Is that you?" "Gabriel! Next came the barley. This it was only possible to protect by systematic thatching. It was the first move of the approaching storm. Not a drop of rain had fallen as yet. "Who is there?" "Gabriel. Is he with you?" "Asleep in the barn." Liddy is afraid to come out. They both stood still at the bottom, side by side. Bathsheba appeared to think only of the weather--Oak thought only of her just then. That's it, is it not? "I will go and see." "Gabriel," she said, in a strange and impressive voice. Oak looked up at her. She had not spoken since he left the barn. "I went to Bath that night in the full intention of breaking off my engagement to Mr. Troy. But I was coming away, when he suddenly said he had that day seen a woman more beautiful than I, and that his constancy could not be counted on unless I at once became his.... And I was grieved and troubled--"  She cleared her voice, and waited a moment, as if to gather breath. "And then, between jealousy and distraction, I married him!" She diminished in the gloom, and vanished, and he heard the latch of the gate fall as she passed through. It was about seven o'clock in the dark leaden morning when Gabriel came down from the last stack, and thankfully exclaimed, "It is done!" Not a single one of them had turned his face to the ricks, or apparently bestowed one thought upon their condition. "I've been working hard to get our ricks covered, and was barely in time. "Your ricks are all covered before this time?" "Overlooked them," repeated Gabriel slowly to himself. A few months earlier Boldwood's forgetting his husbandry would have been as preposterous an idea as a sailor forgetting he was in a ship. "Oh, Gabriel," he continued, "I am weak and foolish, and I don't know what, and I can't fend off my miserable grief!
One Saturday evening in the month of October Bathsheba's vehicle was duly creeping up this incline. We shall have to leave the farm; that will be the end of it!" "But the question of going to see the race or staying at home has very little to do with the matter. Why, Bathsheba, you have lost all the pluck and sauciness you formerly had, and upon my life if I had known what a chicken-hearted creature you were under all your boldness, I'd never have--I know what." Troy had turned towards the gig to remount, and whilst putting his foot on the step the woman passed behind him. Troy started visibly at the sound of the voice; yet he seemed to recover presence of mind sufficient to prevent himself from giving way to his impulse to suddenly turn and face her. "Stay where you are, and attend to the horse!" The horse, gig, and Bathsheba moved on. Why didn't you write to me?" said Troy to the woman, in a strangely gentle, yet hurried voice, as he lifted her up. "I feared to." Casterbridge Union?" "Who is she?" "What is her name?" "Meet him the day after to-morrow: God help me! By the aid of the Casterbridge aurora, and by feeling with her hands, the woman selected two sticks from the heaps. She staggered across to the first post, clung to it, and looked around. the woman murmured. Seventeen times that. She passed five posts and held on to the fifth. She passed them. She pointed in the direction of Casterbridge, and the dog seemed to misunderstand: he trotted on. Sometimes she sank as she had sunk from walking erect, from the crutches, from the rails. He entered a second time, and returned with two women. she said. Troy for the moment made no reply. Had the woman not been his wife, Troy would have succumbed instantly; as it was, he thought he would not deceive her longer. "The money is not wanted for racing debts at all," he said. "What is it for?" she asked. "A woman's curl of hair!" Troy had instantly closed his watch. I know it was yellow. It is the hair of a young woman I was going to marry before I knew you." "Is she pretty?" "Oh--ho--I like that!" You'll burn it, won't you, Frank?" the independent and spirited Bathsheba is come to this!" Directly he had gone, Bathsheba burst into great sobs--dry-eyed sobs, which cut as they came, without any softening by tears. The next morning she rose earlier than usual, and had the horse saddled for her ride round the farm in the customary way. Joseph Poorgrass now passed near them, wheeling a barrow of apples up the hill to Bathsheba's residence. Boldwood and Gabriel called to him, spoke to him for a few minutes, and then all three parted, Joseph immediately coming up the hill with his barrow. "Fanny dead--never!" Fanny was my uncle's servant, and, although I only knew her for a couple of days, she belongs to me. "Oh!--then she has not been staying there as a regular inmate?" When did she pass Weatherbury?" Stop--well no, go on." But I have seen her let it down when she was going to bed, and it looked beautiful then. Troy. Troy says so? How came he to say that?" said Bathsheba, with the nervous petulance that comes from worrying perceptions. Stopping the horse, he listened. said Mark Clark. "And to speak the truth, 'twas beginning to tell upon me. "Back to Weatherbury. Your next world is your next world, and not to be squandered offhand." They've worked hard for it, and they deserve to have it, such as 'tis. Gabriel recognized the voice as that of the parson. "I expect Poorgrass has that; and he's at the Buck's Head. I forgot to ask him for it." We'll put off the funeral till to-morrow morning. "It is unkind and unchristian," she said, "to leave the poor thing in a coach-house all night." We must remember that though she may have erred grievously in leaving her home, she is still our sister: and it is to be believed that God's uncovenanted mercies are extended towards her, and that she is a member of the flock of Christ." He still indecisively lingered beside the body. The scrawl was this simple one, "FANNY ROBIN AND CHILD." Gabriel took his handkerchief and carefully rubbed out the two latter words, leaving visible the inscription "FANNY ROBIN" only.
"No more to-night, Liddy." I'll sit up for him myself till twelve o'clock, and if he has not arrived by that time, I shall give him up and go to bed too." is it?" She suddenly exclaimed in an impulsive and excited whisper, "Have you heard anything strange said of Fanny?" "No--not a word!" It is about Fanny. Bathsheba trembled from head to foot. "I don't believe it!" nowhere in the house. She went to the lumber-closet for a screw-driver. She knelt beside the coffin, covered her face with her hands, and for a time the room was silent as a tomb. In her desire to make atonement she took flowers from a vase by the window, and began laying them around the dead girl's head. Bathsheba, pallid as a corpse on end, gazed back at him in the same wild way. His first confused idea was that somebody in the house had died. said Troy. He, still holding her, came up the room, and thus, hand in hand, Troy and Bathsheba approached the coffin's side. "It is." "I have to say that I have been a bad, black-hearted man," he answered. He turned to Fanny then. "But never mind, darling," he said; "in the sight of Heaven you are my very, very wife!" I am not morally yours." from the hedge. A squirrel. Presently he came opposite, and she believed from his voice that he was one of the boys on her own farm. Bathsheba never forgot that transient little picture of Liddy crossing the swamp to her there in the morning light. "Is Fanny taken away?" "Not yet. "Is Fanny gone?" said Bathsheba. Bathsheba wrapped herself up and ate and drank sparingly. She interrupted with--  "I wonder if Fanny is gone by this time?" All that day Bathsheba and Liddy lived in the attic in a state of barricade; a precaution which proved to be needless as against Troy, for he did not appear in the neighbourhood or trouble them at all. Bathsheba inquired, the next time that Liddy entered the room. "I think 'twas because two men came just then from Casterbridge and began putting up a grand carved tombstone," said Liddy. Bathsheba asked. TROY'S ROMANTICISM   When Troy's wife had left the house at the previous midnight his first act was to cover the dead from sight. Fate had dealt grimly with him through the last four-and-twenty hours. He regretted that he had not remained in Casterbridge and made inquiries. The position of this having been marked, he hastened on to Casterbridge, only pausing and musing for a while at the hill whereon he had last seen Fanny alive. It was all the money he possessed. Cutting the name, carriage to Weatherbury, and erection. In the afternoon he came back again, and found that the lettering was almost done. It was quite dark when Troy came out of Casterbridge. Troy slept on in the porch, and the rain increased outside. He saw a bulb, another, and another as he advanced. He did not attempt to fill up the hole, replace the flowers, or do anything at all. Meanwhile, Bathsheba remained a voluntary prisoner in the attic. Bathsheba did not sleep very heavily that night. "What a heavy rain we've had in the night, ma'am!" Gabriel has been here this morning!" she asked. "Has Mr. she said. Then her eye followed Oak's, and she read the words with which the inscription opened:--        ERECTED BY FRANCIS TROY       IN BELOVED MEMORY OF            FANNY ROBIN   Oak saw her, and his first act was to gaze inquiringly and learn how she received this knowledge of the authorship of the work, which to himself had caused considerable astonishment. He undressed and plunged in. He now recollected the place and its sinister character. Troy. Is that she there?" Her husband is drowned." But not to the ground. A coastguardsman found his clothes, and brought them into Budmouth yesterday." Liddy met her on the landing. I am perfectly convinced that he is still alive!" When alone late that evening beside a small fire, and much calmed down, Bathsheba took Troy's watch into her hand, which had been restored to her with the rest of the articles belonging to him.
The sight of the pigs turning in disgust from the rotten ears seemed to arouse Boldwood, and he one evening sent for Oak. This occurred in the middle of the haymaking, and Boldwood contrived to be near Liddy, who was assisting in the fields. "She is quite well, sir." I've been with her all through her troubles, and was with her at the time of Mr. Said that she might. In little more than six years from this time Bathsheba might certainly marry him. He tried to like the notion of waiting for her better than that of winning her at once. Meanwhile the early and the late summer brought round the week in which Greenhill Fair was held. Several of the sheep would get worn and lame, and occasionally a lambing occurred on the road. A circular tent, of exceptional newness and size, was in course of erection here. "The Royal Hippodrome Performance of Turpin's Ride to York and the Death of Black Bess," replied the man promptly, without turning his eyes or leaving off tying. Troy's appearance in this position may be briefly accounted for. He ultimately worked his passage to the United States, where he made a precarious living in various towns as Professor of Gymnastics, Sword Exercise, Fencing, and Pugilism. There was ever present, too, the idea that he could claim a home and its comforts did he but chose to return to England and Weatherbury Farm. Troy?" he said, nervously. Troy? Now Bathsheba did care a little to see the show, and had only withheld her feet from the ladder because she feared to go in alone. "But the play must proceed." said Farmer Boldwood. I'VE SEEN HIM. Bathsheba would not read it; she would not even put out her hand to take it. From the words and action of Pennyways, Troy, though he had not been able to see what the ex-bailiff wrote, had not a moment's doubt that the note referred to him. Troy? Boldwood handed towards her a plate of cut bread-and-butter; when, in order to take a slice, she put the note into her left hand, where she was still holding the purse, and then allowed her hand to drop beside her close to the canvas. Boldwood mounted his horse, and followed in close attendance behind. Every dog has his day: that was mine." She said, with some distress in her voice, for she remembered vividly his outburst on the Yalbury Road, and shrank from a repetition of his anger:--  "I will never marry another man whilst you wish me to be your wife, whatever comes--but to say more--you have taken me so by surprise--"  "But let it stand in these simple words--that in six years' time you will be my wife? "Oh no, it is not! "Christmas!" "The most mournful reason of all for my agreeing to it," she said sadly, "and the true reason why I think to do so for good or for evil, is this--it is a thing I have not breathed to a living soul as yet--I believe that if I don't give my word, he'll go out of his mind." said Gabriel, gravely. The real sin, ma'am in my mind, lies in thinking of ever wedding wi' a man you don't love honest and true." Boldwood?" "And on love--"  "My own." Yet he might have just hinted about that old love of his, and asked, in a playful off-hand way, if he might speak of it.
CONVERGING COURSES   Christmas-eve came, and a party that Boldwood was to give in the evening was the great subject of talk in Weatherbury. In spite of all this, the spirit of revelry was wanting in the atmosphere of the house. Bathsheba was at this time in her room, dressing for the event. "I am foolishly agitated--I cannot tell why. "But I am THE CAUSE of the party, and that upsets me!--Don't tell, Liddy." I am the reason of the party--I. Boldwood was dressing also at this hour. Boldwood at last     expressed himself nearly satisfied, and paid the bill, the tailor     passing out of the door just as Oak came in to report progress for     the day. Boldwood approached Gabriel, and as Oak tied the neckerchief the     farmer went on feverishly--      "Does a woman keep her promise, Gabriel?" "If it is not inconvenient to her she may." Don't build too much upon such     promises, sir. said Boldwood, vehemently. Bathsheba is a woman to her word." "Boldwood?" "I'm not so sure of that....  She's a handsome woman, Pennyways, is     she not? And at Little Weatherbury Farm too. He manages     everything." "I don't know about that. Troy." My intention     is ultimately to retire from the management altogether, and until you     can take all the expenditure upon your shoulders, I'll be a sleeping     partner in the stock. The old man who was his indoor factotum     came at the same moment to the foot of the stairs. Troy?" said Troy to Pennyways. "He was seen in Casterbridge this afternoon--so the boy said," one of them remarked in a whisper. "Dark as a hedge, to-night, isn't it? Oh my darling, my darling, why do you keep me in suspense like this?" They drew nearer, and ceased at the gate. Boldwood compressed his emotion to mere welcome: the men marked her light laugh and apology as she met him: he took her into the house; and the door closed again. "But it is! "We don't know that he will. she whispered. "A promise to marry me at the end of five years and three-quarters. But I give my promise, if I must. And Boldwood slipped the ring on her finger. "Only to-night: wear it just to-night, to please me!" she said, fairly beaten into non-resistance. Troy has come downstairs," said Samway to Tall. "A stranger?" The message was given, and Troy, wrapped up to his eyes as we have seen him, stood in the doorway. Troy turned to Bathsheba. "Bathsheba, I come here for you!" Nevertheless, she did not move. Troy stretched out his hand to pull her her towards him, when she quickly shrank back. This visible dread of him seemed to irritate Troy, and he seized her arm and pulled it sharply. As for Bathsheba, she had changed. "Ride to Casterbridge instantly for a surgeon. Mr. Boldwood has shot my husband." Troy. he said. "Where is she?" Everything was silent as the grave when they paused on the landing. "The body has been undressed and properly laid out in grave clothes. The resolution was adhered to; and all waited anxiously for the news next day. There were several sets of ladies' dresses in the piece, of sundry expensive materials; silks and satins, poplins and velvets, all of colours which from Bathsheba's style of dress might have been judged to be her favourites. Boldwood, as every one supposed he would do, had pleaded guilty, and had been sentenced to death. The conviction that Boldwood had not been morally responsible for his later acts now became general. A petition was addressed to the Home Secretary, advancing the circumstances which appeared to justify a request for a reconsideration of the sentence. Laban departed as directed, and at eleven o'clock that night several of the villagers strolled along the road to Casterbridge and awaited his arrival--among them Oak, and nearly all the rest of Bathsheba's men. "Is that you, Laban?" 'Tis confinement during Her Majesty's pleasure." BEAUTY IN LONELINESS--AFTER ALL   Bathsheba revived with the spring. When she reached a little shop at the other end of the place, which stood nearly opposite to the churchyard, Bathsheba heard singing inside the church, and she knew that the singers were practising. Once that she had begun to cry for she hardly knew what, she could not leave off for crowding thoughts she knew too well. Then they stood in a state of some embarrassment, Bathsheba trying to wipe her dreadfully drenched and inflamed face without his noticing her. Troy. "Leaving England!" "Why, Gabriel, what are you going to do that for?" "And it is because of that very helplessness that I feel bound to go. said Bathsheba, in surprise. "And was that all?" On the way home he heard a heavy tread in front of him, and, overtaking the man, found him to be Coggan. Then Gabriel went home, and prepared for the morrow.
  On an evening in the latter part of May a middle-aged man was walking homeward from Shaston to the village of Marlott, in the adjoining Vale of Blakemore, or Blackmoor. "Good night, Sir John," said the parson. Don't you really know, Durbeyfield, that you are the lineal representative of the ancient and knightly family of the d'Urbervilles, who derive their descent from Sir Pagan d'Urberville, that renowned knight who came from Normandy with William the Conqueror, as appears by Battle Abbey Roll?" Aye, there have been generations of Sir Johns among you, and if knighthood were hereditary, like a baronetcy, as it practically was in old times, when men were knighted from father to son, you would be Sir John now." said Durbeyfield. "Oh--nothing, nothing; except chasten yourself with the thought of 'how are the mighty fallen.' "What's that?" said Durbeyfield.
The club of Marlott alone lived to uphold the local Cerealia. In addition to the distinction of a white frock, every woman and girl carried in her right hand a peeled willow wand, and in her left a bunch of white flowers. Why, Tess Durbeyfield, if there isn't thy father riding hwome in a carriage!" Tess Durbeyfield at this time of her life was a mere vessel of emotion untinctured by experience. Among these on-lookers were three young men of a superior class, carrying small knapsacks strapped to their shoulders, and stout sticks in their hands. They leant over the gate by the highway, and inquired as to the meaning of the dance and the white-frocked maids. asked the eldest. As he fell out of the dance his eyes lighted on Tess Durbeyfield, whose own large orbs wore, to tell the truth, the faintest aspect of reproach that he had not chosen her. She was so modest, so expressive, she had looked so soft in her thin white gown that he felt he had acted stupidly.
  As for Tess Durbeyfield, she did not so easily dislodge the incident from her consideration. As usual, Mrs Durbeyfield was balanced on one foot beside the tub, the other being engaged in the aforesaid business of rocking her youngest child. Even now, when burdened with a young family, Joan Durbeyfield was a passionate lover of tune. Tess asked. "I'm glad of that. 'Tis thoughted that great things may come o't. "Where is father now?" asked Tess suddenly. It is fat round his heart, 'a says. 'You mid last ten years; you mid go off in ten months, or ten days.'" He do want to get up his strength for his journey to-morrow with that load of beehives, which must be delivered, family or no. Go to a public-house to get up his strength! Tess did not expostulate. Tess took it up, and her mother started. "Abraham," she said to her little brother, "do you put on your hat--you bain't afraid?--and go up to Rolliver's, and see what has gone wi' father and mother."
  Rolliver's inn, the single alehouse at this end of the long and broken village, could only boast of an off-licence; hence, as nobody could legally drink on the premises, the amount of overt accommodation for consumers was strictly limited to a little board about six inches wide and two yards long, fixed to the garden palings by pieces of wire, so as to form a ledge. asked Mrs Durbeyfield. "And my projick is to send Tess to claim kin." "There IS a lady of the name, now you mention it," said Durbeyfield. "How?" "I've not asked her. "Tess is queer." "But she's tractable at bottom. "But Joan Durbeyfield must mind that she don't get green malt in floor." Her mother at length agreed to this arrangement. "Tess!" "Yes, Abraham." "What?" said Tess, lifting her face. "That our great relation will help 'ee to marry a gentleman." "Did you say the stars were worlds, Tess?" Most of them splendid and sound--a few blighted." "A blighted one." "Is it like that REALLY, Tess?" The groan had proceeded from her father's poor horse Prince. "You was on the wrong side," he said. He mounted and sped on his way; while Tess stood and waited. she went on to herself. "'Tis because we be on a blighted star, and not a sound one, isn't it, Tess?" How to break the news was more than she could think. "Is he gone to heaven?" Then Durbeyfield began to shovel in the earth, and the children cried anew.
Distress, if not penury, loomed in the distance. Do ye know that there is a very rich Mrs d'Urberville living on the outskirts o' The Chase, who must be our relation? You must go to her and claim kin, and ask for some help in our trouble." The oppressive sense of the harm she had done led Tess to be more deferential than she might otherwise have been to the maternal wish; but she could not understand why her mother should find such satisfaction in contemplating an enterprise of, to her, such doubtful profit. "If you say she ought to go, she will go." It was that of a tall young man, smoking. What is the business you wish to see her about?" "They are already here." he asked. My mother must find a berth for you. "I wish for no better, sir," said she with something of dignity. Had she perceived this meeting's import she might have asked why she was doomed to be seen and coveted that day by the wrong man, and not by some other man, the right and desired one in all respects--as nearly as humanity can supply the right and desired; yet to him who amongst her acquaintance might have approximated to this kind, she was but a transient impression, half forgotten.
  Tess went down the hill to Trantridge Cross, and inattentively waited to take her seat in the van returning from Chaseborough to Shaston. Then she became aware of the spectacle she presented to their surprised vision: roses at her breasts; roses in her hat; roses and strawberries in her basket to the brim. "I've had a letter." "Mrs d'Urberville wrote it. The letter was in the third person, and briefly informed Mrs Durbeyfield that her daughter's services would be useful to that lady in the management of her poultry-farm, that a comfortable room would be provided for her if she could come, and that the wages would be on a liberal scale if they liked her. "I would rather stay here with father and you," she said. "But why?" He had wished to know, finally, in the name of his mother, if Tess could really come to manage the old lady's fowl-farm or not; the lad who had hitherto superintended the birds having proved untrustworthy. "He is a mighty handsome man!" "He's struck wi' her--you can see that. she asked. But--but--I don't quite like Mr d'Urberville being there!" murmured Joan Durbeyfield doubtingly. The light-minded woman had been discovering good matches for her daughter almost from the year of her birth.
Her mother expostulated. said Tess. said Tess. But whatever you do, don't zay too much to Tess of his fancy for her, and this chance she has got. Seeing their mother put on her bonnet, the younger children clamoured to go with her. "Goodbye, father," said Tess, with a lumpy throat. "Not for less than a thousand pound!" "I was thinking that perhaps it would ha' been better if Tess had not gone." Joan Durbeyfield always managed to find consolation somewhere: "Well, as one of the genuine stock, she ought to make her way with 'en, if she plays her trump card aright. "What's her trump card? Her d'Urberville blood, you mean?"
  Having mounted beside her, Alec d'Urberville drove rapidly along the crest of the first hill, chatting compliments to Tess as they went, the cart with her box being left far behind. She grasped his waist, and so they reached the bottom. said she, her face on fire. D'Urberville turned his face to her as they rocked, and said, in playful raillery: "Now then, put your arms round my waist again, as you did before, my Beauty." "Never!" But I--thought you would be kind to me, and protect me, as my kinsman!" He was inexorable, and she sat still, and d'Urberville gave her the kiss of mastery. "You are mighty sensitive for a cottage girl!" She sighed. she said. D'Urberville pulled up, and said he would get it for her, but Tess was down on the other side. "You artful hussy!
"Mrs d'Urberville wants the fowls as usual," she said; but perceiving that Tess did not quite understand, she explained, "Mis'ess is a old lady, and blind." said Tess. said Mrs d'Urberville, recognizing a new footstep. "Whistle, Ma'am?" "Then you will have to practise it every day. Mrs d'Urberville was not the first mother compelled to love her offspring resentfully, and to be bitterly fond. Why, you are quite cross because you can't do it." "You'll find her so; she must be, to make you learn to whistle to her bullfinches. A familiarity with Alec d'Urberville's presence--which that young man carefully cultivated in her by playful dialogue, and by jestingly calling her his cousin when they were alone--removed much of her original shyness of him, without, however, implanting any feeling which could engender shyness of a new and tenderer kind. She soon found that whistling to the bullfinches in Mrs d'Urberville's room was no such onerous business when she had regained the art, for she had caught from her musical mother numerous airs that suited those songsters admirably. Once while Tess was at the window where the cages were ranged, giving her lesson as usual, she thought she heard a rustling behind the bed.
For a long time Tess did not join in the weekly pilgrimages. But under pressure from matrons not much older than herself--for a field-man's wages being as high at twenty-one as at forty, marriage was early here--Tess at length consented to go. She went again and again. But others would not, and another dance was formed. She did not abhor dancing, but she was not going to dance here. The movement grew more passionate: the fiddlers behind the luminous pillar of cloud now and then varied the air by playing on the wrong side of the bridge or with the back of the bow. He beckoned to her, and she reluctantly retreated towards him. This leading pedestrian was Car the Queen of Spades, who carried a wicker-basket containing her mother's groceries, her own draperies, and other purchases for the week. All looked at Car. Her gown was a light cotton print, and from the back of her head a kind of rope could be seen descending to some distance below her waist, like a Chinaman's queue. said the latter majestically; "and if I had know you was of that sort, I wouldn't have so let myself down as to come with such a whorage as this is!" Tess was indignant and ashamed. he asked. laughed dark Car's mother, stroking her moustache as she explained laconically: "Out of the frying-pan into the fire!"
She begged him to slow the animal to a walk, which Alec accordingly did. he said by and by. said she. "I am sure I ought to be much obliged to you." "And are you?" She did not reply. "I am angry with you sometimes!" Nevertheless, Alec did not object to that confession. He knew that anything was better then frigidity. "I haven't offended you often by love-making?" "You have sometimes." "Every time I have tried?" She was inexpressibly weary. D'Urberville stopped the horse, withdrew his feet from the stirrups, turned sideways on the saddle, and enclosed her waist with his arm to support her. This immediately put her on the defensive, and with one of those sudden impulses of reprisal to which she was liable she gave him a little push from her. "That is devilish unkind!" he said. Will you, I ask once more, show your belief in me by letting me clasp you with my arm? she exclaimed. "A bit of The Chase--the oldest wood in England. Please set me down, and let me walk home." said she. Somebody gave it to him." he asked. Let me see." He pulled off a light overcoat that he had worn, and put it round her tenderly. In the meantime Alec d'Urberville had pushed on up the slope to clear his genuine doubt as to the quarter of The Chase they were in. "Tess!" There was no answer. She was sleeping soundly, and upon her eyelashes there lingered tears. But, might some say, where was Tess's guardian angel?
It was a Sunday morning in late October, about four months after Tess Durbeyfield's arrival at Trantridge, and some few weeks subsequent to the night ride in The Chase. Ascending by the long white road that Tess herself had just laboured up, she saw a two-wheeled vehicle, beside which walked a man, who held up his hand to attract her attention. You know that nobody wished to hinder your going. "I shan't come back," said she. But she had not, and she sat now, like a puppet, replying to his remarks in monosyllables. "What are you crying for?" Well, if you didn't wish to come to Trantridge why did you come?" She did not reply. ...  My eyes were dazed by you for a little, and that was all." I suppose I am a bad fellow--a damn bad fellow. But all letters will be forwarded." She said that she did not wish him to drive her further, and they stopped just under the clump of trees. It is true. "Never, never! He appeared to be an artisan of some sort, and carried a tin pot of red paint in his hand. He asked in a business-like manner if he should take her basket, which she permitted him to do, walking beside him. "But," said she tremulously, "suppose your sin was not of your own seeking?" "I cannot split hairs on that burning query," he said. But Tess did not answer; she throbbingly resumed her walk, her eyes fixed on the ground. she murmured contemptuously when her flush had died away. "Well!--my dear Tess!" "No, I have not come for that, mother." "Yes--for a holiday; for a long holiday," said Tess. Her mother eyed her narrowly. Get Alec d'Urberville in the mind to marry her! He marry HER! That was all. Hate him she did not quite; but he was dust and ashes to her, and even for her name's sake she scarcely wished to marry him. Why didn't you warn me? Her mother was subdued.
In the course of a few weeks Tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one Sunday morning. She knew what their whispers were about, grew sick at heart, and felt that she could come to church no more. The only exercise that Tess took at this time was after dark; and it was then, when out in the woods, that she seemed least solitary. Walking among the sleeping birds in the hedges, watching the skipping rabbits on a moonlit warren, or standing under a pheasant-laden bough, she looked upon herself as a figure of Guilt intruding into the haunts of Innocence.
At intervals she stands up to rest, and to retie her disarranged apron, or to pull her bonnet straight. After a long seclusion she had come to a resolve to undertake outdoor work in her native village, the busiest season of the year in the agricultural world having arrived, and nothing that she could do within the house being so remunerative for the time as harvesting in the fields. "She's fond of that there child, though she mid pretend to hate en, and say she wishes the baby and her too were in the churchyard," observed the woman in the red petticoat. But now that her moral sorrows were passing away a fresh one arose on the natural side of her which knew no social law. When she reached home it was to learn to her grief that the baby had been suddenly taken ill since the afternoon. Her baby had not been baptized. It was nearly bedtime, but she rushed downstairs and asked if she might send for the parson. The infant's breathing grew more difficult, and the mother's mental tension increased. she cried. She did not look like Sissy to them now, but as a being large, towering, and awful--a divine personage with whom they had nothing in common. Tess, who mused on the christening a good deal, wondered if it were doctrinally sufficient to secure a Christian burial for the child. "Then will you give him a Christian burial?" She seized his hand as she spoke. Don't for God's sake speak as saint to sinner, but as you yourself to me myself--poor me!" Somewhat moved, he said in this case also--  "It will be just the same."
Almost at a leap Tess thus changed from simple girl to complex woman. Her eyes grew larger and more eloquent. Was once lost always lost really true of chastity? She waited a long time without finding opportunity for a new departure. On one point she was resolved: there should be no more d'Urberville air-castles in the dreams and deeds of her new life.
This leaving of the younger children she had decided to be for the best; were she to remain they would probably gain less good by her precepts than harm by her example. "Pooh--I have as much of mother as father in me!"
Tess, who had given ear to this, thought the words were addressed to the dairyman, but she was wrong. A reply, in the shape of "Why?" The bull softened down, and stood still, looking hard at William Dewy, who fiddled on and on; till a sort of a smile stole over the bull's face. It was not Christmas Eve then, but it came into his head to play a trick upon the bull. "It's a curious story; it carries us back to medieval times, when faith was a living thing!" I knowed the man well." "Mr Angel Clare--he that is learning milking, and that plays the harp--never says much to us. He is a pa'son's son, and is too much taken up wi' his own thoughts to notice girls. Yes, he is quite the gentleman-born. His father is the Reverent Mr Clare at Emminster--a good many miles from here." All his sons, except our Mr Clare, be made pa'sons too."
Nevertheless, something nebulous, preoccupied, vague, in his bearing and regard, marked him as one who probably had no very definite aim or concern about his material future. He was the youngest son of his father, a poor parson at the other end of the county, and had arrived at Talbothays Dairy as a six months' pupil, after going the round of some other farms, his object being to acquire a practical skill in the various processes of farming, with a view either to the Colonies or the tenure of a home-farm, as circumstances might decide. Mr Clare the elder, whose first wife had died and left him a daughter, married a second late in life. Of these boys the aforesaid Angel, the child of his old age, was the only son who had not taken a University degree, though he was the single one of them whose early promise might have done full justice to an academical training. "To read." his father repeated. Perhaps if Angel had persevered he might have gone to Cambridge like his brothers. He spent years and years in desultory studies, undertakings, and meditations; he began to evince considerable indifference to social forms and observances. The material distinctions of rank and wealth he increasingly despised. The conventional farm-folk of his imagination-- personified in the newspaper-press by the pitiable dummy known as Hodge--were obliterated after a few days' residence. He grew away from old associations, and saw something new in life and humanity. Clare continued to observe her. "What a fresh and virginal daughter of Nature that milkmaid is!" And then he seemed to discern in her something that was familiar, something which carried him back into a joyous and unforeseeing past, before the necessity of taking thought had made the heavens gray.
It was Dairyman Crick's rule to insist on breaking down these partialities and aversions by constant interchange, since otherwise, in the event of a milkman or maid going away from the dairy, he was placed in a difficulty. "Mr Clare, you have ranged the cows!" Her misgiving was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone, to continue her regrets that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. "No." This hobble of being alive is rather serious, don't you think so?" Tess, on her part, could not understand why a man of clerical family and good education, and above physical want, should look upon it as a mishap to be alive. It was true that he was at present out of his class. Would you like to take up any course of study--history, for example?" "Sometimes I feel I don't want to know anything more about it than I know already." "Tess, fie for such bitterness!" he can't stomach old families!" After hearing this caricature of Clare's opinion poor Tess was glad that she had not said a word in a weak moment about her family--even though it was so unusually old almost to have gone round the circle and become a new one.
Tess had never in her recent life been so happy as she was now, possibly never would be so happy again. The spectral, half-compounded, aqueous light which pervaded the open mead impressed them with a feeling of isolation, as if they were Adam and Eve. She was no longer the milkmaid, but a visionary essence of woman--a whole sex condensed into one typical form. He called her Artemis, Demeter, and other fanciful names half teasingly, which she did not like because she did not understand them. "Call me Tess," she would say askance; and he did.
  There was a great stir in the milk-house just after breakfast. The churn revolved as usual, but the butter would not come. Whenever this happened the dairy was paralyzed. "Perhaps somebody in the house is in love," she said tentatively. "I've heard tell in my younger days that that will cause it. I can mind all about it--'twas the damage to the churn." 'The villain--where is he?' says she. stop the churn! says the old woman. And on went the churn, and Jack's bones rattled round again. She was wretched--O so wretched--at the perception that to her companions the dairyman's story had been rather a humorous narration than otherwise; none of them but herself seemed to see the sorrow of it; to a certainty, not one knew how cruelly it touched the tender place in her experience. "What a tale! "We can't all marry him," said Izz. "Because he likes Tess Durbeyfield best," said Marian, lowering her voice. said Izz Huett impatiently. "Of course he won't marry any one of us, or Tess either--a gentleman's son, who's going to be a great landowner and farmer abroad! This conversation was another of the bitter pills she had been obliged to swallow that day.
Dairyman Crick was discovered stamping about the house. "Yes--taste for yourself!" and I thought there wasn't a blade left in that mead!" It was not, of course, by accident that he walked next to Tess. Dairyman Crick withdrew, and Tess dropped behind. "Don't they look pretty?" "Izzy Huett and Retty." "Pretty? Why it that?" Self-sacrificing as her mood might be, Tess could not well go further and cry, "Marry one of them, if you really do want a dairywoman and not a lady; and don't think of marrying me!" From this day she forced herself to take pains to avoid him--never allowing herself, as formerly, to remain long in his company, even if their juxtaposition were purely accidental.
It was Sunday morning; the milking was done; the outdoor milkers had gone home. While they stood clinging to the bank they heard a splashing round the bend of the road, and presently appeared Angel Clare, advancing along the lane towards them through the water. "He's not going to church," said Marian. murmured Tess. "It is the only way for you to get past. You must be so tired, Mr Clare!" he exclaimed. The four moved on together as before, till Marian broke the silence by saying--  "No--in all truth; we have no chance against her!" He would have kissed 'ee, if you had encouraged him to do it, ever so little." Tess's heart ached. There was no concealing from herself the fact that she loved Angel Clare, perhaps all the more passionately from knowing that the others had also lost their hearts to him. "I will never stand in your way, nor in the way of either of you!" she declared to Retty that night in the bedroom (her tears running down). "Some lady looked out for him?" But he is sure to marry her." After this disclosure Tess nourished no further foolish thought that there lurked any grave and deliberate import in Clare's attentions to her. It was a passing summer love of her face, for love's own temporary sake--nothing more.
The air of the place, so fresh in the spring and early summer, was stagnant and enervating now. Its heavy scents weighed upon them, and at mid-day the landscape seemed lying in a swoon. Tess was taken completely by surprise, and she yielded to his embrace with unreflecting inevitableness. he whispered. "She is angry--she doesn't know what we mean--she'll kick over the milk!" he said. Yet in the interval since Crick's last view of them something had occurred which changed the pivot of the universe for their two natures; something which, had he known its quality, the dairyman would have despised, as a practical man; yet which was based upon a more stubborn and resistless tendency than a whole heap of so-called practicalities. A veil had been whisked aside; the tract of each one's outlook was to have a new horizon thenceforward--for a short time or for a long.
He sat on the east gate of the dairy-yard, and knew not what to think of himself. Since the sudden embrace, three hours before, the twain had kept apart. It was amazing, indeed, to find how great a matter the life of the obscure dairy had become to him. In less than five months his term here would have ended, and after a few additional months spent upon other farms he would be fully equipped in agricultural knowledge and in a position to start on his own account. Would not a farmer want a wife, and should a farmer's wife be a drawing-room wax-figure, or a woman who understood farming? One morning when they sat down to breakfast at Talbothays Dairy some maid observed that she had not seen anything of Mr Clare that day. "O no," said Dairyman Crick. "Mr Clare has gone hwome to Emminster to spend a few days wi' his kinsfolk." After that the blackness of unutterable night. Dared he to marry her? The young lady was Miss Mercy Chant, the only daughter of his father's neighbour and friend, whom it was his parents' quiet hope that he might wed some day. A spiritual descendant in the direct line from Wycliff, Huss, Luther, Calvin; an Evangelical of the Evangelicals, a Conversionist, a man of Apostolic simplicity in life and thought, he had in his raw youth made up his mind once for all in the deeper questions of existence, and admitted no further reasoning on them thenceforward. After breakfast he walked with his two brothers, non-evangelical, well-educated, hall-marked young men, correct to their remotest fibre, such unimpeachable models as are turned out yearly by the lathe of a systematic tuition. When Wordsworth was enthroned they carried pocket copies; and when Shelley was belittled they allowed him to grow dusty on their shelves. If these two noticed Angel's growing social ineptness, he noticed their growing mental limitations. "We never drink spirits at this table, on principle," added his father. said Angel. "I rather wanted to say we enjoyed the mead and the black-puddings very much.
The young man first discussed with the elder his plans for the attainment of his position as a farmer on an extensive scale--either in England or in the Colonies. His father then told him that, as he had not been put to the expense of sending Angel up to Cambridge, he had felt it his duty to set by a sum of money every year towards the purchase or lease of land for him some day, that he might not feel himself unduly slighted. "A truly Christian woman, who will be a help and a comfort to you in your goings-out and your comings-in. It would be desirable." But she IS a lady, nevertheless--in feeling and nature." "Mercy Chant is of a very good family." said Angel quickly. "Mercy is accomplished. She's brim full of poetry--actualized poetry, if I may use the expression. Angel flushed with distress. "No, he did not. Now, as always, Clare's father was sanguine as a child; and though the younger could not accept his parent's narrow dogma, he revered his practice and recognized the hero under the pietist.
he whispered, putting his arm round her, and his face to her flushed cheek. Possibly the Talbothays milk was not very thoroughly skimmed that afternoon. I shall soon want to marry, and, being a farmer, you see I shall require for my wife a woman who knows all about the management of farms. Will you be that woman, Tessy?" "O Mr Clare--I cannot be your wife--I cannot be!" "But, Tess!" Driven to subterfuge, she stammered--  "Your father is a parson, and your mother wouldn' like you to marry such as me. She will want you to marry a lady." she said, turning away from him. He has been telling me of a very unpleasant scene in which he took part quite recently. replied she with grave hopelessness, as one who had heard anew the turmoil of her own past in the allusion to Alec d'Urberville. "It CAN'T be!"
  Her refusal, though unexpected, did not permanently daunt Clare. His experience of women was great enough for him to be aware that the negative often meant nothing more than the preface to the affirmative; and it was little enough for him not to know that in the manner of the present negative there lay a great exception to the dallyings of coyness. She started. "Yes--something like that," murmured she. "Why don't somebody tell him all about me?" she said. she exclaimed. I will tell you my experiences--all about myself--all!" "Say on Sunday?" She went in and upstairs without a light. Yet it is a wrong to him, and may kill him when he knows!
"Well," said the dairyman, "'tis that slack-twisted 'hore's-bird of a feller, Jack Dollop. He's lately got married to a widow-woman." "And had he married the valiant matron's daughter, as he promised?" Never meant to," replied the dairyman. "Well, the silly body should have told en sooner that the ghost of her first man would trouble him," said Mrs Crick. "Be cust if I'd have done either o't," said Beck Knibbs, a married helper from one of the cottages. "All's fair in love and war. What was comedy to them was tragedy to her; and she could hardly bear their mirth. "Tess!" "Angel." "Angel dearest--why not?" "What is in them?" It must go to station straight from here.
Wipe them in the cloth. "Yes," said Tess. "Londoners will drink it at their breakfasts to-morrow, won't they?" she asked. Now, permit me to put it in this way. "But my history. "I--I--am not a Durbeyfield, but a d'Urberville--a descendant of the same family as those that owned the old house we passed. And is that all the trouble, dear Tess?" He laughed. I do hate the aristocratic principle of blood before everything, and do think that as reasoners the only pedigrees we ought to respect are those spiritual ones of the wise and virtuous, without regard to corporal paternity. For your own sake I rejoice in your descent. Tess, you must spell your name correctly--d'Urberville--from this very day." "Now then, Mistress Teresa d'Urberville, I have you. He clasped her close and kissed her. She might as well have agreed at first. "At the same place--Marlott.
  Tess wrote a most touching and urgent letter to her mother the very next day, and by the end of the week a response to her communication arrived in Joan Durbeyfield's wandering last-century hand. Many a woman--some of the Highest in the    Land--have had a Trouble in their time; and why should    you Trumpet yours when others don't Trumpet theirs? murmured Tess. Her mother did not see life as Tess saw it. She dismissed the past--trod upon it and put it out, as one treads on a coal that is smouldering and dangerous. "But if it should reach the ears of your friends at Emminster that you are walking about like this with me, a milkmaid--"  "The most bewitching milkmaid ever seen." "My dear girl--a d'Urberville hurt the dignity of a Clare! "I am not worthy of you--no, I am not!" "That is just what I feel. When shall it be? "But--"  He drew her gently nearer to him. "I want to hate 'ee; but I cannot!" "He ought to marry one of you," murmured Tess. "You are all better than I." she cried.
But Tess's desire seemed to be for a perpetual betrothal in which everything should remain as it was then. "Angel, I will fix the day when I will become yours for always!" And to leave her in farmland would be to let her slip back again out of accord with him. Next, he wished to see a little of the working of a flour-mill, having an idea that he might combine the use of one with corn-growing. She found him determined to spend a short time at the Wellbridge flour-mills. The thirty-first of December, New Year's Eve, was the date. A licence will be quieter for us, and I have decided on a licence without consulting you. Alone, she stood for a moment before the glass looking at the effect of her silk attire; and then there came into her head her mother's ballad of the mystic robe--        That never would become that wife        That had once done amiss,   which Mrs Durbeyfield had used to sing to her as a child, so blithely and so archly, her foot on the cradle, which she rocked to the tune.
  Angel felt that he would like to spend a day with her before the wedding, somewhere away from the dairy, as a last jaunt in her company while there were yet mere lover and mistress; a romantic day, in circumstances that would never be repeated; with that other and greater day beaming close ahead of them. They went in the gig that day. "A comely maid that," said the other. This was the last drachm required to turn the scale of her indecision. She sat down and wrote on the four pages of a note-sheet a succinct narrative of those events of three or four years ago, put it into an envelope, and directed it to Clare. Then, lest the flesh should again be weak, she crept upstairs without any shoes and slipped the note under his door. He met her at the bottom of the stairs and kissed her. Surely it was as warmly as ever! Could it be that her doubts were childish? Every morning and night he was the same, and thus New Year's Eve broke--the wedding day. Upheld by the momentum of the time, Tess knew nothing of this, did not see anything, did not know the road they were taking to the church. "Oh--you have heard the legend of the d'Urberville Coach--that well-known superstition of this county about your family when they were very popular here; and this lumbering old thing reminds you of it." A certain d'Urberville of the sixteenth or seventeenth century committed a dreadful crime in his family coach; and since that time members of the family see or hear the old coach whenever--But I'll tell you another day--it is rather gloomy. "Now, Tess!" Was she not more truly Mrs Alexander d'Urberville? However, when she found herself alone in her room for a few minutes--the last day this on which she was ever to enter it--she knelt down and prayed. She tried to pray to God, but it was her husband who really had her supplication. "An afternoon crow!" "Tell the man to drive on.
"Welcome to one of your ancestral mansions!" On entering they found that, though they had only engaged a couple of rooms, the farmer had taken advantage of their proposed presence during the coming days to pay a New Year's visit to some friends, leaving a woman from a neighbouring cottage to minister to their few wants. "How vexing!" said Tess. Unlocking the case, they found it to contain a necklace, with pendant, bracelets, and ear-rings; and also some other small ornaments. said Tess. "If you were only to appear in a ball-room!" They must be sold, I suppose?" asked Tess. How strange it was! But I did not. He then told her of that time of his life to which allusion has been made when, tossed about by doubts and difficulties in London, like a cork on the waves, he plunged into eight-and-forty hours' dissipation with a stranger. She bent forward, at which each diamond on her neck gave a sinister wink like a toad's; and pressing her forehead against his temple she entered on her story of her acquaintance with Alec d'Urberville and its results, murmuring the words without flinching, and with her eyelids drooping down.
Clare performed the irrelevant act of stirring the fire; the intelligence had not even yet got to the bottom of him. His face had withered. "Tess!" O you cannot be out of your mind! she whispered with a dry mouth. "I have forgiven you for the same!" "Angel, Angel! "Another woman in your shape." The horrible sense of his view of her so deadened her that she staggered, and he stepped forward, thinking she was going to fall. "It is not me, but another woman like me that he loved, he says." Her eyes filled as she regarded her position further; she turned round and burst into a flood of self-sympathetic tears. "Angel," she said suddenly, in her natural tones, the insane, dry voice of terror having left her now. "And if I order you to do anything?" "I will obey you like your wretched slave, even if it is to lie down and die." But it strikes me that there is a want of harmony between your present mood of self-sacrifice and your past mood of self-preservation." He quietly left the room, and the two glasses of wine that he had poured out for their supper--one for her, one for him--remained on the table untasted. At last, however, her listless walk brought her up alongside him, and still he said nothing. What a weak thing her presence must have become to him! O, it is not in me, and I am not that deceitful woman you think me!" I was a child--a child when it happened! I knew nothing of men." "I do forgive you, but forgiveness is not all." "Lots of families are as bad as mine in that! It is nonsense to have such thoughts in this kind of case, which is rather one for satirical laughter than for tragedy. Please oblige me by returning to the house, and going to bed." Her measured breathing told that she was sleeping profoundly. He resumed his retreat and descended.
She had a milk-can in her hand, which he told her to leave at the door. But it soon died when she looked at him. The pair were, in truth, but the ashes of their former fires. "Angel!" "Tess! Say it is not true! "It is true." "Is he living?" "But the man?" "Is he in England?" You CAN get rid of me." "By divorcing me." I thought my confession would give you grounds for that." he inquired. "Of putting an end to myself." "Under your mistletoe." she said, shrinking. I was afraid that it might cause a scandal to your name." About one he showed himself. he said. She raised her eyes, and brightened somewhat. "You MAY think so, Tess! I told you I thought I was not respectable enough long ago--and on that account I didn't want to marry you, only--only you urged me!" It would almost have won round any man but Angel Clare. Within the remote depths of his constitution, so gentle and affectionate as he was in general, there lay hidden a hard logical deposit, like a vein of metal in a soft loam, which turned the edge of everything that attempted to traverse it. It had blocked his acceptance of the Church; it blocked his acceptance of Tess. He waited till her sobbing ceased. "It isn't a question of respectability, but one of principle!" Tess shrank into herself as if she had been struck. It was imperative that we should stay together a little while, to avoid the scandal to you that would have resulted from our immediate parting. But you must see it is only for form's sake." "I cannot" he said, "without despising myself, and what is worse, perhaps, despising you. Yet, like the majority of women, she accepted the momentary presentment as if it were the inevitable. Yet Clare's love was doubtless ethereal to a fault, imaginative to impracticability. You must go away from me." "And you would like to go home?" Though she did not look up at him, she started.
Tess, who used the upper chamber, heard it and awoke. dead! dead!" Tess saw that continued mental distress had wrought him into that somnambulistic state now. After fixedly regarding her for some moments with the same gaze of unmeasurable woe, he bent lower, enclosed her in his arms, and rolled her in the sheet as in a shroud. Then lifting her from the bed with as much respect as one would show to a dead body, he carried her across the room, murmuring--  "My poor, poor Tess--my dearest, darling Tess! So sweet, so good, so true!" He paused in his labours for a moment to lean with her against the banister. Was he going to throw her down? Then he clasped her with a renewed firmness of hold, and descended the staircase. now she knew what he was dreaming of--that Sunday morning when he had borne her along through the water with the other dairymaids, who had loved him nearly as much as she, if that were possible, which Tess could hardly admit. Was he going to drown her? He reached the other side with her in safety. Against the north wall was the empty stone coffin of an abbot, in which every tourist with a turn for grim humour was accustomed to stretch himself. Tess sat up in the coffin. She had heard of such deaths after sleep-walking. She induced him to lie down on his own sofa bed, and covered him up warmly, lighting a temporary fire of wood, to dry any dampness out of him. As soon as they met the next morning Tess divined that Angel knew little or nothing of how far she had been concerned in the night's excursion, though, as regarded himself, he may have been aware that he had not lain still. And then, although she would rather there had been no word spoken on the subject, Tess had to hear in detail the story of Marian and Retty. They feared she would come to no good. At a midway point, when Nuttlebury had been passed, and where there were cross-roads, Clare stopped the conveyance and said to Tess that if she meant to return to her mother's house it was here that he would leave her. I will let you know where I go to as soon as I know myself. But until I come to you it will be better that you should not try to come to me." "May I write to you?" "O yes--if you are ill, or want anything at all.
"Marlott is Marlott still. Folks have died and that. Just by the garden-hedge she was met by a girl who knew her--one of the two or three with whom she had been intimate at school. "Married! "Gone away! "Mother!" she gasped through her sobs. "But you sinned enough to marry him first!" Tess was so shaken that she could get no further, and sank, a helpless thing, into a chair. Her old bed had been adapted for two younger children. There was no place here for her now. He was a foot-haggler now, having been obliged to sell his second horse, and he travelled with his basket on his arm. "To think, now, that this was to be the end o't!" O, she could not live long at home! A few days, accordingly, were all that she allowed herself here, at the end of which time she received a short note from Clare, informing her that he had gone to the North of England to look at a farm. Still further to screen her husband from any imputation of unkindness to her, she took twenty-five of the fifty pounds Clare had given her, and handed the sum over to her mother, as if the wife of a man like Angel Clare could well afford it, saying that it was a slight return for the trouble and humiliation she had brought upon them in years past.
  It was three weeks after the marriage that Clare found himself descending the hill which led to the well-known parsonage of his father. His conduct during these first weeks had been desultory beyond description. Then he became weary and anxious, and his anxiety increased. He wondered if he had treated her unfairly. He ate without knowing that he ate, and drank without tasting. With this view he was returning to Emminster to disclose his plan to his parents, and to make the best explanation he could make of arriving without Tess, short of revealing what had actually separated them. I have come home rather in a hurry because I've decided to go to Brazil." "Are they? He was afraid they would not. "And that she is pure and virtuous goes without question?" "Pure and virtuous, of course, she is." "My dear son, your father has decided to read us the chapter in Proverbs in praise of a virtuous wife. Clare could bear this no longer. He went to his own chamber. His mother followed him, and tapped at his door. "But we have had a difference--"  "Angel--is she a young woman whose history will bear investigation?" "She is spotless!" In considering what Tess was not, he overlooked what she was, and forgot that the defective can be more than the entire.
On his way back he encountered Miss Mercy Chant by the church, from whose walls she seemed to be a sort of emanation. "And Roman Catholicism sin, and sin damnation. "_I_ glory in my Protestantism!" He also paid into the bank thirty pounds--to be sent to Tess in a few months, as she might require; and wrote to her at her parents' home in Blackmoor Vale to inform her of what he had done. But had he not been cruelly blinded? If you had only told me sooner, I would have forgiven you!" "Why is that?" Izz looked down. "Going to Brazil." she asked. "How is that? "If you had I should have said 'Yes', and you would have married a woman who loved 'ee!" "Down to the ground!" "I am going to Brazil alone, Izz," said he. "I have separated from my wife for personal, not voyaging, reasons. I may not be able to love you; but--will you go with me instead of her?" "Remember, you are not to trust me in morals now. But I ought to remind you that it will be wrong-doing in the eyes of civilization--Western civilization, that is to say." She shook her head. "How's that?" ...  She would have laid down her life for 'ee. I COULD DO NO MORE!" "I don't know what I've been saying! And you, Izzy, you have saved me by your honest words about my wife from an incredible impulse towards folly and treachery. Women may be bad, but they are not so bad as men in these things!
After again leaving Marlott, her home, she had got through the spring and summer without any great stress upon her physical powers, the time being mainly spent in rendering light irregular service at dairy-work near Port-Bredy to the west of the Blackmoor Valley, equally remote from her native place and from Talbothays. She had been compelled to send her mother her address from time to time, but she concealed her circumstances. They probably despised her already; how much more they would despise her in the character of a mendicant! The set of brilliants returned to her mind. To return. Tess could not account for this distinction; she simply knew that she felt it. She was now on her way to an upland farm in the centre of the county, to which she had been recommended by a wandering letter which had reached her from Marian. The man turned and stared hard at her. She recognized in him the well-to-do boor whom Angel had knocked down at the inn for addressing her coarsely. Still no answer came from Tess. she exclaimed, her tears running down as she killed the birds tenderly.
She reached Chalk-Newton, and breakfasted at an inn, where several young men were troublesomely complimentary to her good looks. Then with her little scissors, by the aid of a pocket looking-glass, she mercilessly nipped her eyebrows off, and thus insured against aggressive admiration, she went on her uneven way. I'll always be ugly now, because Angel is not here, and I have nobody to take care of me. Thus she went forward from farm to farm in the direction of the place whence Marian had written to her, which she determined to make use of as a last shift only, its rumoured stringencies being the reverse of tempting. She had, in fact, reached Flintcomb-Ash, the place of Marian's sojourn. Marian paused. Do not call me Mrs Clare, but Tess, as before. Will you speak for me?" I don't wish to bring his name down to the dirt."
But Tess set to work. Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity, was now no longer a minor feature in Mrs Angel Clare; and it sustained her. They worked on hour after hour, unconscious of the forlorn aspect they bore in the landscape, not thinking of the justice or injustice of their lot. "I'll write to Izz Huett," she said. Then one day a peculiar quality invaded the air of this open country. said Marian. She had not turned at first, but his fixed attitude led her to look round, when she perceived that her employer was the native of Trantridge from whom she had taken flight on the high-road because of his allusion to her history. "He was a very splendid lover, no doubt," she said; "but I don't think he is a too fond husband to go away from you so soon." He did not go away, like some husbands, without telling me; and I can always find out where he is." Then Tess suddenly flagged, and sank down upon the heap of wheat-ears at her feet. cried Marian. "It wants harder flesh than yours for this work." Just then the farmer entered. Now you go and lie down there, and Izz and I will make up your number." "And I loved him so! He wanted her to go off to Brazil with him." Anyhow he changed his mind." I have been very wrong and neglectful in leaving everything to be done by him!" But falling into doubt, she could not finish it. Afterwards she took the ring from the ribbon on which she wore it next her heart, and retained it on her finger all night, as if to fortify herself in the sensation that she was really the wife of this elusive lover of hers, who could propose that Izz should go with him abroad, so shortly after he had left her.
Why had her husband not written to her? He had distinctly implied that he would at least let her know of the locality to which he had journeyed; but he had not sent a line to notify his address. However, about noon she paused by a gate on the edge of the basin in which Emminster and its Vicarage lay. Tess went as far as the corner. Ah--the explanation was that they were all at church, every one. Forgetting all her plans, Tess's one dread was lest they should overtake her now, in her disorganized condition, before she was prepared to confront them; for though she felt that they could not identify her, she instinctively dreaded their scrutiny. Tess knew the name. I never see that nice girl without more and more regretting his precipitancy in throwing himself away upon a dairymaid, or whatever she may be. I'll carry them home for some poor person." It was impossible to think of returning to the Vicarage. she said. A ranter preaches there between the services--an excellent, fiery, Christian man, they say. The sermon, as might be expected, was of the extremest antinomian type; on justification by faith, as expounded in the theology of St Paul. But more startling to Tess than the doctrine had been the voice, which, impossible as it seemed, was precisely that of Alec d'Urberville.
There was the same handsome unpleasantness of mien, but now he wore neatly trimmed, old-fashioned whiskers, the sable moustache having disappeared; and his dress was half-clerical, a modification which had changed his expression sufficiently to abstract the dandyism from his features, and to hinder for a second her belief in his identity. But the moment that she moved again he recognized her. "Tess!" "Tess!" he repeated. "It is I--Alec d'Urberville." She then looked back at him, and he came up. Charity begins at home, they say." "_I_ have done nothing!" No amount of contempt that you can pour upon me, Tess, will equal what I have poured upon myself--the old Adam of my former years! And you don't believe me? "Your conversion. She dropped her voice. "Because a better man than you does not believe in such." "Don't look at me like that!" "No, no! "It may seem harsh of me to dictate like this," he went on; "but it is better that I should not look too often on you. said Tess. "Well, women's faces have had too much power over me already for me not to fear them! At length the road touched the spot called "Cross-in-Hand." The place took its name from a stone pillar which stood there, a strange rude monolith, from a stratum unknown in any local quarry, on which was roughly carved a human hand. Who has taught you such good English?" "I have learnt things in my troubles," she said evasively. She told him of the first one--the only one that related to him. he next murmured. "Yes--but swear it." The letter began by expressing the writer's unfeigned joy at d'Urberville's conversion, and thanked him for his kindness in communicating with the parson on the subject. Within the distance of a mile she met a solitary shepherd. "What is the meaning of that old stone I have passed?" "Was it ever a Holy Cross?" But I've hardly answered him."
  Several days had passed since her futile journey, and Tess was afield. It was not her hard taskmaster, Farmer Groby; it was one in a semi-clerical costume, who now represented what had once been the free-and-easy Alec d'Urberville. "Yes, but I have a good reason." He glanced round to see if he were overheard. She did not answer, and he watched her inquiringly, as, with bent head, her face completely screened by the hood, she resumed her trimming of the swedes. "Tess," he added, with a sigh of discontent,--"yours was the very worst case I ever was concerned in! I had no idea of what had resulted till you told me. I say in all earnestness that it is a shame for parents to bring up their girls in such dangerous ignorance of the gins and nets that the wicked may set for them, whether their motive be a good one or the result of simple indifference." "But it is not that I came to say," d'Urberville went on. I have lost my mother since you were at Trantridge, and the place is my own. But I intend to sell it, and devote myself to missionary work in Africa. It was my old mother's dying wish." "A marriage licence." "You will not? Why is that?" she pleaded. You must remember that we are now strangers." "That man!" she begged, and flashed her appeal to him from her upturned face and lash-shadowed eyes. "Married. Married! "Of course that means that he does not. "O, will you go away--for the sake of me and my husband--go, in the name of your own Christianity!" "What! And leave you to that tyrant? "He won't hurt me. HE'S not in love with me. That very night she began an appealing letter to Clare, concealing from him her hardships, and assuring him of her undying affection. he asked. "You seem to have no religion--perhaps owing to me." "I believe in the SPIRIT of the Sermon on the Mount, and so did my dear husband... he presently asked. "Does he know that you are as big an infidel as he?" He drew from his breast-pocket a poster whereon was printed the day, hour, and place of meeting, at which he, d'Urberville, would preach the Gospel as aforesaid. He laid his hand on her shoulder. said Tess, recoiling. Alec! He clenched his lips, mortified with himself for his weakness.
What he looked he felt. "Who is that?" 'Tis a ranter pa'son who's been sniffing after her lately; not a dandy like this." "The same man as the preacher? "Well, I don't think it at all right for him to join his preaching to courting a married woman, even though her husband mid be abroad, and she, in a sense, a widow." "What--you have given up your preaching entirely?" she asked. But to speak seriously, Tess." "Well, never mind," he resumed. "Not as then--never as then--'tis different!" she entreated. Well, perhaps you have; but I've never seen him, and you've not told me his name; and altogether he seems rather a mythological personage. Alec fiercely started up from his reclining position. I shall not cry out. Once victim, always victim--that's the law!" "O no, no, Tess," he said blandly. His voice hardened as his temper got the better of him with the recollection of his sincerity in asking her and her present ingratitude, and he stepped across to her side and held her by the shoulders, so that she shook under his grasp. "Remember, my lady, I was your master once! I will be your master again.
He had seen her lift her eyes, and waved his hand urbanely to her, while he blew her a kiss. She was so utterly exhausted that she had not strength to speak louder. "If I cannot legitimize our former relations at least I can assist you. My religious mania, or whatever it was, is over. But I retain a little good nature; I hope I do. I can make them all comfortable if you will only show confidence in me." she said. "If you want to help them--God knows they need it--do it without telling me. Angel, I live entirely for you. I would be content, ay, glad, to live with you as your    servant, if I may not as your wife; so that I could only be    near you, and get glimpses of you, and think of you as mine.
He breathed deeply at the thought of her; and the letter was redirected to be promptly sent on to Angel. "To my dying day I shall feel that he has been ill-used. They blamed themselves for this unlucky marriage. If Angel had never been destined for a farmer he would never have been thrown with agricultural girls. During this time of absence he had mentally aged a dozen years. How, then, about Tess? He could no longer say that he would always reject her, and not to say that was in spirit to accept her now. "What--is it 'Liza-Lu?"
He had a rational scheme for living, and Tess asked him what it was. "I'm thinking of sending round to all the old antiqueerians in this part of England," he said, "asking them to subscribe to a fund to maintain me. They spend lots o' money in keeping up old ruins, and finding the bones o' things, and such like; and living remains must be more interesting to 'em still, if they only knowed of me. he remarked whimsically, looking at her with an inclined head. "Your engagement at the other place is ended?" To join your dear husband?" she said bitterly. "I have no husband!" But you have a friend, and I have determined that you shall be comfortable in spite of yourself. He must!" "He don't. exclaimed Tess distractedly.
Cottagers who were not directly employed on the land were looked upon with disfavour, and the banishment of some starved the trade of others, who were thus obliged to follow. As it was the last night they would spend in the village which had been their home and birthplace, Mrs Durbeyfield, 'Liza-Lu, and Abraham had gone out to bid some friends goodbye, and Tess was keeping house till they should return. She was so intent upon these thoughts that she hardly at first took note of a man in a white mackintosh whom she saw riding down the street. asked d'Urberville. you heard the d'Urberville Coach, perhaps. "Very well. One of the family is said to have abducted some beautiful woman, who tried to escape from the coach in which he was carrying her off, and in the struggle he killed her--or she killed him--I forget which. Such is one version of the tale... Why is it?" "I am not a--proper woman." "Kingsbere. Mother is so foolish about father's people that she will go there." Now why not come to my garden-house at Trantridge? For that nice husband, no doubt. I would guarantee you against such as that in writing, if necessary. Tess shook her head. "It is her business to judge--not yours. "I shall not come--I have plenty of money!" she cried. "Where?" "IF you ask for it. She had never before admitted such a thought; but he had surely! I will try to forget    you. It is all injustice I have received at your    hands! Tess changed the subject. Tess turned from them, and went to the window again. "He didn't call," said Tess. It was not her husband, she had said. Yet a consciousness that in a physical sense this man alone was her husband seemed to weigh on her more and more.
But to Tess and her mother's household no such anxious farmer sent his team. "Marian and Izz!" she cried to the girls, for it was they, sitting with the moving family at whose house they had lodged. They told Tess their destination, and Tess told them hers. "No." Hard by, the aisle of the church called the d'Urberville Aisle looked on imperturbably. "Isn't your family vault your own freehold?" It was Alec d'Urberville. "Where is Tess?" he asked. he continued. Mr Clare can never be anything to us, Izz; and why should we grudge him to her, and not try to mend this quarrel? HONOUR'D SIR--     Look to your Wife if you do love her as much as she do    love you.
Mrs Clare, who had been sitting in the drawing-room, followed him hither. You could see the skeleton behind the man, and almost the ghost behind the skeleton. "Has any letter come for me lately?" he asked. I will try to forget    you. "Don't, Angel, be so anxious about a mere child of the soil!" Well, we all are children of the soil. Clare therefore thought it would be best to prepare Tess and her family by sending a line to Marlott announcing his return, and his hope that she was still living with them there, as he had arranged for her to do when he left England. SIR,     J write these few lines to say that my Daughter is away    from me at present, and J am not sure when she will    return, but J will let you know as Soon as she do. He would wait till Mrs Durbeyfield could inform him of Tess's return, which her letter implied to be soon. Clare determined that he would no longer believe in her more recent and severer regard of him, but would go and find her immediately.
On inquiry of these precious innocents, to whom even the name of their predecessors was a failing memory, Clare learned that John Durbeyfield was dead; that his widow and children had left Marlott, declaring that they were going to live at Kingsbere, but instead of doing so had gone on to another place they mentioned. Died   March 10th, 18--                  HOW ARE THE MIGHTY FALLEN. "Because she've not come home," said Joan. Where is she staying?" "He has married her," Joan whispered. "I am sure she would!" "That's very likely, sir; for I have never really known her." Tess's mother again restlessly swept her cheek with her vertical hand, and seeing that he suffered, she at last said, is a low voice--  "She is at Sandbourne." "Ah--where there?
Where could Tess possibly be, a cottage-girl, his young wife, amidst all this wealth and fashion? "Do you know the address of a Mrs Clare?" asked Angel. The postman shook his head. Then, remembering that she would have been likely to continue the use of her maiden name, Clare said--  "Of a Miss Durbeyfield?" "I know no name of Durbeyfield; but there is the name of d'Urberville at The Herons," said the second. Clare inquired for Teresa d'Urberville or Durbeyfield. Tess, then, passed as a married woman, and he felt glad, even though she had not adopted his name. "Angel." he said huskily, "can you forgive me for going away? But I say, I say it is too late." "I waited and waited for you," she went on, her tones suddenly resuming their old fluty pathos. "He has won me back to him." I hate him now, because he told me a lie--that you would not come again; and you HAVE come! But he had a vague consciousness of one thing, though it was not clear to him till later; that his original Tess had spiritually ceased to recognize the body before him as hers--allowing it to drift, like a corpse upon the current, in a direction dissociated from its living will.
Then the door of the room above was shut, and Mrs Brooks knew that Tess had re-entered her apartment. She accordingly ascended the stairs softly, and stood at the door of the front room--a drawing-room, connected with the room immediately behind it (which was a bedroom) by folding-doors in the common manner. All that she could at first distinguish of them was one syllable, continually repeated in a low note of moaning, as if it came from a soul bound to some Ixionian wheel--  "O--O--O!" Then a silence, then a heavy sigh, and again--  "O--O--O!" She continued: "And he is dying--he looks as if he is dying! There were more and sharper words from the man; then a sudden rustle; she had sprung to her feet. Mrs Brooks, thinking that the speaker was coming to rush out of the door, hastily retreated down the stairs. Mrs Brooks had strange qualms of misgiving. She got upon the table, and touched the spot in the ceiling with her fingers. "My good God, the gentleman in bed is dead!
It was a human figure running. To tell you that I have killed him!" He heard me crying about you, and he bitterly taunted me; and called you by a foul name; and then I did it. Unable to realize the gravity of her conduct, she seemed at last content; and he looked at her as she lay upon his shoulder, weeping with happiness, and wondered what obscure strain in the d'Urberville blood had led to this aberration--if it were an aberration. He saw that for him to be otherwise was not, in her mind, within the region of the possible. "It is Bramshurst Court. he said. she asked. "Rest at last!"
he said. "It might have prevented much misunderstanding and woe." Whenever he suggested that they should leave their shelter, and go forwards towards Southampton or London, she showed a strange unwillingness to move. "Why should we put an end to all that's sweet and lovely!" she deprecated. "What must come will come." Not more than a minute had elapsed after her withdrawal when Tess woke, and then Clare. "It is Stonehenge!" And you used to say at Talbothays that I was a heathen. And she is my sister-in-law." If you would train her and teach her, Angel, and bring her up for your own self! asked she. he implored in a whisper of the men as they gathered round. "Have they come for me?" "They have come." "Angel, I am almost glad--yes, glad! This happiness could not have lasted.
It was a black flag. "Justice" was done, and the President of the Immortals, in Aeschylean phrase, had ended his sport with Tess. As soon as they had strength, they arose, joined hands again, and went on.
  On an evening in the latter part of May a middle-aged man was walking homeward from Shaston to the village of Marlott, in the adjoining Vale of Blakemore, or Blackmoor. "Good night, Sir John," said the parson. Don't you really know, Durbeyfield, that you are the lineal representative of the ancient and knightly family of the d'Urbervilles, who derive their descent from Sir Pagan d'Urberville, that renowned knight who came from Normandy with William the Conqueror, as appears by Battle Abbey Roll?" Aye, there have been generations of Sir Johns among you, and if knighthood were hereditary, like a baronetcy, as it practically was in old times, when men were knighted from father to son, you would be Sir John now." His own investigations had begun on a day in the preceding spring when, having been engaged in tracing the vicissitudes of the d'Urberville family, he had observed Durbeyfield's name on his waggon, and had thereupon been led to make inquiries about his father and grandfather till he had no doubt on the subject. ...  And to think that I and these noble d'Urbervilles were one flesh all the time. It is a fact of some interest to the local historian and genealogist, nothing more. "But you'll turn back and have a quart of beer wi' me on the strength o't, Pa'son Tringham? "Now take up that basket, and goo on to Marlott, and when you've come to The Pure Drop Inn, tell 'em to send a horse and carriage to me immed'ately, to carry me hwome.
Such is the Vale of Blackmoor. The May-Day dance, for instance, was to be discerned on the afternoon under notice, in the guise of the club revel, or "club-walking," as it was there called. The young girls formed, indeed, the majority of the band, and their heads of luxuriant hair reflected in the sunshine every tone of gold, and black, and brown. They came round by The Pure Drop Inn, and were turning out of the high road to pass through a wicket-gate into the meadows, when one of the women said--  "The Load-a-Lord! Why, Tess Durbeyfield, if there isn't thy father riding hwome in a carriage!" She wore a red ribbon in her hair, and was the only one of the white company who could boast of such a pronounced adornment. As there were no men in the company, the girls danced at first with each other, but when the hour for the close of labour drew on, the masculine inhabitants of the village, together with other idlers and pedestrians, gathered round the spot, and appeared inclined to negotiate for a partner. They leant over the gate by the highway, and inquired as to the meaning of the dance and the white-frocked maids. The two elder of the brothers were plainly not intending to linger more than a moment, but the spectacle of a bevy of girls dancing without male partners seemed to amuse the third, and make him in no hurry to move on. "What are you going to do, Angel?" The two elder reluctantly left him and walked on, taking their brother's knapsack to relieve him in following, and the youngest entered the field. "This is a thousand pities," he said gallantly, to two or three of the girls nearest him, as soon as there was a pause in the dance. "They've not left off work yet," answered one of the boldest. "They'll be here by and by. Now, pick and choose." He took almost the first that came to hand, which was not the speaker, as she had expected; nor did it happen to be Tess Durbeyfield. He wished that he had asked her; he wished that he had inquired her name.
  As for Tess Durbeyfield, she did not so easily dislodge the incident from her consideration. Besides the jar of contrast there came to her a chill self-reproach that she had not returned sooner, to help her mother in these domesticities, instead of indulging herself out-of-doors. As usual, Mrs Durbeyfield was balanced on one foot beside the tub, the other being engaged in the aforesaid business of rocking her youngest child. 'Twas on this account that your father rode home in the vlee; not because he'd been drinking, as people supposed." Will it do us any good, mother?" 'Tis thoughted that great things may come o't. It is fat round his heart, 'a says. Tess looked alarmed. "But where IS father?" He do want to get up his strength for his journey to-morrow with that load of beehives, which must be delivered, family or no. He'll have to start shortly after twelve to-night, as the distance is so long." Tess took it up, and her mother started. To discover him at Rolliver's, to sit there for an hour or two by his side and dismiss all thought and care of the children during the interval, made her happy. Tess, being left alone with the younger children, went first to the outhouse with the fortune-telling book, and stuffed it into the thatch. Dismissing this, however, she busied herself with sprinkling the linen dried during the day-time, in company with her nine-year-old brother Abraham, and her sister Eliza-Louisa of twelve and a half, called "'Liza-Lu," the youngest ones being put to bed. Next in juvenility to Abraham came two more girls, Hope and Modesty; then a boy of three, and then the baby, who had just completed his first year. 'Liza-Lu then went to bed, and Tess, locking them all in, started on her way up the dark and crooked lane or street not made for hasty progress; a street laid out before inches of land had value, and when one-handed clocks sufficiently subdivided the day.
She dropped her public voice, and continued in a low tone to her husband: "I've been thinking since you brought the news that there's a great rich lady out by Trantridge, on the edge o' The Chase, of the name of d'Urberville." "And my projick is to send Tess to claim kin." But she's nothing beside we--a junior branch of us, no doubt, hailing long since King Norman's day." "She is rich, and she'd be sure to take notice o' the maid," continued Mrs Durbeyfield; "and 'twill be a very good thing. "And we'll all go and see her when Tess has gone to live with her; and we'll ride in her coach and wear black clothes!" "I tried her fate in the _Fortune-Teller_, and it brought out that very thing! "But Joan Durbeyfield must mind that she don't get green malt in floor." They went home together, Tess holding one arm of her father, and Mrs Durbeyfield the other. The two women valiantly disguised these forced excursions and countermarches as well as they could from Durbeyfield, their cause, and from Abraham, and from themselves; and so they approached by degrees their own door, the head of the family bursting suddenly into his former refrain as he drew near, as if to fortify his soul at sight of the smallness of his present residence--  "I've got a fam--ily vault at Kingsbere!" "Yours is not the only family that was of 'count in wold days. Thank God, I was never of no family, and have nothing to be ashamed of in that way!" Tess turned the subject by saying what was far more prominent in her own mind at the moment than thoughts of her ancestry--"I am afraid father won't be able to take the journey with the beehives to-morrow so early." Mrs Durbeyfield looked unequal to the emergency. One of them who were so much after dancing with 'ee yesterday," she presently suggested. I think _I_ could go if Abraham could go with me to kip me company." "But you be glad that you 'm going to marry a gentleman?" "That our great relation will help 'ee to marry a gentleman." Most of them splendid and sound--a few blighted." "A blighted one." Tess was not skilful in the management of a horse, but she thought that she could take upon herself the entire conduct of the load for the present and allow Abraham to go to sleep if he wished to do so. The pointed shaft of the cart had entered the breast of the unhappy Prince like a sword, and from the wound his life's blood was spouting in a stream, and falling with a hiss into the road. I'll send somebody to help you as soon as I can. What will mother and father live on now? "'Tis because we be on a blighted star, and not a sound one, isn't it, Tess?" He worked harder the next day in digging a grave for Prince in the garden than he had worked for months to grow a crop for his family. Then Durbeyfield began to shovel in the earth, and the children cried anew.
You must go to her and claim kin, and ask for some help in our trouble." Her mother might have made inquiries, and have discovered that this Mrs d'Urberville was a lady of unequalled virtues and charity. And don't go thinking about her making a match for me--it is silly." Every contour of the surrounding hills was as personal to her as that of her relatives' faces; but for what lay beyond, her judgment was dependent on the teaching of the village school, where she had held a leading place at the time of her leaving, a year or two before this date. Every day seemed to throw upon her young shoulders more of the family burdens, and that Tess should be the representative of the Durbeyfields at the d'Urberville mansion came as a thing of course. On the extensive lawn stood an ornamental tent, its door being towards her. The d'Urbervilles--or Stoke-d'Urbervilles, as they at first called themselves--who owned all this, were a somewhat unusual family to find in such an old-fashioned part of the country. When old Mr Simon Stoke, latterly deceased, had made his fortune as an honest merchant (some said money-lender) in the North, he decided to settle as a county man in the South of England, out of hail of his business district; and in doing this he felt the necessity of recommencing with a name that would not too readily identify him with the smart tradesman of the past, and that would be less commonplace than the original bald, stark words. It was that of a tall young man, smoking. "Well, my Beauty, what can I do for you?" I am Mr d'Urberville. This embodiment of a d'Urberville and a namesake differed even more from what Tess had expected than the house and grounds had differed. But she screwed herself up to the work in hand, since she could not get out of it, and answered--  "I came to see your mother, sir." But I did not think it would be like this. But it is so worn that mother uses it to stir the pea-soup." Tess wished to abridge her visit as much as possible; but the young man was pressing, and she consented to accompany him. D'Urberville began gathering specimens of the fruit for her, handing them back to her as he stooped; and, presently, selecting a specially fine product of the "British Queen" variety, he stood up and held it by the stem to her mouth. When she could consume no more of the strawberries he filled her little basket with them; and then the two passed round to the rose-trees, whence he gathered blossoms and gave her to put in her bosom. She obeyed like one in a dream, and when she could affix no more he himself tucked a bud or two into her hat, and heaped her basket with others in the prodigality of his bounty. What a funny thing!
When the passengers were not looking she stealthily removed the more prominent blooms from her hat and placed them in the basket, where she covered them with her handkerchief. Her mother had advised her to stay here for the night, at the house of a cottage-woman they knew, if she should feel too tired to come on; and this Tess did, not descending to her home till the following afternoon. The letter was in the third person, and briefly informed Mrs Durbeyfield that her daughter's services would be useful to that lady in the management of her poultry-farm, that a comfortable room would be provided for her if she could come, and that the wages would be on a liberal scale if they liked her. Tess looked out of the window. He called her Coz! He'll marry her, most likely, and make a lady of her; and then she'll be what her forefathers was." When she came in her mother pursued her advantage. I killed the old horse, and I suppose I ought to do something to get ye a new one. It is no other kind of chance. She was duly informed that Mrs d'Urberville was glad of her decision, and that a spring-cart should be sent to meet her and her luggage at the top of the Vale on the day after the morrow, when she must hold herself prepared to start. Mrs d'Urberville's handwriting seemed rather masculine. "A cart?" She had hoped to be a teacher at the school, but the fates seemed to decide otherwise.
Her mother expostulated. "But I am going to work!" said Tess. She tied it with a broader pink ribbon than usual. After this she went downstairs to her husband, who was sitting in the lower room. It prompted the matron to say that she would walk a little way--as far as to the point where the acclivity from the valley began its first steep ascent to the outer world. Seeing their mother put on her bonnet, the younger children clamoured to go with her. "Not for less than a thousand pound!" "Bide here a bit, and the cart will soon come, no doubt," said Mrs Durbeyfield. Her mother and the children thereupon decided to go no farther, and bidding them a hasty goodbye, Tess bent her steps up the hill. She would have preferred the humble cart. Something seemed to quicken her to a determination; possibly the thought that she had killed Prince. Directly Tess was out of sight, and the interest of the matter as a drama was at an end, the little ones' eyes filled with tears. However, in bed that night she sighed, and her husband asked her what was the matter. "Oughtn't ye to have thought of that before?" And if he don't marry her afore he will after. For that he's all afire wi' love for her any eye can see."
  Having mounted beside her, Alec d'Urberville drove rapidly along the crest of the first hill, chatting compliments to Tess as they went, the cart with her box being left far behind. Ever since the accident with her father's horse Tess Durbeyfield, courageous as she naturally was, had been exceedingly timid on wheels; the least irregularity of motion startled her. They were just beginning to descend; and it was evident that the horse, whether of her own will or of his (the latter being the more likely), knew so well the reckless performance expected of her that she hardly required a hint from behind. She grasped his waist, and so they reached the bottom. said Tess independently, holding on as well as she could without touching him. He was inexorable, and she sat still, and d'Urberville gave her the kiss of mastery. "Unless, that is, you agree willingly to let me do it again, and no handkerchief." D'Urberville pulled up, and said he would get it for her, but Tess was down on the other side. She turned back and picked up the article. "'Tis five or six miles yet to Trantridge." Now, tell me--didn't you make that hat blow off on purpose? Turning the horse suddenly he tried to drive back upon her, and so hem her in between the gig and the hedge. cried Tess with spirit, from the top of the hedge into which she had scrambled.
The house was overrun with ivy, its chimney being enlarged by the boughs of the parasite to the aspect of a ruined tower. "Mrs d'Urberville wants the fowls as usual," she said; but perceiving that Tess did not quite understand, she explained, "Mis'ess is a old lady, and blind." "I hope you will be kind to them. But they will soon get used to you." At the end of the ceremony Mrs d'Urberville abruptly asked Tess, wrinkling and twitching her face into undulations, "Can you whistle?" "Yes, whistle tunes." I want you to whistle to my bullfinches; as I cannot see them, I like to hear them, and we teach 'em airs that way. Thus the reception of Tess by her fancied kinswoman terminated, and the birds were taken back to their quarters. In spite of the unpleasant initiation of the day before, Tess inclined to the freedom and novelty of her new position in the morning when the sun shone, now that she was once installed there; and she was curious to test her powers in the unexpected direction asked of her, so as to ascertain her chance of retaining her post. But he persisted in his demand, and at last, to get rid of him, she did put up her lips as directed for producing a clear note; laughing distressfully, however, and then blushing with vexation that she had laughed. "You'll find her so; she must be, to make you learn to whistle to her bullfinches. She soon found that whistling to the bullfinches in Mrs d'Urberville's room was no such onerous business when she had regained the art, for she had caught from her musical mother numerous airs that suited those songsters admirably. Alec d'Urberville had evidently thought better of his freak to terrify her by an ambush of that kind.
The levity of some of the younger women in and about Trantridge was marked, and was perhaps symptomatic of the choice spirit who ruled The Slopes in that vicinity. For a long time Tess did not join in the weekly pilgrimages. Tess's occupations made her late in setting out, so that her comrades reached the town long before her. he said. She told him that she was simply waiting for company homeward. asked Tess with some anxiety. This is all but the last jig." Suddenly there was a dull thump on the ground: a couple had fallen, and lay in a mixed heap. A loud laugh from behind Tess's back, in the shade of the garden, united with the titter within the room. She looked round, and saw the red coal of a cigar: Alec d'Urberville was standing there alone. He beckoned to her, and she reluctantly retreated towards him. I have only a saddle-horse here to-day; but come to The Flower-de-Luce, and I'll hire a trap, and drive you home with me." Tess, though flattered, had never quite got over her original mistrust of him, and, despite their tardiness, she preferred to walk home with the work-folk. "I have said that I will wait for 'em, and they will expect me to now." "Well--whatever is that a-creeping down thy back, Car Darch?" said one of the group suddenly. All looked at Car. Treacle it was. Car's poor old grandmother had a weakness for the sweet stuff. She rushed excitedly into the field they were about to cross, and flinging herself flat on her back upon the grass, began to wipe her gown as well as she could by spinning horizontally on the herbage and dragging herself over it upon her elbows. The laughter rang louder; they clung to the gate, to the posts, rested on their staves, in the weakness engendered by their convulsions at the spectacle of Car. It was a misfortune--in more ways than one. She closed her fists and squared up at Tess. Thereupon, finding Tess unfairly browbeaten, the husbands and lovers tried to make peace by defending her; but the result of that attempt was directly to increase the war. Tess was indignant and ashamed. She felt almost ready to faint, so vivid was her sense of the crisis. laughed dark Car's mother, stroking her moustache as she explained laconically: "Out of the frying-pan into the fire!"
She begged him to slow the animal to a walk, which Alec accordingly did. he said by and by. Whether on this account, or from absent-mindedness, or from sleepiness, she did not perceive that they had long ago passed the point at which the lane to Trantridge branched from the highway, and that her conductor had not taken the Trantridge track. This immediately put her on the defensive, and with one of those sudden impulses of reprisal to which she was liable she gave him a little push from her. Surely we are quite out of the road?" "A bit of The Chase--the oldest wood in England. It is a lovely night, and why should we not prolong our ride a little?" He turned the horse's head into the bushes, hitched him on to a bough, and made a sort of couch or nest for her in the deep mass of dead leaves. Somebody gave it to him." she exclaimed, with a painful sense of the awkwardness of having to thank him just then. He pulled off a light overcoat that he had worn, and put it round her tenderly. With the setting of the moon the pale light lessened, and Tess became invisible as she fell into reverie upon the leaves where he had left her. D'Urberville thereupon turned back; but by this time the moon had quite gone down, and partly on account of the fog The Chase was wrapped in thick darkness, although morning was not far off. But, might some say, where was Tess's guardian angel? where was the providence of her simple faith? Doubtless some of Tess d'Urberville's mailed ancestors rollicking home from a fray had dealt the same measure even more ruthlessly towards peasant girls of their time. There lay the pity of it.
It was a Sunday morning in late October, about four months after Tess Durbeyfield's arrival at Trantridge, and some few weeks subsequent to the night ride in The Chase. The incline was the same down which d'Urberville had driven her so wildly on that day in June. I have followed like a madman, simply to drive you the rest of the distance, if you won't come back." "You didn't come for love of me, that I'll swear." She resumed--  "I didn't understand your meaning till it was too late." "That's what every woman says." She said that she did not wish him to drive her further, and they stopped just under the clump of trees. "See how you've mastered me!" She added mournfully, "Perhaps, of all things, a lie on this thing would do the most good to me now; but I have honour enough left, little as 'tis, not to tell that lie. "All the week I work for the glory of man, and on Sunday for the glory of God. He set down her basket and the tin pot, and stirring the paint with the brush that was in it began painting large square letters on the middle board of the three composing the stile, placing a comma after each word, as if to give pause while that word was driven well home to the reader's heart--         THY, DAMNATION, SLUMBERETH, NOT. Having finished his text he picked up her basket, and she mechanically resumed her walk beside him. "But," said she tremulously, "suppose your sin was not of your own seeking?" He shook his head. "That's what they are meant to be!" Not but what this is a very good tex for rural districts. But Tess did not answer; she throbbingly resumed her walk, her eyes fixed on the ground. Have you come home to be married?" "Then for a holiday?" "He's not my cousin, and he's not going to marry me." "Any woman would have done it but you, after that!" "After all the talk about you and him which has reached us here, who would have expected it to end like this! Get Alec d'Urberville in the mind to marry her! On matrimony he had never once said a word. Hate him she did not quite; but he was dust and ashes to her, and even for her name's sake she scarcely wished to marry him. "How could I be expected to know? Why didn't you tell me there was danger in men-folk?
In the afternoon several young girls of Marlott, former schoolfellows and acquaintances of Tess, called to see her, arriving dressed in their best starched and ironed, as became visitors to a person who had made a transcendent conquest (as they supposed), and sat round the room looking at her with great curiosity. She liked to hear the chanting--such as it was--and the old Psalms, and to join in the Morning Hymn. She knew what their whispers were about, grew sick at heart, and felt that she could come to church no more. The bedroom which she shared with some of the children formed her retreat more continually than ever. So close kept she that at length almost everybody thought she had gone away. The only exercise that Tess took at this time was after dark; and it was then, when out in the woods, that she seemed least solitary. It is then that the plight of being alive becomes attenuated to its least possible dimensions. She had been made to break an accepted social law, but no law known to the environment in which she fancied herself such an anomaly.
The field had already been "opened"; that is to say, a lane a few feet wide had been hand-cut through the wheat along the whole circumference of the field for the first passage of the horses and machine. In a minute it came up on the other side of the field at the same equable pace; the glistening brass star in the forehead of the fore horse first catching the eye as it rose into view over the stubble, then the bright arms, and then the whole machine. From the sheaf last finished she draws a handful of ears, patting their tips with her left palm to bring them even. She brings the ends of the bond together, and kneels on the sheaf while she ties it, beating back her skirts now and then when lifted by the breeze. At intervals she stands up to rest, and to retie her disarranged apron, or to pull her bonnet straight. It is Tess Durbeyfield, otherwise d'Urberville, somewhat changed--the same, but not the same; at the present stage of her existence living as a stranger and an alien here, though it was no strange land that she was in. They went to breakfast, and came again, and the work proceeded as before. Another brought some lunch. The harvesters ceased working, took their provisions, and sat down against one of the shocks. Tess Durbeyfield had been one of the last to suspend her labours. As soon as her lunch was spread she called up the big girl, her sister, and took the baby of her, who, glad to be relieved of the burden, went away to the next shock and joined the other children playing there. All the women but Tess fell into animated talk, and adjusted the disarranged knots of their hair. "She's fond of that there child, though she mid pretend to hate en, and say she wishes the baby and her too were in the churchyard," observed the woman in the red petticoat. If she made herself miserable the livelong night and day it was only this much to them--"Ah, she makes herself unhappy." In the afternoon and evening the proceedings of the morning were continued, Tess staying on till dusk with the body of harvesters. When she reached home it was to learn to her grief that the baby had been suddenly taken ill since the afternoon. Her baby had not been baptized. It was nearly bedtime, but she rushed downstairs and asked if she might send for the parson. The lurid presentment so powerfully affected her imagination in the silence of the sleeping house that her nightgown became damp with perspiration, and the bedstead shook with each throb of her heart. Perhaps it will be just the same!" She had not thought of that, but a name suggested by a phrase in the book of Genesis came into her head as she proceeded with the baptismal service, and now she pronounced it:  "SORROW, I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The children gazed up at her with more and more reverence, and no longer had a will for questioning. In the blue of the morning that fragile soldier and servant breathed his last, and when the other children awoke they cried bitterly, and begged Sissy to have another pretty baby. The calmness which had possessed Tess since the christening remained with her in the infant's loss. She went to his house after dusk, and stood by the gate, but could not summon courage to go in. "Then will you give him a Christian burial?" she asked quickly. "Perhaps it will be just the same to him if you don't? ...  Will it be just the same?
She remained at her father's house during the winter months, plucking fowls, or cramming turkeys and geese, or making clothes for her sisters and brothers out of some finery which d'Urberville had given her, and she had put by with contempt. She philosophically noted dates as they came past in the revolution of the year; the disastrous night of her undoing at Trantridge with its dark background of The Chase; also the dates of the baby's birth and death; also her own birthday; and every other day individualized by incidents in which she had taken some share. She had held so aloof of late that her trouble, never generally known, was nearly forgotten in Marlott. But it became evident to her that she could never be really comfortable again in a place which had seen the collapse of her family's attempt to "claim kin"--and, through her, even closer union--with the rich d'Urbervilles. To escape the past and all that appertained thereto was to annihilate it, and to do that she would have to get away. She would be the dairymaid Tess, and nothing more.
  On a thyme-scented, bird-hatching morning in May, between two and three years after the return from Trantridge--silent, reconstructive years for Tess Durbeyfield--she left her home for the second time. While waiting, however, there came along a farmer in his spring cart, driving approximately in the direction that she wished to pursue. Though he was a stranger to her she accepted his offer of a seat beside him, ignoring that its motive was a mere tribute to her countenance. Tess had never before visited this part of the country, and yet she felt akin to the landscape. she said. "All my prettiness comes from her, and she was only a dairymaid." There the water-flower was the lily; the crow-foot here. Being even now only a young woman of twenty, one who mentally and sentimentally had not finished growing, it was impossible that any event should have left upon her an impression that was not in time capable of transmutation. The secret of Blackmoor was best discovered from the heights around; to read aright the valley before her it was necessary to descend into its midst. It was not the expression of the valley's consciousness that beautiful Tess had arrived, but the ordinary announcement of milking-time--half-past four o'clock, when the dairymen set about getting in the cows. Those that would stand still of their own will were milked in the middle of the yard, where many of such better behaved ones stood waiting now--all prime milchers, such as were seldom seen out of this valley, and not always within it; nourished by the succulent feed which the water-meads supplied at this prime season of the year.
  The dairymaids and men had flocked down from their cottages and out of the dairy-house with the arrival of the cows from the meads; the maids walking in pattens, not on account of the weather, but to keep their shoes above the mulch of the barton. She reassured him on that point, and he surveyed her up and down. The only movements were those of the milkers' hands up and down, and the swing of the cows' tails. "To my thinking," said the dairyman, rising suddenly from a cow he had just finished off, snatching up his three-legged stool in one hand and the pail in the other, and moving on to the next hard-yielder in his vicinity, "to my thinking, the cows don't gie down their milk to-day as usual. It may be so. Tess, who had given ear to this, thought the words were addressed to the dairyman, but she was wrong. A reply, in the shape of "Why?" "Oh yes; there's nothing like a fiddle," said the dairyman. Well, as a last thought, he pulled out his fiddle as he runned, and struck up a jig, turning to the bull, and backing towards the corner. I knowed the man well." He wore the ordinary white pinner and leather leggings of a dairy-farmer when milking, and his boots were clogged with the mulch of the yard; but this was all his local livery. Such vicissitudes had Tess passed through since that time that for a moment she could not remember where she had met him; and then it flashed upon her that he was the pedestrian who had joined in the club-dance at Marlott--the passing stranger who had come she knew not whence, had danced with others but not with her, and slightingly left her, and gone on his way with his friends. She saw nothing at supper-time of the superior milker who had commented on the story, and asked no questions about him, the remainder of the evening being occupied in arranging her place in the bed-chamber. It was a large room over the milk-house, some thirty feet long; the sleeping-cots of the other three indoor milkmaids being in the same apartment. "Mr Angel Clare--he that is learning milking, and that plays the harp--never says much to us. He is a pa'son's son, and is too much taken up wi' his own thoughts to notice girls. His father is the Reverent Mr Clare at Emminster--a good many miles from here."
Yet as a lad people had said of him that he was one who might do anything if he tried. His entry into the ranks of the agriculturists and breeders was a step in the young man's career which had been anticipated neither by himself nor by others. This lady had somewhat unexpectedly brought him three sons, so that between Angel, the youngest, and his father the Vicar there seemed to be almost a missing generation. Some two or three years before Angel's appearance at the Marlott dance, on a day when he had left school and was pursuing his studies at home, a parcel came to the Vicarage from the local bookseller's, directed to the Reverend James Clare. Why--it is a system of philosophy. But religious!--and for YOU, who intend to be a minister of the Gospel!" I love the Church as one loves a parent. And if Angel were not going to enter the Church, what was the use of sending him to Cambridge? His father grieved so deeply that it made Angel quite ill to see him. his father repeated. "Why, that it may be used for the honour and glory of man, father." "I will do without Cambridge," said Angel at last. "I feel that I have no right to go there in the circumstances." The longer Clare resided here the less objection had he to his company, and the more did he like to share quarters with them in common. For several days after Tess's arrival Clare, sitting abstractedly reading from some book, periodical, or piece of music just come by post, hardly noticed that she was present at table. And is it so, maidy?" he said. "A very easy way to feel 'em go," continued Tess, "is to lie on the grass at night and look straight up at some big bright star; and, by fixing your mind upon it, you will soon find that you are hundreds and hundreds o' miles away from your body, which you don't seem to want at all." "What a fresh and virginal daughter of Nature that milkmaid is!" he said to himself. He concluded that he had beheld her before; where he could not tell. But the circumstance was sufficient to lead him to select Tess in preference to the other pretty milkmaids when he wished to contemplate contiguous womankind.
The dairyman's pupil had lent a hand in getting the cows together of late, and at the fifth or sixth time she turned her eyes, as she rested against the cow, full of sly inquiry upon him. "You will always be here to milk them." Her misgiving was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone, to continue her regrets that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. It was a typical summer evening in June, the atmosphere being in such delicate equilibrium and so transmissive that inanimate objects seemed endowed with two or three senses, if not five. The floating pollen seemed to be his notes made visible, and the dampness of the garden the weeping of the garden's sensibility. "What makes you draw off in that way, Tess?" "What of?" "Life in general?" He was surprised to find this young woman--who though but a milkmaid had just that touch of rarity about her which might make her the envied of her housemates--shaping such sad imaginings. He did not milk cows because he was obliged to milk cows, but because he was learning to be a rich and prosperous dairyman, landowner, agriculturist, and breeder of cattle. Every day, every hour, brought to him one more little stroke of her nature, and to her one more of his. Tess was trying to lead a repressed life, but she little divined the strength of her own vitality. She was gathering the buds called "lords and ladies" from the bank while he spoke. "Why do you look so woebegone all of a sudden?" But, before venturing to make the revelation, dubious Tess indirectly sounded the dairyman as to its possible effect upon Mr Clare, by asking the former if Mr Clare had any great respect for old county families when they had lost all their money and land. he says to her, 'you'll never make a good dairymaid! he can't stomach old families!" After hearing this caricature of Clare's opinion poor Tess was glad that she had not said a word in a weak moment about her family--even though it was so unusually old almost to have gone round the circle and become a new one.
Tess and Clare unconsciously studied each other, ever balanced on the edge of a passion, yet apparently keeping out of it. Tess had never in her recent life been so happy as she was now, possibly never would be so happy again. By the time that Tess was dressed Clare was downstairs and out in the humid air. Being so often--possibly not always by chance--the first two persons to get up at the dairy-house, they seemed to themselves the first persons up of all the world. The spectral, half-compounded, aqueous light which pervaded the open mead impressed them with a feeling of isolation, as if they were Adam and Eve. He called her Artemis, Demeter, and other fanciful names half teasingly, which she did not like because she did not understand them. When the day grew quite strong and commonplace these dried off her; moreover, Tess then lost her strange and ethereal beauty; her teeth, lips, and eyes scintillated in the sunbeams and she was again the dazzlingly fair dairymaid only, who had to hold her own against the other women of the world.
  There was a great stir in the milk-house just after breakfast. The churn revolved as usual, but the butter would not come. Whenever this happened the dairy was paralyzed. But I shall have to go to 'n if he's alive. Even Mr Clare began to feel tragical at the dairyman's desperation. "Perhaps somebody in the house is in love," she said tentatively. "I've heard tell in my younger days that that will cause it. But he had another sort o' woman to reckon wi' this time, and it was not the girl herself. And with that he scrambled into the churn through the trap-door, and shut himself inside, just as the young woman's mother busted into the milk-house. stop the churn! Well, none of us ventured to interfere; and at last 'a promised to make it right wi' her. she said, almost inaudibly. cried Mrs Crick, and the attention of all was called off from Tess. To-night, however, she was the first to go to their common chamber; and she had dozed when the other girls came in. Neither of her three chamber-companions had got into bed. "And if I be in love wi'en, so is Retty, too; and so be you, Marian, come to that." They all three blew him a silent kiss. "Well--I sometimes think that too." "But how silly all this is!" More likely to ask us to come wi'en as farm-hands at so much a year!" Retty Priddle cried herself to sleep. But whether Mr Clare had spoken seriously or not, why should she, who could never conscientiously allow any man to marry her now, and who had religiously determined that she never would be tempted to do so, draw off Mr Clare's attention from other women, for the brief happiness of sunning herself in his eyes while he remained at Talbothays?
  They came downstairs yawning next morning; but skimming and milking were proceeded with as usual, and they went indoors to breakfast. Dairyman Crick was discovered stamping about the house. He had received a letter, in which a customer had complained that the butter had a twang. There certainly was a twang. Then all the old hands remembered that a certain dry mead, into which a few of the cows had been admitted of late, had, in years gone by, spoilt the butter in the same way. It was not, of course, by accident that he walked next to Tess. "Izzy Huett and Retty." "Pretty? She gave the other three every chance. Tess was woman enough to realize from their avowals to herself that Angel Clare had the honour of all the dairymaids in his keeping, and her perception of his care to avoid compromising the happiness of either in the least degree bred a tender respect in Tess for what she deemed, rightly or wrongly, the self-controlling sense of duty shown by him, a quality which she had never expected to find in one of the opposite sex, and in the absence of which more than one of the simple hearts who were his house-mates might have gone weeping on her pilgrimage.
It was Sunday morning; the milking was done; the outdoor milkers had gone home. Tess and the other three were dressing themselves rapidly, the whole bevy having agreed to go together to Mellstock Church, which lay some three or four miles distant from the dairy-house. murmured Tess. "It is the only way for you to get past. Stand still. Hold on. "A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; the first is now going to be mine." He went up to the red-haired girl, and while he was seizing her he glanced at Tess. "I may be able to clim' along the bank perhaps--I can clim' better than they. And almost before she was aware, she was seated in his arms and resting against his shoulder. "They are better women than I," she replied, magnanimously sticking to her resolve. she said timidly. And all this fluff of muslin about you is the froth." "No." However, he walked slowly, to make the remainder of the distance as long as possible; but at last they came to the bend, and the rest of their progress was in full view of the other three. Her friends were looking with round thoughtful eyes at her and him, and she could see that they had been talking of her. "He likes 'ee best--the very best! "But O! "We be friends with her again," she said to them. Why don't ye speak, Izz?" But he did not. There was so much frankness and so little jealousy because there was no hope. whispered one, half-an-hour later. "I wonder what she is like--the lady they say his family have looked out for him!" "Some lady looked out for him?" But he is sure to marry her."
July passed over their heads, and the Thermidorean weather which came in its wake seemed an effort on the part of Nature to match the state of hearts at Talbothays Dairy. They milked entirely in the meads for coolness and convenience, without driving in the cows. All the men, and some of the women, when milking, dug their foreheads into the cows and gazed into the pail. She was milking Old Pretty thus, and the sun chancing to be on the milking-side, it shone flat upon her pink-gowned form and her white curtain-bonnet, and upon her profile, rendering it keen as a cameo cut from the dun background of the cow. She did not know that Clare had followed her round, and that he sat under his cow watching her. And it was in her mouth that this culminated. But no--they were not perfect. "Forgive me, Tess dear!" he whispered. "I ought to have asked. She slipped up from her seat, and they stood together, his arm still encircling her. he said. "That I--love you dearly and truly I need not say. He had allowed her to free herself; and in a minute or two the milking of each was resumed.
Upon her sensations the whole world depended to Tess; through her existence all her fellow-creatures existed, to her. He thought he would go and see his friends. It might be possible to sound them upon this. Would not a farmer want a wife, and should a farmer's wife be a drawing-room wax-figure, or a woman who understood farming? Notwithstanding the pleasing answer returned to him by the silence, he resolved to go his journey. One morning when they sat down to breakfast at Talbothays Dairy some maid observed that she had not seen anything of Mr Clare that day. "O no," said Dairyman Crick. "Mr Clare has gone hwome to Emminster to spend a few days wi' his kinsfolk." At this moment of the morning Angel Clare was riding along a narrow lane ten miles distant from the breakfasters, in the direction of his father's Vicarage at Emminster, carrying, as well as he could, a little basket which contained some black-puddings and a bottle of mead, sent by Mrs Crick, with her kind respects, to his parents. He loved her; ought he to marry her? What would his mother and his brothers say? The young lady was Miss Mercy Chant, the only daughter of his father's neighbour and friend, whom it was his parents' quiet hope that he might wed some day. It was on the impulse of the moment that he had resolved to trot over to Emminster, and hence had not written to apprise his mother and father, aiming, however, to arrive about the breakfast hour, before they should have gone out to their parish duties. He was a little late, and they had already sat down to the morning meal. The group at the table jumped up to welcome him as soon as he entered. It was chiefly a difference in his manner that they noticed just now, particularly his brothers. He was getting to behave like a farmer; he flung his legs about; the muscles of his face had grown more expressive; his eyes looked as much information as his tongue spoke, and more. Felix seemed to him all Church; Cuthbert all College. They were both dutiful and attentive sons, and were regular in their visits to their parents. Angel looked round for Mrs Crick's black-puddings, which he had directed to be nicely grilled as they did them at the dairy, and of which he wished his father and mother to appreciate the marvellous herbal savours as highly as he did himself. "Of course," said Angel cheerfully, looking round for the mead. said Angel. "I rather wanted to say we enjoyed the mead and the black-puddings very much. He felt that his parents were right in their practice if wrong in their want of sentiment, and said no more.
  It was not till the evening, after family prayers, that Angel found opportunity of broaching to his father one or two subjects near his heart. When the service was over they went out of the room with their mother, and Mr Clare and himself were left alone. His father then told him that, as he had not been put to the expense of sending Angel up to Cambridge, he had felt it his duty to set by a sum of money every year towards the purchase or lease of land for him some day, that he might not feel himself unduly slighted. "As far as worldly wealth goes," continued his father, "you will no doubt stand far superior to your brothers in a few years." Would it not be well, therefore, for him to marry? But her father, who is quite as opposed to such flummery as I, says that can be cured. "Yes, yes; Mercy is good and devout, I know. "Is she of a family such as you would care to marry into--a lady, in short?" But she IS a lady, nevertheless--in feeling and nature." "Mercy Chant is of a very good family." "O Angel, you are mocking!" They said finally that it was better not to act in a hurry, but that they would not object to see her. To neither Felix nor Cuthbert had he ventured to mention Tess. His mother made him sandwiches, and his father accompanied him, on his own mare, a little way along the road. said Mr Clare, with genial scorn; and he proceeded to recount experiences which would show the absurdity of that idea. A knowledge of his career having come to the ears of Mr Clare, when he was in that part of the country preaching missionary sermons, he boldly took occasion to speak to the delinquent on his spiritual state. Angel flushed with distress. said his father, his rugged face shining in the ardour of self-abnegation. "No, he did not.
The denizens were all enjoying the usual afternoon nap of an hour or so which the exceedingly early hours kept in summer-time rendered a necessity. He unbridled and fed his horse, and as he re-entered the house the clock struck three. he whispered, putting his arm round her, and his face to her flushed cheek. As they retreated to the milk-house Deborah Fyander appeared on the stairs. Then he pressed her again to his side, and when she had done running her forefinger round the leads to cut off the cream-edge, he cleaned it in nature's way; for the unconstrained manners of Talbothays dairy came convenient now. With pain that was like the bitterness of dissolution she murmured the words of her indispensable and sworn answer as an honourable woman. "But, Tess!" he said, amazed at her reply, and holding her still more greedily close. "Tess," he said, holding her at arm's length, "you are engaged to marry some one else!" "I don't want to marry! she echoed. "Is it too sudden to be asked thus, my Pretty?" she said, turning away from him. They are two of the few remaining Evangelical school.
he asked her in the course of a few days. She started. Not fine lady enough?" "Yes--something like that," murmured she. Honestly, Tess, do you love any other man?" she said, with continued self-suppression. "Why don't somebody tell him all about me?" she said. Clare was so pained and perplexed that he ran after and caught her in the passage. she exclaimed. Tell me anything, but don't use that wretched expression any more about not being worthy of me." "Say on Sunday?" But she did not go to the milking. Thursday came, and Angel looked thoughtfully at her from a distance, but intruded in no way upon her. "I can't bear to let anybody have him but me! Yet it is a wrong to him, and may kill him when he knows!
said Dairyman Crick, as he sat down to breakfast next day, with a riddling gaze round upon the munching men and maids. "Well," said the dairyman, "'tis that slack-twisted 'hore's-bird of a feller, Jack Dollop. He's lately got married to a widow-woman." "Not Jack Dollop? Never meant to," replied the dairyman. But onluckily the poor woman gets the worst o't." asked the dairyman of Tess. But Angel said no more; his face was perplexed; he went away. The fitful evasiveness of her manner when the subject was under discussion countenanced the idea. Tess knew that she must break down. She had run up in her bedgown to his door to call him as usual; then had gone back to dress and call the others; and in ten minutes was walking to the head of the stairs with the candle in her hand. Is it to be yes at last?" "Angel." We shan't be soon enough with this milk at the station, if we don't mind. It must go to station straight from here. The evening, though sunless, had been warm and muggy for the season, and Tess had come out with her milking-hood only, naked-armed and jacketless; certainly not dressed for a drive. She assented by relinquishing her pail and stool to the dairyman to take home, and mounted the spring-waggon beside Clare.
Every now and then Angel would fling the lash of his whip round one of these, pluck it off, and give it to his companion. She imperceptibly crept closer, and he wrapped round them both a large piece of sail-cloth, which was sometimes used to keep the sun off the milk-cans. "Now we are all right again. The only reply that he could hear for a little while was the smack of the horse's hoofs on the moistening road, and the cluck of the milk in the cans behind them. "Before we get home, mind." "I'll try." She mounted again beside her lover, with a mute obedience characteristic of impassioned natures at times, and when they had wrapped themselves up over head and ears in the sailcloth again, they plunged back into the now thick night. she asked. He pressed her more closely to his side. "A d'Urberville!--Indeed! And is that all the trouble, dear Tess?" "Yes--it is surprising how many of the present tillers of the soil were once owners of it, and I sometimes wonder that a certain school of politicians don't make capital of the circumstance; but they don't seem to know it... She was agitated. The secret is out, so why should you any longer refuse me?" "If it is SURE to make you happy to have me as your wife, and you feel that you do wish to marry me, VERY, VERY much--"  "I do, dearest, of course!" He clasped her close and kissed her. "Yes!" She had no sooner said it than she burst into a dry hard sobbing, so violent that it seemed to rend her. Tess was not a hysterical girl by any means, and he was surprised. Where does she live?" "Ah, then I HAVE seen you before this summer--"  "Yes; at that dance on the green; but you would not dance with me.
But with respect to your question,    Tess, J say between ourselves, quite private but very    strong, that on no account do you say a word of your    Bygone Trouble to him. No    girl would be such a Fool, specially as it is so long    ago, and not your Fault at all. murmured Tess. Her mother did not see life as Tess saw it. To her sublime trustfulness he was all that goodness could be--knew all that a guide, philosopher, and friend should know. She dismissed the past--trod upon it and put it out, as one treads on a coal that is smouldering and dangerous. One evening Tess and Clare were obliged to sit indoors keeping house, all the other occupants of the domicile being away. Distinction does not consist in the facile use of a contemptible set of conventions, but in being numbered among those who are true, and honest, and just, and pure, and lovely, and of good report--as you are, my Tess." he said. "That is just what I feel. The more particularly to assure him that she was not, she placed herself close to him in the settle, and allowed her head to find a resting-place against Clare's shoulder. Before discussion of the question had proceeded further there walked round the corner of the settle into the full firelight of the apartment Mr Dairyman Crick, Mrs Crick, and two of the milkmaids. "I knew how it would be if I sat so close to him!" "We are going to be married soon," said Clare, with improvised phlegm. Well, I am truly glad to hear it, sir. "He's going to marry her!" murmured Retty, never taking eyes off Tess. "Some day." They thought that this was evasiveness only. "He ought to marry one of you," murmured Tess. They went up to her and clasped her round, but still her sobs tore her. They were not aware that, at these words, salt, stinging tears trickled down upon Tess's pillow anew, and how she resolved, with a bursting heart, to tell all her history to Angel Clare, despite her mother's command--to let him for whom she lived and breathed despise her if he would, and her mother regard her as a fool, rather then preserve a silence which might be deemed a treachery to him, and which somehow seemed a wrong to these.
In the presence of these things he would remind her that the date was still the question. Batches of the animals were sent away daily to this lying-in hospital, where they lived on straw till their calves were born, after which event, and as soon as the calf could walk, mother and offspring were driven back to the dairy. "Well, it is convenient--you have admitted that." he said. "It is. Perhaps I saw that before you did." She hated the thought, and she hated more the thought of going home. But she wrote anew to her mother, ostensibly to notify the wedding-day; really to again implore her advice. He wished to have her under his charge for another reason. They decided to go immediately after the wedding, and remain for a fortnight, instead of journeying to towns and inns. The thirty-first of December, New Year's Eve, was the date. Could it ever be? And yet why? One Sunday morning Izz Huett returned from church, and spoke privately to Tess. "It should ha' been the first time of asking to-day," she answered, looking quietly at Tess. "And there must be three times of asking. And now there be only two Sundays left between." The banns, I mean." But to know that things were in train was an immense relief to Tess notwithstanding, who had well-nigh feared that somebody would stand up and forbid the banns on the ground of her history. But everything went smoothly. She wondered whether he would like her to be married in her present best white frock, or if she ought to buy a new one. He entered the house shortly after the arrival of the packages, and heard her upstairs undoing them. A minute later she came down with a flush on her face and tears in her eyes. "Even to the gloves and handkerchief! Since she had been at the dairy she had not once thought of the lines till now.
  Angel felt that he would like to spend a day with her before the wedding, somewhere away from the dairy, as a last jaunt in her company while there were yet mere lover and mistress; a romantic day, in circumstances that would never be repeated; with that other and greater day beaming close ahead of them. During the preceding week, therefore, he suggested making a few purchases in the nearest town, and they started together. They went in the gig that day. They parted tenderly that night on the landing, and Clare ascended to his attic. While she sat she heard a noise in Angel's room overhead, a sound of thumping and struggling. This was the last drachm required to turn the scale of her indecision. It came, as usual; he descended, as usual. But he said not a word to her about her revelation, even when they were alone. Could he have had it? that he forgave her; that he loved her for what she was, just as she was, and smiled at her disquiet as at a foolish nightmare? She glanced into his room, and could see nothing of it. It might be that he forgave her. The carpet reached close to the sill, and under the edge of the carpet she discerned the faint white margin of the envelope containing her letter to him, which he obviously had never seen, owing to her having in her haste thrust it beneath the carpet as well as beneath the door. She could not let him read it now, the house being in full bustle of preparation; and descending to her own room she destroyed the letter there. She was so pale when he saw her again that he felt quite anxious. "We shall have plenty of time, hereafter, I hope, to talk over our failings. The church was a long way off, and they were obliged to drive, particularly as it was winter. They disapproved of the marriage, and could not be expected to countenance it. Her eyes could dwell upon details more clearly now, and Mr and Mrs Crick having directed their own gig to be sent for them, to leave the carriage to the young couple, she observed the build and character of that conveyance for the first time. It is all so serious, Angel. It is very odd--I must have seen it in a dream." A certain d'Urberville of the sixteenth or seventeenth century committed a dreadful crime in his family coach; and since that time members of the family see or hear the old coach whenever--But I'll tell you another day--it is rather gloomy. "Is it when we are going to die, Angel, that members of my family see it, or is it when we have committed a crime?" However, when she found herself alone in her room for a few minutes--the last day this on which she was ever to enter it--she knelt down and prayed. All the servantry of the dairy were standing in the red-brick entry to see them go out, the dairyman and his wife following to the door.
But he found that the mouldy old habitation somewhat depressed his bride. He said nothing of this, however, and, regretting that he had gone out of his way to choose the house for their bridal time, went on into the adjoining room. "They are all yours," said she, very prettily, and endeavoured to be gayer than she was. They went into the ancient parlour to tea, and here they shared their first common meal alone. Looking at her silently for a long time; "She is a dear dear Tess," he thought to himself, as one deciding on the true construction of a difficult passage. They sat on over the tea-table waiting for their luggage, which the dairyman had promised to send before it grew dark. I cannot think why old Jonathan has not come with them. Ah, there he is!" He returned to the room with a small package in his hand. "It is not Jonathan, after all," he said. Suddenly he said with enthusiasm--  "Tess, put them on--put them on!" And he turned from the fire to help her. "It ought to be a low one for a set of brilliants like that." he said. Never. She had something to tell, and there might be help in these. She sat down with the jewels upon her; and they again indulged in conjectures as to where Jonathan could possibly be with their baggage. It had been caused by the opening of the outer door. A heavy step was now heard in the passage, and Angel went out. But you are very late." "Dear me;--what--"  "Well, some says it do mane one thing, and some another; but what's happened is that poor little Retty Priddle hev tried to drown herself." Really! "And, more than this, there's Marian; she's been found dead drunk by the withy-bed--a girl who hev never been known to touch anything before except shilling ale; though, to be sure, 'a was always a good trencher-woman, as her face showed. "And Izz?" "I am so sorry you should have heard this sad story about the girls," he said. It was wicked of her to take all without paying. "Do you remember what we said to each other this morning about telling our faults?" "You have to confess something?" she said quickly, and even with gladness and relief. How strange it was! But I did not. He then told her of that time of his life to which allusion has been made when, tossed about by doubts and difficulties in London, like a cork on the waves, he plunged into eight-and-forty hours' dissipation with a stranger. "I would have no more to say to her, and I came home. "It can hardly be more serious, dearest." She sat down again.
"Tess!" "Am I to believe this? You ought to be! "And yet--"  He looked vacantly at her, to resume with dazed senses: "Why didn't you tell me before? And, as he did not answer, she said again--  "Forgive me as you are forgiven! "You--yes, you do." "Angel, Angel! she cried out. "I know that." It frightens me! The horrible sense of his view of her so deadened her that she staggered, and he stepped forward, thinking she was going to fall. "You are ill; and it is natural that you should be." "It is not me, but another woman like me that he loved, he says." The image raised caused her to take pity upon herself as one who was ill-used. "And if I order you to do anything?" He was gone; she could not stay. At last, however, her listless walk brought her up alongside him, and still he said nothing. What a weak thing her presence must have become to him! She could not help addressing Clare. No, not the same. I was a child--a child when it happened! "You were more sinned against than sinning, that I admit." "And love me?" To this question he did not answer. The river is down there. "Don't speak so absurdly--I wish not to hear it. Please oblige me by returning to the house, and going to bed." Before lying down he crept shoeless upstairs, and listened at the door of her apartment. Her measured breathing told that she was sleeping profoundly. In the act he caught sight of one of the d'Urberville dames, whose portrait was immediately over the entrance to Tess's bedchamber. He resumed his retreat and descended. He argued erroneously when he said to himself that her heart was not indexed in the honest freshness of her face; but Tess had no advocate to set him right. He reclined on his couch in the sitting-room, and extinguished the light.
He remembered that it would be the neighbouring cottager's wife, who was to minister to their wants while they remained here. She had a milk-can in her hand, which he told her to leave at the door. He opened the front door, and took a few steps in the morning air. Her hands and face appeared to be cold, and she had possibly been sitting dressed in the bedroom a long time without any fire. He spoke gently to her, and she replied with a like undemonstrativeness. "Angel!" she said, and paused, touching him with her fingers lightly as a breeze, as though she could hardly believe to be there in the flesh the man who was once her lover. "Tess! "It is true." However, she only repeated--  "It is true." Angel then asked. "The baby died." "But the man?" "He is alive." "Is he in England?" Therein lay just the distress of it; she saw that he had lost all round. You CAN get rid of me." "How?" "By divorcing me." I thought my confession would give you grounds for that." "The courage to do what?" he inquired. "When?" he asked sternly. "I'll tell you, if you won't be angry with me!" But he still held her, and, letting his glance fall from her face downwards, he said,  "Now, listen to this. You must not dare to think of such a horrible thing! Since the desperation of the night her activities had dropped to zero, and there was no further rashness to be feared. Tess tried to busy herself again over the breakfast-table with more or less success, and they sat down both on the same side, so that their glances did not meet. About one he showed himself. He went first to the room where they had washed their hands together the day before, and as he entered the sitting-room the dish-covers rose from the dishes as if by his own motion. he said. She raised her eyes, and brightened somewhat. "You MAY think so, Tess! She broke into sobs, and turned her back to him. It would almost have won round any man but Angel Clare. He waited till her sobbing ceased. It was on the third occasion of his starting after a meal to go out to the flour-mill. Tess shrank into herself as if she had been struck. But he did not care for them now. He went out, and on his way to the mill stood still, and wished for a moment that he had responded yet more kindly, and kissed her once at least. and by chance she overheard him. If he were dead it might be different... Nothing else would serve her, she knew, if this failed. She found that her personality did not plead her cause so forcibly as she had anticipated. "But what can you do?" "And you would like to go home?" That day he began to pack up, and she went upstairs and began to pack      also.
Her loyal confidence in him lay so deep down in her heart, that, awake or asleep, he inspired her with no sort of personal fear. Clare came close, and bent over her. "Dead, dead, dead!" he murmured. Then lifting her from the bed with as much respect as one would show to a dead body, he carried her across the room, murmuring--  "My poor, poor Tess--my dearest, darling Tess! So sweet, so good, so true!" he said. Was he going to throw her down? Then he clasped her with a renewed firmness of hold, and descended the staircase. The creak of the loose stair did not awaken him, and they reached the ground-floor safely. Thus he bore her off the premises in the direction of the river a few yards distant. Clare did not cross the bridge with her, but proceeding several paces on the same side towards the adjoining mill, at length stood still on the brink of the river. Was he going to drown her? Tess sat up in the coffin. If he were left to himself he would in all probability stay there till the morning, and be chilled to certain death. But how could she dare to awaken him, and let him know what he had been doing, when it would mortify him to discover his folly in respect of her? Thus she conducted him by the arm to the stone bridge in front of their residence, crossing which they stood at the manor-house door. She induced him to lie down on his own sofa bed, and covered him up warmly, lighting a temporary fire of wood, to dry any dampness out of him. He had ordered by letter a vehicle from the nearest town, and soon after breakfast it arrived. They feared she would come to no good. "There is no anger between us, though there is that which I cannot endure at present. I will let you know where I go to as soon as I know myself. "Until you come to me I must not try to come to you?" "O yes--if you are ill, or want anything at all. I hope that will not be the case; so that it may happen that I write first to you." He now handed her a packet containing a fairly good sum of money, which he had obtained from his bankers for the purpose. These things arranged, he walked with Tess back to the carriage, and handed her in. When Tess had passed over the crest of the hill he turned to go his own way, and hardly knew that he loved her still.
Her first thought was how would she be able to face her parents? She asked the turnpike-keeper if she might deposit her things at his house for a while, and, on his offering no objection, she dismissed her carriage, and went on to the village alone by a back lane. Tess hastily explained that he had been called away on business, and, leaving her interlocutor, clambered over the garden-hedge, and thus made her way to the house. "And now 'tis on'y Saturday, and he gone away?" "Mother!" Tess retreated upstairs and beheld casually that the beds had been shifted, and new arrangements made. He asked if any letter had come from her that day. said Sir John. And now to be sure what they fellers at Rolliver's and The Pure Drop will say to me! But she can make him keep her if he's married her?" And if her father doubted her a little, would not neighbours and acquaintance doubt her much? O, she could not live long at home! A few days, accordingly, were all that she allowed herself here, at the end of which time she received a short note from Clare, informing her that he had gone to the North of England to look at a farm. Still further to screen her husband from any imputation of unkindness to her, she took twenty-five of the fifty pounds Clare had given her, and handed the sum over to her mother, as if the wife of a man like Angel Clare could well afford it, saying that it was a slight return for the trouble and humiliation she had brought upon them in years past.
  It was three weeks after the marriage that Clare found himself descending the hill which led to the well-known parsonage of his father. The picture of life had changed for him. That was just Clare's own opinion. But he was perturbed. He was embittered by the conviction that all this desolation had been brought about by the accident of her being a d'Urberville. When he found that Tess came of that exhausted ancient line, and was not of the new tribes from below, as he had fondly dreamed, why had he not stoically abandoned her in fidelity to his principles? "But--where's your wife, dear Angel?" I have come home rather in a hurry because I've decided to go to Brazil." He would have to visit home in the course of a year, if he went out at once; and it would be possible for them to see her before he started a second time--with her. I am sure she is very pretty, Angel." "And that she is pure and virtuous goes without question?" "Of course." "My dear son, your father has decided to read us the chapter in Proverbs in praise of a virtuous wife. He went to his own chamber. His mother followed him, and tapped at his door. "Angel," she asked, "is there something wrong that you go away so soon? "About her? With a mother's instinct Mrs Clare had put her finger on the kind of trouble that would cause such a disquiet as seemed to agitate her son. "She is spotless!"
After breakfast Clare went into the little town to wind up such trifling matters as he was concerned with there, and to get from the local bank all the money he possessed. On his way back he encountered Miss Mercy Chant by the church, from whose walls she seemed to be a sort of emanation. He also paid into the bank thirty pounds--to be sent to Tess in a few months, as she might require; and wrote to her at her parents' home in Blackmoor Vale to inform her of what he had done. The farmer and his wife were in the field at the moment of his visit, and Clare was in the rooms alone for some time. The bed was smooth as she had made it with her own hands on the morning of leaving. He soon found the farmer, and settled the account for his rent and the few other items which had to be considered by reason of the sudden abandonment of the lodgings. "Going to Brazil." "She is not going at present--say for a year or so. "How is Retty?" "How is that? When you first came, sir, that was. But I ought to remind you that it will be wrong-doing in the eyes of civilization--Western civilization, that is to say." "More than Tess?" "No," she murmured, "not more than she." "Because nobody could love 'ee more than Tess did! "Now, Izz," he said, while she stood beside him there, forcing himself to the mentor's part he was far from feeling; "I want you to tell Marian when you see her that she is to be a good woman, and not to give way to folly. But his sorrow was not for Izz. If he was right at first, he was right now. He took the train that night for London, and five days after shook hands in farewell of his brothers at the port of embarkation.
  From the foregoing events of the winter-time let us press on to an October day, more than eight months subsequent to the parting of Clare and Tess. Her consciousness was at that other dairy, at that other season, in the presence of the tender lover who had confronted her there--he who, the moment she had grasped him to keep for her own, had disappeared like a shape in a vision. But she had to do it, and one by one they left her hands. She had been compelled to send her mother her address from time to time, but she concealed her circumstances. When her money had almost gone a letter from her mother reached her. Tess had thirty pounds coming to her almost immediately from Angel's bankers, and, the case being so deplorable, as soon as the sum was received she sent the twenty as requested. To let her parents know that she was a deserted wife, dependent, now that she had relieved their necessities, on her own hands for a living, after the _eclat_ of a marriage which was to nullify the collapse of the first attempt, would be too much indeed. The set of brilliants returned to her mind. To return. She was now on her way to an upland farm in the centre of the county, to which she had been recommended by a wandering letter which had reached her from Marian. Marian had somehow heard that Tess was separated from her husband--probably through Izz Huett--and the good-natured and now tippling girl, deeming Tess in trouble, had hastened to notify to her former friend that she herself had gone to this upland spot after leaving the dairy, and would like to see her there, where there was room for other hands, if it was really true that she worked again as of old. She recognized in him the well-to-do boor whom Angel had knocked down at the inn for addressing her coarsely. She thought of her husband in some vague warm clime on the other side of the globe, while she was here in the cold. Soon she was certain that the noises came from wild creatures of some kind, the more so when, originating in the boughs overhead, they were followed by the fall of a heavy body upon the ground. Tess guessed at once the meaning of this. "Poor darlings--to suppose myself the most miserable being on earth in the sight o' such misery as yours!" she exclaimed, her tears running down as she killed the birds tenderly.
But that she could not do so long as it was held by Clare. She reached Chalk-Newton, and breakfasted at an inn, where several young men were troublesomely complimentary to her good looks. She was bound to take care of herself on the chance of it, and keep off these casual lovers. To this end Tess resolved to run no further risks from her appearance. said the next man who met her to a companion. she said. Tess could hear the occupants of the cottage--gathered together after their day's labour--talking to each other within, and the rattle of their supper-plates was also audible. And is it really so bad as this, my child? Not HE?" I merely did it not to be clipsed or colled, Marian." "And you've got no collar on" (Tess had been accustomed to wear a little white collar at the dairy). Marian paused. So it must be something outside ye both." Do they want a hand here?" Corn and swedes are all they grow. Now, Marian, remember--nothing about HIM if I get the place. Having signed the agreement, there was nothing more for Tess to do at present than to get a lodging, and she found one in the house at whose gable-wall she had warmed herself. That night she wrote to inform her parents of her new address, in case a letter should arrive at Marlott from her husband.
  There was no exaggeration in Marian's definition of Flintcomb-Ash farm as a starve-acre place. The single fat thing on the soil was Marian herself; and she was an importation. But Tess set to work. In the afternoon the rain came on again, and Marian said that they need not work any more. "I've got used to it," she said, "and can't leave it off now. "I'll write to Izz Huett," she said. "She's biding at home doing nothing now, I know, and I'll tell her we be here, and ask her to come; and perhaps Retty is well enough now." They knew that it meant snow, and in the night the snow came. Well, as for the weather, it won't hurt us in the wheat-barn; but reed-drawing is fearful hard work--worse than swede-hacking. "Why, here's Izz!" said Marian. Izz it was, and she came forward. In addition to Tess, Marian, and Izz, there were two women from a neighbouring village; two Amazonian sisters, whom Tess with a start remembered as Dark Car, the Queen of Spades, and her junior, the Queen of Diamonds--those who had tried to fight with her in the midnight quarrel at Trantridge. The day hardened in colour, the light coming in at the barndoors upwards from the snow instead of downwards from the sky. Presently they heard the muffled tread of a horse, and the farmer rode up to the barndoor. He concluded with a hard laugh. "Oh, but it does. Marian and Izz would have done likewise, but on hearing that Tess meant to stay, to make up by longer hours for her lack of skill, they would not leave her. pleaded Tess. "Perhaps there's a good deal to be said for him! cried Marian. "Oh, that's how you get on when I am away," he said to her. "But it is my own loss," she pleaded. At last Tess grew more and more anxious to know what they were saying, and, persuading herself that she felt better, she got up and resumed work. Tess urged Izz to leave off, agreeing, as she felt better, to finish the day without her, and make equal division of the number of sheaves. she said in a dreamy tone. "And I loved him so! But this about Izz is too bad!" "Is it about my husband?" she stammered. He wanted her to go off to Brazil with him." "And did Izz refuse to go?" she asked. Anyhow he changed his mind." "Pooh--then he didn't mean it! said Marian. It is a very good thing that you have done! I ought to have sent him a letter oftener. The dim light in the barn grew dimmer, and they could see to work no longer.
Why had her husband not written to her? Was he really indifferent? To leave the farm on a week-day was not in her power; Sunday was the only possible opportunity. And the distance being fifteen miles each way she would have to allow herself a long day for the undertaking by rising early. A fortnight later, when the snow had gone, and had been followed by a hard black frost, she took advantage of the state of the roads to try the experiment. At four o'clock that Sunday morning she came downstairs and stepped out into the starlight. Marian and Izz were much interested in her excursion, knowing that the journey concerned her husband. However, about noon she paused by a gate on the edge of the basin in which Emminster and its Vicarage lay. But it was incumbent upon her to go on now. Tess went as far as the corner. Ah--the explanation was that they were all at church, every one. She would not make herself conspicuous by waiting on the spot, and she started to get past the church into the lane. But as she reached the churchyard-gate the people began pouring out, and Tess found herself in the midst of them. The Emminster congregation looked at her as only a congregation of small country-townsfolk walking home at its leisure can look at a woman out of the common whom it perceives to be a stranger. The pedestrians were his two brothers. They were plainly bent upon taking a short quick stroll before going indoors to lunch or dinner, to restore warmth to limbs chilled with sitting through a long service. They said nothing, however, which particularly interested her till, observing the young lady still further in front, one of them remarked, "There is Mercy Chant. Tess knew the name. poor Angel, poor Angel! It is a queer business, apparently. What a wicked thing to do! Cuthbert Clare, who had been the one to find them, picked them up for her with the crook of his stick; and Tess's boots were appropriated. She, who had heard this, walked past under the screen of her woollen veil till, presently looking back, she perceived that the church party had left the gate with her boots and retreated down the hill. It was impossible to think of returning to the Vicarage. And they didn't think that HE chose the colour o' my pretty frock--no--how could they? she said. It had no sprightliness, no purpose; only a tendency. she said. But, Lord, I don't go to hear'n! His voice became so distinct in the still clear air that she could soon catch his sentences, though she was on the closed side of the barn. He had scoffed; he had wantonly associated with the reckless and the lewd.
  Till this moment she had never seen or heard from d'Urberville since her departure from Trantridge. To think of what emanated from that countenance when she saw it last, and to behold it now! Yet could it be so? As soon as the nerveless pause of her surprise would allow her to stir, her impulse was to pass on out of his sight. But the moment that she moved again he recognized her. She went on without turning her head. "Tess!" he repeated. She then looked back at him, and he came up. But--I must put up with that. Tess, you wonder why I have followed you?" You have heard of him?" "I can't believe in such sudden things! It came to me like a jolly new idea! "Why?" She dropped her voice. "Because a better man than you does not believe in such." "Yes," she replied sadly. "But I cannot believe in your conversion to a new spirit. "Don't look at me like that!" said Tess. After this their conversation dwindled to a casual remark now and then as they rambled onward, Tess inwardly wondering how far he was going with her, and not liking to send him back by positive mandate. At length the road touched the spot called "Cross-in-Hand." She told him of the first one--the only one that related to him. But before we part come here." He, Mr Clare, would much have liked to see d'Urberville in the Church to whose ministry he had devoted so many years of his own life, and would have helped him to enter a theological college to that end; but since his correspondent had possibly not cared to do this on account of the delay it would have entailed, he was not the man to insist upon its paramount importance. she asked of him. They say he sold his soul to the devil, and that he walks at times." She felt the _petite mort_ at this unexpectedly gruesome information, and left the solitary man behind her. For a moment the voices cheered the heart of Tess, till she reasoned that this interview had its origin, on one side or the other, in the same attraction which had been the prelude to her own tribulation. The woman was Izz Huett, whose interest in Tess's excursion immediately superseded her own proceedings. "He is Amby Seedling, the chap who used to sometimes come and help at Talbothays," she explained indifferently. "He actually inquired and found out that I had come here, and has followed me. He says he's been in love wi' me these two years.
  Several days had passed since her futile journey, and Tess was afield. said she. By going on with her work she felt better able to keep him outside her emotions. Why is that?" It was unmistakably a symptom that something of his old passion for her had been revived; duty and desire ran hand-in-hand. Tess, too, felt that the argument could not be ended there. When they reached the first newly-ploughed section he held out his hand to help her over it; but she stepped forward on the summits of the earth-rolls as if she did not see him. "Somebody else? he exclaimed; and he stopped dead and gazed at her. But I thought that our marriage might be a sanctification for us both. "He is far away." He found out--"  "Ah, is it so! "Yes, yes; I will," he said abruptly, and thrusting the glove back to her he turned to leave. And what mid Methodist pa'sons have to do with she?" She went close up to him. "What! I can see in his face what a churl he is." HE'S not in love with me. she said breathlessly; "I could not have married him now! That very night she began an appealing letter to Clare, concealing from him her hardships, and assuring him of her undying affection. But again she did not finish her effusion; he had asked Izz to go with him, and perhaps he did not care for her at all. She put the letter in her box, and wondered if it would ever reach Angel's hands. She had hardly finished her dinner when d'Urberville's figure darkened the window of the cottage wherein she was a lodger, which she had all to herself to-day. Tess jumped up, but her visitor had knocked at the door, and she could hardly in reason run away. She thought that she would not open the door; but, as there was no sense in that either, she arose, and having lifted the latch stepped back quickly. "I felt that I must call at least to ask how you are. It is hard that a good woman should do harm to a bad man; yet so it is. "You really think that?" Though I don't believe in anything supernatural." "Ah, because he knew everything!" He would never argue on the subject with me! "I wanted to believe what he believed, though he didn't wish me to; and I managed to coax him to tell me a few of his thoughts. He fell into thought. What's good enough for him is good enough for me." "Well--you are better off to-day that I am, Tess, after all! "How?" "Nothing intentionally. he said freakishly shaking her, as if she were a child. But the fact remains. she cried in much excitement. Alec! He clenched his lips, mortified with himself for his weakness. He said to himself, as he pondered again and again over the crystallized phrases that she had handed on to him, "That clever fellow little thought that, by telling her those things, he might be paving my way back to her!"
They were busily "unhaling" the rick, that is, stripping off the thatch before beginning to throw down the sheaves; and while this was in progress Izz and Tess, with the other women-workers, in their whitey-brown pinners, stood waiting and shivering, Farmer Groby having insisted upon their being on the spot thus early to get the job over if possible by the end of the day. What he looked he felt. Beyond its extent the environment might be corn, straw, or chaos; it was all the same to him. It was the ceaselessness of the work which tried her so severely, and began to make her wish that she had never some to Flintcomb-Ash. As Tess and the man who fed could never turn their heads she did not know that just before the dinner-hour a person had come silently into the field by the gate, and had been standing under a second rick watching the scene and Tess in particular. "Who is that?" said Izz Huett to Marian. "Don't. "You wouldn't look so white then. He strode across them, and sat down opposite of her without a word. Tess continued to eat her modest dinner, a slice of thick pancake which she had brought with her. she cried, reproach flashing from her very finger-ends. But you do! The brethren! Tess attempted to expostulate, but at this juncture all her fluency failed her, and without heeding he added:  "Well, this paradise that you supply is perhaps as good as any other, after all. She tried to argue, and tell him that he had mixed in his dull brain two matters, theology and morals, which in the primitive days of mankind had been quite distinct. But owing to Angel Clare's reticence, to her absolute want of training, and to her being a vessel of emotions rather than reasons, she could not get on. "And there was never warmth with me! I came Tess, to say that I don't like you to be working like this, and I have come on purpose for you. I, at any rate, try to help you out of trouble, but he does not, bless his invisible face! It was heavy and thick as a warrior's, and it struck him flat on the mouth. But he soon controlled himself, calmly drew his handkerchief from his pocket, and mopped his bleeding lips. She too had sprung up, but she sank down again. "And you cannot be. His voice hardened as his temper got the better of him with the recollection of his sincerity in asking her and her present ingratitude, and he stepped across to her side and held her by the shoulders, so that she shook under his grasp.
  In the afternoon the farmer made it known that the rick was to be finished that night, since there was a moon by which they could see to work, and the man with the engine was engaged for another farm on the morrow. He had seen her lift her eyes, and waved his hand urbanely to her, while he blew her a kiss. She knew that Alec d'Urberville was still on the scene, observing her from some point or other, though she could not say where. But Tess still kept going: if she could not fill her part she would have to leave; and this contingency, which she would have regarded with equanimity and even with relief a month or two earlier, had become a terror since d'Urberville had begun to hover round her. The sheaf-pitchers and feeders had now worked the rick so low that people on the ground could talk to them. To Tess's surprise Farmer Groby came up on the machine to her, and said that if she desired to join her friend he did not wish her to keep on any longer, and would send somebody else to take her place. She shook her head and toiled on. She was so utterly exhausted that she had not strength to speak louder. However, I have told the farmer that he has no right to employ women at steam-threshing. It is not proper work for them; and on all the better class of farms it has been given up, as he knows very well. "Don't mention my little brothers and sisters--don't make me break down quite!" she said. "If you want to help them--God knows they need it--do it without telling me. "I will take nothing from you, either for them or for me!" I am so exposed to    temptation, Angel. But, Angel, please, please, not to be just--only a    little kind to me, even if I do not deserve it, and come to    me! Only come back to me. I am, as I say, worried, pressed to do what I will    not do.
It was purely for security that she had been requested by Angel to send her communications through his father, whom he kept pretty well informed of his changing addresses in the country he had gone to exploit for himself with a heavy heart. "Now," said old Mr Clare to his wife, when he had read the envelope, "if Angel proposes leaving Rio for a visit home at the end of next month, as he told us that he hoped to do, I think this may hasten his plans; for I believe it to be from his wife." He breathed deeply at the thought of her; and the letter was redirected to be promptly sent on to Angel. "To my dying day I shall feel that he has been ill-used. This was the only wail with which Mrs Clare ever disturbed her husband's peace in respect to their sons. Who was the moral man? How, then, about Tess? Did she love him more than Tess did? Meanwhile the writer's expectation that Angel would come in response to the entreaty was alternately great and small. Nevertheless she addressed her mind to the tender question of what she could do to please him best if he should arrive. To perfect the ballads was now her whimsical desire. And pick your love a posy,    All o' the sweetest flowers    That in the garden grow. "What--is it 'Liza-Lu?" "What is the matter at home?" "Mother is took very bad, and the doctor says she's dying, and as father is not very well neither, and says 'tis wrong for a man of such a high family as his to slave and drave at common labouring work, we don't know what to do." It was imperative that she should go home. To go that night would be a gain of twelve-hours; but her sister was too tired to undertake such a distance till the morrow. Tess ran down to where Marian and Izz lived, informed them of what had happened, and begged them to make the best of her case to the farmer.
The winding road downwards became just visible to her under the wan starlight as she followed it, and soon she paced a soil so contrasting with that above it that the difference was perceptible to the tread and to the smell. In the direction of her mother's house she saw a light. But the day after her arrival he was unusually bright. "I'm thinking of sending round to all the old antiqueerians in this part of England," he said, "asking them to subscribe to a fund to maintain me. I'm sure they'd see it as a romantical, artistical, and proper thing to do. At the earliest moment she obtained what others she could procure, and in a few days her father was well enough to see to the garden, under Tess's persuasive efforts: while she herself undertook the allotment-plot which they rented in a field a couple of hundred yards out of the village. As evening thickened, some of the gardening men and women gave over for the night, but the greater number remained to get their planting done, Tess being among them, though she sent her sister home. You are Eve, and I am the old Other One come to tempt you in the disguise of an inferior animal. "And so on. I don't think of you in that way at all. I come to protest against your working like this." "Where are you going to next? To join your dear husband?" she said bitterly. "I have no husband!" He must!" "Why, he thinks we are the same family; and will be quite satisfied!" Tess could not get on with her digging after this; she felt restless; she wondered if he had gone back to her father's house; and taking the fork in her hand proceeded homewards. 'Liza-Lu is a-crying, and there's a lot of folk in the house, and mother is a good deal better, but they think father is dead!" "But father was only a little bit ill!"
These annual migrations from farm to farm were on the increase here. When Tess's mother was a child the majority of the field-folk about Marlott had remained all their lives on one farm, which had been the home also of their fathers and grandfathers; but latterly the desire for yearly removal had risen to a high pitch. As it was the last night they would spend in the village which had been their home and birthplace, Mrs Durbeyfield, 'Liza-Lu, and Abraham had gone out to bid some friends goodbye, and Tess was keeping house till they should return. Had she not come home, her mother and the children might probably have been allowed to stay on as weekly tenants. "I ought never to have come home," said Tess to herself, bitterly. It was not till he touched the window with his riding-crop that she observed him. It is rather dismal. Such is one version of the tale... Why is it?" "I am not a--proper woman." "Where are you going to?" "Kingsbere. "But your mother's family are not fit for lodgings, and in a little hole of a town like that. Now why not come to my garden-house at Trantridge? "But we have already taken the rooms at Kingsbere!" We'll get up a regular colony of fowls, and your mother can attend to them excellently; and the children can go to school." With stormy eyes she pulled the stay-bar quickly, and, in doing so, caught his arm between the casement and the stone mullion. Her husband, Angel Clare himself, had, like others, dealt out hard measure to her; surely he had! "Sing to me, dears," she said. Mrs Durbeyfield's pattens clicked up to the door, and Tess opened it. "I see the tracks of a horse outside the window," said Joan. The children by the fire looked gravely at her, and one murmured--  "Why, Tess, the gentleman a-horseback!" "He spoke to me in passing." You've seen him before, and so have I." What did he say?" It was not her husband, she had said.
Her mother, 'Liza-Lu, and Abraham were also awake, but the younger children were let sleep on. Tess and the next eldest girl walked alongside till they were out of the village. "Marian and Izz!" They told Tess their destination, and Tess told them hers. We didn't know that you was coming till we got your letter this morning--when 'twas too late. They moved on into the town, and tried with all their might, Tess remaining with the waggon to take care of the children whilst her mother and 'Liza-Lu made inquiries. It was a dry night, and he guessed that they would come to no harm. Now, Tess and 'Liza and Abraham, you help me. "If it comes to the worst we can sleep there too, for one night," she said. he said, riding up to them. It was Alec d'Urberville. "Where is Tess?" Personally Joan had no liking for Alec. She cursorily signified the direction of the church, and went on, d'Urberville saying that he would see them again, in case they should be still unsuccessful in their search for shelter, of which he had just heard. When they had gone, d'Urberville rode to the inn, and shortly after came out on foot. The door of the church was unfastened, and she entered it for the first time in her life. He leapt off the slab and supported her. What shall I do?" "Go away!" "I will--I'll look for your mother," said he blandly. "His having won her once makes all the difference in the world. Mr Clare can never be anything to us, Izz; and why should we grudge him to her, and not try to mend this quarrel? For she is sore put to by an Enemy in the shape    of a Friend. FROM TWO WELL-WISHERS   This was addressed to Angel Clare at the only place they had ever heard him to be connected with, Emminster Vicarage; after which they continued in a mood of emotional exaltation at their own generosity, which made them sing in hysterical snatches and weep at the same time.
Mrs Clare, who had been sitting in the drawing-room, followed him hither. His father, too, was shocked to see him, so reduced was that figure from its former contours by worry and the bad season that Clare had experienced, in the climate to which he had so rashly hurried in his first aversion to the mockery of events at home. he asked. It is all injustice I have received at your    hands! said Angel, throwing down the letter. Clare therefore thought it would be best to prepare Tess and her family by sending a line to Marlott announcing his return, and his hope that she was still living with them there, as he had arranged for her to do when he left England. J do not feel at liberty to tell you Where she is    temperly biding. They were all angry with him, evidently. He deserved no more. Then he hunted up the old letter sent on to him in Brazil, which Tess had written from Flintcomb-Ash, and re-read it. Come to me--come to me, and save me from what    threatens me! Clare determined that he would no longer believe in her more recent and severer regard of him, but would go and find her immediately. His father returned a negative, and then for the first time it occurred to Angel that her pride had stood in her way, and that she had suffered privation.
In a very few minutes after, he was driving up the hill out of the town which, three or four months earlier in the year, Tess had descended with such hopes and ascended with such shattered purposes. From this place they told him Tess Durbeyfield had gone, without due notice, to the home of her parents on the other side of Blackmoor, and it therefore became necessary to find Mrs Durbeyfield. She had told him she was not now at Marlott, but had been curiously reticent as to her actual address, and the only course was to go to Marlott and inquire for it. On inquiry of these precious innocents, to whom even the name of their predecessors was a failing memory, Clare learned that John Durbeyfield was dead; that his widow and children had left Marlott, declaring that they were going to live at Kingsbere, but instead of doing so had gone on to another place they mentioned. He found that the statement was true, and paid the bill. He was obliged to explain that he was Tess's husband, and his object in coming there, and he did it awkwardly enough. "I want to see her at once," he added. "Do you know if she is well?" Where is she staying?" "I--don't know exactly where she is staying," she answered. "Please tell me her address, Mrs Durbeyfield, in kindness to a lonely wretched man!" "Ah--where there?
  At eleven o'clock that night, having secured a bed at one of the hotels and telegraphed his address to his father immediately on his arrival, he walked out into the streets of Sandbourne. At the door he met an intelligent postman coming out with letters for the morning delivery. "Do you know the address of a Mrs Clare?" asked Angel. Then, remembering that she would have been likely to continue the use of her maiden name, Clare said--  "Of a Miss Durbeyfield?" "A stylish lodging-house. If poor Tess was a servant here, as he feared, she would go to the back-door to that milkman, and he was inclined to go thither also. Clare inquired for Teresa d'Urberville or Durbeyfield. "Mrs d'Urberville?" "Angel." "Mr Angel?" "No; Angel. She was loosely wrapped in a cashmere dressing-gown of gray-white, embroidered in half-mourning tints, and she wore slippers of the same hue. "Tess!" Can't you--come to me? But I say, I say it is too late." "He has won me back to him." But--will you go away, Angel, please, and never come any more?" A few instants passed, and he found that Tess was gone.
Then the door of the room above was shut, and Mrs Brooks knew that Tess had re-entered her apartment. She accordingly ascended the stairs softly, and stood at the door of the front room--a drawing-room, connected with the room immediately behind it (which was a bedroom) by folding-doors in the common manner. The landlady looked through the keyhole. ...  And at last I believed you and gave way! Now he is gone. There were more and sharper words from the man; then a sudden rustle; she had sprung to her feet. But Mrs Brooks felt it unsafe to watch on the landing again, and entered her own parlour below. She could hear nothing through the floor, although she listened intently, and thereupon went to the kitchen to finish her interrupted breakfast. She got upon the table, and touched the spot in the ceiling with her fingers. It was damp, and she fancied that it was a blood stain. She listened. A man she knew, one of the workmen employed at an adjoining villa, was passing by, and she begged him to come in and go upstairs with her; she feared something had happened to one of her lodgers. I think he has been hurt with a knife--a lot of blood had run down upon the floor!"
  Meanwhile Angel Clare had walked automatically along the way by which he had come, and, entering his hotel, sat down over the breakfast, staring at nothingness. At the moment of his departure a telegram was handed to him--a few words from his mother, stating that they were glad to know his address, and informing him that his brother Cuthbert had proposed to and been accepted by Mercy Chant. It was not till she was quite close that he could believe her to be Tess. To tell you that I have killed him!" "What!" said he, thinking from the strangeness of her manner that she was in some delirium. "Still, I owed it to you, and to myself, Angel. You didn't come back to me, and I was obliged to go back to him. "What, bodily? Is he dead?" Through the latter miles of their walk their footpath had taken them into the depths of the New Forest, and towards evening, turning the corner of a lane, they perceived behind a brook and bridge a large board on which was painted in white letters, "This desirable Mansion to be Let Furnished"; particulars following, with directions to apply to some London agents. "Some of the windows are open," said Tess. she asked. They retraced their steps, but it was half an hour before they stood without the entrance-gate as earlier. "Now, we can get in through one of the lower windows, and rest there," said he. Clare clambered in, and pulled Tess in after him. They heard her close the windows, fasten them, lock the door, and go away.
The morning was wet and foggy, and Clare, rightly informed that the caretaker only opened the windows on fine days, ventured to creep out of their chamber and explore the house, leaving Tess asleep. Whenever he suggested that they should leave their shelter, and go forwards towards Southampton or London, she showed a strange unwillingness to move. Yet formerly I never could bear to hurt a fly or a worm, and the sight of a bird in a cage used often to make me cry." They remained yet another day. When they had got into the Forest she turned to take a last look at the house. Once out of the town they followed the turnpike-road, which after a few miles plunged across an open plain. Though the sky was dense with cloud, a diffused light from some fragment of a moon had hitherto helped them a little. They had almost struck themselves against it. said Angel. Tess drew her breath fearfully, and Angel, perplexed, said--  "What can it be?" The couple advanced further into this pavilion of the night till they stood in its midst. "I don't want to go any further, Angel," she said, stretching out her hand for his. So now I am at home." "Angel, if anything happens to me, will you watch over 'Liza-Lu for my sake?" "She is so good and simple and pure. O, if you would!" And she is my sister-in-law." If you would train her and teach her, Angel, and bring her up for your own self! "Who to?" "I believe to the sun. I want to know." "O, Angel--I fear that means no!" Springing to his feet, he looked around for a weapon, loose stone, means of escape, anything. By this time the nearest man was upon him. "It is no use, sir," he said. "Let her finish her sleep!" When they saw where she lay, which they had not done till then, they showed no objection, and stood watching her, as still as the pillars around. she said, starting up. "They have come."
They moved on hand in hand, and never spoke a word, the drooping of their heads being that of Giotto's "Two Apostles". Upon the cornice of the tower a tall staff was fixed. A few minutes after the hour had struck something moved slowly up the staff, and extended itself upon the breeze. It was a black flag. "Justice" was done, and the President of the Immortals, in Aeschylean phrase, had ended his sport with Tess. As soon as they had strength, they arose, joined hands again, and went on.
"Good night, Sir John," said the parson. His own investigations had begun on a day in the preceding spring when, having been engaged in tracing the vicissitudes of the d'Urberville family, he had observed Durbeyfield's name on his waggon, and had thereupon been led to make inquiries about his father and grandfather till he had no doubt on the subject. You are extinct--as a county family." It is a fact of some interest to the local historian and genealogist, nothing more. This made a difference in the young man's estimate of the position. "Yes, Sir John." Tess Durbeyfield at this time of her life was a mere vessel of emotion untinctured by experience. They leant over the gate by the highway, and inquired as to the meaning of the dance and the white-frocked maids. Now, pick and choose." I felt inclined to sink into the ground with shame!" There, it is like this." "Ah, that's the secret," said Joan Durbeyfield sagely. "Hey--what's that?" "And my projick is to send Tess to claim kin." "Tess is queer." "But she's tractable at bottom. It was a local phrase which had a peculiar meaning, and there was no reply. Meanwhile Tess had hastily dressed herself; and the twain, lighting a lantern, went out to the stable. "Yes, Abraham." Our great relation? "A blighted one." In consternation Tess jumped down, and discovered the dreadful truth. The groan had proceeded from her father's poor horse Prince. "We can't go on with our load--Prince is killed!" Tess had gone back earlier. When the hole was ready, Durbeyfield and his wife tied a rope round the horse and dragged him up the path towards it, the children following in funeral train. "Is he gone to heaven?" asked Abraham, between the sobs. All except Tess.
Distress, if not penury, loomed in the distance. You must go to her and claim kin, and ask for some help in our trouble." "Very well said, Tess!" Every day seemed to throw upon her young shoulders more of the family burdens, and that Tess should be the representative of the Durbeyfields at the d'Urberville mansion came as a thing of course. "I thought we were an old family; but this is all new!" Poor relations?" "No; d'Urbervilles." Tess wished to abridge her visit as much as possible; but the young man was pressing, and she consented to accompany him. Tess went down the hill to Trantridge Cross, and inattentively waited to take her seat in the van returning from Chaseborough to Shaston. "He is a mighty handsome man!" Tess, the little rogue! "I wish I had seen Mrs d'Urberville," said Tess. I killed the old horse, and I suppose I ought to do something to get ye a new one. For such a pretty maid as 'tis, this is a fine chance!" Tess smiled crossly. "I hope it is a chance for earning money. "A cart?" Mrs Durbeyfield clapped her hands like a child. But by the time she had got back to the village she was passively trusting to the favour of accident. Joan Durbeyfield always managed to find consolation somewhere: "Well, as one of the genuine stock, she ought to make her way with 'en, if she plays her trump card aright. It is not me alone. A few minutes later the chimneys of The Slopes appeared in view, and in a snug nook to the right the poultry-farm and cottage of Tess' destination.
  The community of fowls to which Tess had been appointed as supervisor, purveyor, nurse, surgeon, and friend made its headquarters in an old thatched cottage standing in an enclosure that had once been a garden, but was now a trampled and sanded square. The house was overrun with ivy, its chimney being enlarged by the boughs of the parasite to the aspect of a ruined tower. She had come from the manor-house. "Blind!" said Tess. said Mrs d'Urberville, recognizing a new footstep. But he is hardly so lively to-day, is he? At the end of the ceremony Mrs d'Urberville abruptly asked Tess, wrinkling and twitching her face into undulations, "Can you whistle?" Tess could whistle like most other country-girls, though the accomplishment was one which she did not care to profess in genteel company. Thus the reception of Tess by her fancied kinswoman terminated, and the birds were taken back to their quarters. "Does she? said Tess, withdrawing towards the door. But he persisted in his demand, and at last, to get rid of him, she did put up her lips as directed for producing a clear note; laughing distressfully, however, and then blushing with vexation that she had laughed. "You'll find her so; she must be, to make you learn to whistle to her bullfinches. Once while Tess was at the window where the cages were ranged, giving her lesson as usual, she thought she heard a rustling behind the bed. For a long time Tess did not join in the weekly pilgrimages. "The maids don't think it respectable to dance at The Flower-de-Luce," he explained. "Now--a'most directly. This is all but the last jig." This surely would end it, thought Tess. Now, have a turn with me?" Yet she stuck to the party, for reasons above given. The laughter rang louder; they clung to the gate, to the posts, rested on their staves, in the weakness engendered by their convulsions at the spectacle of Car. she cried. She closed her fists and squared up at Tess. He bent over towards her. She begged him to slow the animal to a walk, which Alec accordingly did. Nevertheless, Alec did not object to that confession. "A wood--what wood? He sprang down on the other side. "The leaves have not got damp as yet. He took a few steps away from her, but, returning, said, "By the bye, Tess, your father has a new cob to-day. D'Urberville nodded. He touched her with his fingers, which sank into her as into down. "Tess!"
It was a Sunday morning in late October, about four months after Tess Durbeyfield's arrival at Trantridge, and some few weeks subsequent to the night ride in The Chase. But she had not, and she sat now, like a puppet, replying to his remarks in monosyllables. You know you need not work in the fields or the dairies again. Tess did not look after him, but slowly wound along the crooked lane. "No," said she; and taking her basket Tess trudged on. Her mother eyed her narrowly. Get Alec d'Urberville in the mind to marry her! "O mother, my mother!" Why didn't you tell me there was danger in men-folk? "Well, we must make the best of it, I suppose. 'Tis nater, after all, and what do please God!" Tess, who was reaching up to get the tea-things from the corner-cupboard, did not hear these commentaries. Her depression was then terrible, and she could have hidden herself in a tomb. Her flexuous and stealthy figure became an integral part of the scene. As soon as her lunch was spread she called up the big girl, her sister, and took the baby of her, who, glad to be relieved of the burden, went away to the next shock and joined the other children playing there. A resolution which had surprised herself had brought her into the fields this week for the first time during many months. When she reached home it was to learn to her grief that the baby had been suddenly taken ill since the afternoon. Her baby had not been baptized. Her darling was about to die, and no salvation. So the baby was carried in a small deal box, under an ancient woman's shawl, to the churchyard that night, and buried by lantern-light, at the cost of a shilling and a pint of beer to the sexton, in that shabby corner of God's allotment where He lets the nettles grow, and where all unbaptized infants, notorious drunkards, suicides, and others of the conjecturally damned are laid. Yet even now Tess felt the pulse of hopeful life still warm within her; she might be happy in some nook which had no memories. She waited a long time without finding opportunity for a new departure.
Having packed up her luggage so that it could be sent to her later, she started in a hired trap for the little town of Stourcastle, through which it was necessary to pass on her journey, now in a direction almost opposite to that of her first adventuring. While waiting, however, there came along a farmer in his spring cart, driving approximately in the direction that she wished to pursue. "Pooh--I have as much of mother as father in me!" she said. "All my prettiness comes from her, and she was only a dairymaid." "Oh no--it is nothing," said Tess. I don't want my cows going azew at this time o' year." "I'll begin milking now, to get my hand in," said Tess. "Not but what she do milk rather hard. The only movements were those of the milkers' hands up and down, and the swing of the cows' tails. "'Tis because there's a new hand come among us," said Jonathan Kail. Why do nott cows give less milk in a year than horned?" interposed the milkmaid, "Why do they?" Tess, who had given ear to this, thought the words were addressed to the dairyman, but she was wrong. That he was but a novice at dairy work she had realized in a moment, from the time he had spent upon the milking of one cow. "Mr Angel Clare--he that is learning milking, and that plays the harp--never says much to us. He is the dairyman's pupil--learning farming in all its branches. He was the youngest son of his father, a poor parson at the other end of the county, and had arrived at Talbothays Dairy as a six months' pupil, after going the round of some other farms, his object being to acquire a practical skill in the various processes of farming, with a view either to the Colonies or the tenure of a home-farm, as circumstances might decide. Some two or three years before Angel's appearance at the Marlott dance, on a day when he had left school and was pursuing his studies at home, a parcel came to the Vicarage from the local bookseller's, directed to the Reverend James Clare. He went home pale and dejected, and called Angel into his study. "How can I? Why--it is a system of philosophy. But religious!--and for YOU, who intend to be a minister of the Gospel!" his father repeated. As a balance to these austerities, when he went to live in London to see what the world was like, and with a view to practising a profession or business there, he was carried off his head, and nearly entrapped by a woman much older than himself, though luckily he escaped not greatly the worse for the experience. And is it so, maidy?" he said to himself. "You will always be here to milk them." "Come, Tess, tell me in confidence." He observed her dejection one day, when he had casually mentioned something to her about pastoral life in ancient Greece. There is no more spirit in me." "I shouldn't mind learning why--why the sun do shine on the just and the unjust alike," she answered, with a slight quaver in her voice. "Tess, fie for such bitterness!"
Whenever this happened the dairy was paralyzed. Dairyman Crick and his wife, the milkmaids Tess, Marian, Retty Priddle, Izz Huett, and the married ones from the cottages; also Mr Clare, Jonathan Kail, old Deborah, and the rest, stood gazing hopelessly at the churn; and the boy who kept the horse going outside put on moon-like eyes to show his sense of the situation. "Perhaps somebody in the house is in love," she said tentatively. "Jack Dollop, a 'hore's-bird of a fellow we had here as milker at one time, sir, courted a young woman over at Mellstock, and deceived her as he had deceived many afore. 'The villain--where is he?' Fortunately for her the milk in the revolving churn at that moment changed its squashing for a decided flick-flack. Retty Priddle still looked, and the others looked again. "And if I be in love wi'en, so is Retty, too; and so be you, Marian, come to that." "There he is again!" "Because he likes Tess Durbeyfield best," said Marian, lowering her voice. Then all the old hands remembered that a certain dry mead, into which a few of the cows had been admitted of late, had, in years gone by, spoilt the butter in the same way. The dairyman had not recognized the taste at that time, and thought the butter bewitched. "He's not going to church," said Marian. murmured Tess. He knew that the water had risen at that spot, and that it would quite check their progress. "It is the only way for you to get past. Nonsense--you are not too heavy! I'd carry you all four together. There was an understanding between them. "Not to me," said Angel. "Do you know that I have undergone three-quarters of this labour entirely for the sake of the fourth quarter?" "I did not expect such an event to-day." The girl's cheeks burned to the breeze, and she could not look into his eyes for her emotion. It reminded Angel that he was somewhat unfairly taking advantage of an accidental position; and he went no further with it. she declared to Retty that night in the bedroom (her tears running down). "We be friends with her again," she said to them. gasped Tess, starting. But he is sure to marry her." Amid the oozing fatness and warm ferments of the Froom Vale, at a season when the rush of juices could almost be heard below the hiss of fertilization, it was impossible that the most fanciful love should not grow passionate. The ready bosoms existing there were impregnated by their surroundings. Tess was taken completely by surprise, and she yielded to his embrace with unreflecting inevitableness.
A milkmaid's. Would not a farmer want a wife, and should a farmer's wife be a drawing-room wax-figure, or a woman who understood farming? Dared he to marry her? What would his mother and his brothers say? An overpowering reluctance to greet her made him decide that she had not seen him. His Diocesan Synod and Visitations were the mainsprings of the world to the one; Cambridge to the other. His father persisted in his conviction that a knowledge of a farmer's wife's duties came second to a Pauline view of humanity; and the impulsive Angel, wishing to honour his father's feelings and to advance the cause of his heart at the same time, grew specious. "Is she of a family such as you would care to marry into--a lady, in short?" But she IS a lady, nevertheless--in feeling and nature." "Mercy Chant is of a very good family." said Angel quickly. To neither Felix nor Cuthbert had he ventured to mention Tess. But it is odd to hear you express interest in old families. "But, Tess!" "But why?" I am not good enough--not worthy enough." Not fine lady enough?" And she held that what her conscience had decided for her when her mind was unbiassed ought not to be overruled now. Tess had never before known a time in which the thread of her life was so distinctly twisted of two strands, positive pleasure and positive pain. "Yes, and as a preliminary to a new entreaty." Clare was so pained and perplexed that he ran after and caught her in the passage. "I shall give way--I shall say yes--I shall let myself marry him--I cannot help it!" "Tess!" Tess knew that she must break down. "Call me Angel, then, and not Mr Clare." "Angel." "Angel dearest--why not?" It must go to station straight from here. The evening, though sunless, had been warm and muggy for the season, and Tess had come out with her milking-hood only, naked-armed and jacketless; certainly not dressed for a drive. "I am sorry for the rain," said he. she asked. He pressed her more closely to his side. And is that all the trouble, dear Tess?" "If it is SURE to make you happy to have me as your wife, and you feel that you do wish to marry me, VERY, VERY much--"  "I do, dearest, of course!" She clasped his neck, and for the first time Clare learnt what an impassioned woman's kisses were like upon the lips of one whom she loved with all her heart and soul, as Tess loved him. "I must write to my mother," she said.
  Tess wrote a most touching and urgent letter to her mother the very next day, and by the end of the week a response to her communication arrived in Joan Durbeyfield's wandering last-century hand. murmured Tess. Apart from that, my future is to be totally foreign to my family--it will not affect even the surface of their lives. "That is just what I feel. The reality of marriage was startling when it loomed so near. "He's going to marry her!" "Some day." Marian kissed Tess. "You are all better than I." "No, no, dear Tess!" "You are!" They decided to go immediately after the wedding, and remain for a fortnight, instead of journeying to towns and inns. "Then we will start off to examine some farms on the other side of London that I have heard of," he said, "and by March or April we will pay a visit to my father and mother." The thirty-first of December, New Year's Eve, was the date. But to know that things were in train was an immense relief to Tess notwithstanding, who had well-nigh feared that somebody would stand up and forbid the banns on the ground of her history. Clare's life at the dairy had been that of a recluse in respect the world of his own class. They went in the gig that day. It was Christmas Eve, with its loads a holly and mistletoe, and the town was very full of strangers who had come in from all parts of the country on account of the day. "True, comely enough. In the meantime the lovers were driving onward. Then, lest the flesh should again be weak, she crept upstairs without any shoes and slipped the note under his door. He met her at the bottom of the stairs and kissed her. But he said not a word to her about her revelation, even when they were alone. Could he have had it? The lovers did not rise at milking-time, having through the whole of this last week of their sojourn at the dairy been accorded something of the position of guests, Tess being honoured with a room of her own. I will confess mine at the same time." Her eyes could dwell upon details more clearly now, and Mr and Mrs Crick having directed their own gig to be sent for them, to leave the carriage to the young couple, she observed the build and character of that conveyance for the first time. A certain d'Urberville of the sixteenth or seventeenth century committed a dreadful crime in his family coach; and since that time members of the family see or hear the old coach whenever--But I'll tell you another day--it is rather gloomy. "Now, Tess!" "An afternoon crow!" said the dairyman. "Tell the man to drive on. The cock crew again. I've not heard his crow of an afternoon all the year afore." "What's the matter?" she answered with a smile. He looked up, and perceived two life-size portraits on panels built into the masonry. "Whose portraits are those?" Clare touched hers under the water. "I wonder where that luggage is. said Tess. And he turned from the fire to help her. "But the gown isn't right, Tess," said Clare. said Tess. Never. In the water he found her. It seems as if the maids had all gone out o' their minds!" "And Izz?" asked Tess. "Without the least cause," said Tess. This incident had turned the scale for her. "You have to confess something?" But wait a minute. Now then for it, wicked little one."
"Tess!" "O Tess, forgiveness does not apply to the case! You were one person; now you are another. "Angel, Angel! "Do you know what this is to me?" The horrible sense of his view of her so deadened her that she staggered, and he stepped forward, thinking she was going to fall. "Angel, am I too wicked for you and me to live together?" Decrepit families imply decrepit wills, decrepit conduct. The river is down there. Later on that night Clare also retraced his steps to the house. He reclined on his couch in the sitting-room, and extinguished the light. "Angel!" "Tess! "It is true." Angel then asked. "The baby died." "He is alive." "Is he in England?" "Indeed I cannot." "When?" "Where?" You must not dare to think of such a horrible thing! She broke into sobs, and turned her back to him. But Tess did not think of this; she took everything as her deserts, and hardly opened her mouth. Tess shrank into herself as if she had been struck. "I suppose--you are not going to live with me--long, are you, Angel?" "I can go home." Tess stole a glance at her husband. "Dead, dead, dead!" Thus he bore her off the premises in the direction of the river a few yards distant. Was he going to drown her? In this Clare carefully laid Tess. The night, though dry and mild for the season, was more than sufficiently cold to make it dangerous for him to remain here long, in his half-clothed state. They rested here a while, and entering the Vale were next driven onward towards her home by a stranger who did not know their relations. I will try to bring myself to endure it. But she could contest the point with him no further. "May I write to you?" He now handed her a packet containing a fairly good sum of money, which he had obtained from his bankers for the purpose. These things arranged, he walked with Tess back to the carriage, and handed her in. Her first thought was how would she be able to face her parents? "Marlott is Marlott still. Folks have died and that. "Going to be?" "What's the meaning o' that? "Mother!" burst out Mrs Durbeyfield, splashing Tess and herself in her agitation. The Lord-a-Lord!" Presently her father entered, apparently carrying in a live hen. He proposed that the couple should take Tess's own name, d'Urberville, as uncorrupted. said Sir John. A few days, accordingly, were all that she allowed herself here, at the end of which time she received a short note from Clare, informing her that he had gone to the North of England to look at a farm.
I have come home rather in a hurry because I've decided to go to Brazil." "Brazil! Why they are all Roman Catholics there surely!" "Are they? But this idea of Brazil is quite a recent one. for her price is far    above rubies. He went to his own chamber. His mother followed him, and tapped at his door. "About her? "She is spotless!" When his agitation had cooled he would be at moments incensed with his poor wife for causing a situation in which he was obliged to practise deception on his parents. On his way back he encountered Miss Mercy Chant by the church, from whose walls she seemed to be a sort of emanation. I think I am going crazy!" With the local banker he deposited the jewels till happier days should arise. "O Tess! Izz looked down. On Clare's return to his horse and gig, Izz jumped up beside him. "Going to Brazil." "She is not going at present--say for a year or so. he inquired. "And Marian?" "And you!" "Down to the ground!" "I am going to Brazil alone, Izz," said he. "You will? "More than Tess?" she said. Of the five-and-twenty pounds which had remained to her of Clare's allowance, after deducting the other half of the fifty as a contribution to her parents for the trouble and expense to which she had put them, she had as yet spent but little. When her money had almost gone a letter from her mother reached her. To return. She was now on her way to an upland farm in the centre of the county, to which she had been recommended by a wandering letter which had reached her from Marian. Into this Tess crept.
said the next man who met her to a companion. she said. she said. "I know it, Marian." Marian paused. 'Tis a starve-acre place. Corn and swedes are all they grow. The farmer himself, it appeared, was not at home, but his wife, who represented him this evening, made no objection to hiring Tess, on her agreeing to remain till Old Lady-Day. The single fat thing on the soil was Marian herself; and she was an importation. But Tess set to work. In the afternoon the rain came on again, and Marian said that they need not work any more. "I'll write to Izz Huett," she said. It came on in stealthy and measured glides, like the moves of a chess-player. In addition to Tess, Marian, and Izz, there were two women from a neighbouring village; two Amazonian sisters, whom Tess with a start remembered as Dark Car, the Queen of Spades, and her junior, the Queen of Diamonds--those who had tried to fight with her in the midnight quarrel at Trantridge. Presently they heard the muffled tread of a horse, and the farmer rode up to the barndoor. When he had dismounted he came close to Tess, and remained looking musingly at the side of her face. But we'll see which is master here. And I thought it made no difference to you as it is task work, and we are only paid for what we do." pleaded Tess. cried Marian. Tess urged Izz to leave off, agreeing, as she felt better, to finish the day without her, and make equal division of the number of sheaves. she said in a dreamy tone. But this about Izz is too bad!" "Well, yes. He wanted her to go off to Brazil with him." But that sense of her having morally no claim upon him had always led Tess to suspend her impulse to send these notes; and to the family at the Vicarage, therefore, as to her own parents since her marriage, she was virtually non-existent. Was it for her to make some advance? To leave the farm on a week-day was not in her power; Sunday was the only possible opportunity. poor Angel, poor Angel! At last they outsped her altogether, and passed her by. Cuthbert Clare, who had been the one to find them, picked them up for her with the crook of his stick; and Tess's boots were appropriated. "It is nothing--it is nothing!" What comes in the regular way over the pulpit is hot enough for I."
"Tess!" he said. "Tess!" "Your conversion. said Tess. Within the distance of a mile she met a solitary shepherd. "You will not marry me, Tess, and make me a self-respecting man?" he exclaimed; and he stopped dead and gazed at her. "That man!" "Who, then?" He moodily reflected with his eyes on the ground. From YOU? "He does not leave me to work!" "Don't speak like that to her!" "Who is the fellow?" asked d'Urberville, turning to Tess. "Well--you are better off to-day that I am, Tess, after all! He laid his hand on her shoulder. said Tess, recoiling. "Treat him honourably--he has never wronged you! to keep away." Alec! It is the threshing of the last wheat-rick at Flintcomb-Ash farm. "Well--this is the same man." Then I'll tell her," said Marian. But to speak seriously, Tess." Your husband little thought how his teaching would recoil upon him! She hardly knew where she was, and did not hear Izz Huett tell her from below that her hair was tumbling down. She shook her head and toiled on. Let me    come at once, or at once come to me! It was purely for security that she had been requested by Angel to send her communications through his father, whom he kept pretty well informed of his changing addresses in the country he had gone to exploit for himself with a heavy heart. "Now," said old Mr Clare to his wife, when he had read the envelope, "if Angel proposes leaving Rio for a visit home at the end of next month, as he told us that he hoped to do, I think this may hasten his plans; for I believe it to be from his wife." He breathed deeply at the thought of her; and the letter was redirected to be promptly sent on to Angel. You should have sent him to Cambridge in spite of his want of faith and given him the same chance as the other boys had. His experiences of this strange land had been sad. How, then, about Tess? Despite her not-inviolate past, what still abode in such a woman as Tess outvalued the freshness of her fellows. She was at her lodging as usual one evening, sitting in the downstairs room with the rest of the family, when somebody knocked at the door and inquired for Tess.
The winding road downwards became just visible to her under the wan starlight as she followed it, and soon she paced a soil so contrasting with that above it that the difference was perceptible to the tread and to the smell. It was now the season for planting and sowing; many gardens and allotments of the villagers had already received their spring tillage; but the garden and the allotment of the Durbeyfields were behindhand. Nobody looked at his or her companions. Tess did not speak to her fellow-worker, nor did he speak to her. What, did you come digging here entirely because of me?" "I am not going to see a woman whom I feel so tenderly for as I do for you in trouble without trying to help her." "He don't. 'Liza-Lu is a-crying, and there's a lot of folk in the house, and mother is a good deal better, but they think father is dead!" It has to do with a murder, committed by one of the family, centuries ago." "Where are you going to?" "Kingsbere. "But we have already taken the rooms at Kingsbere!" Tess shook her head. They all became silent; with the impressibility of their age they were ready to burst into tears at the picture of finality she had conjured up, though all the day hitherto they had been rejoicing in the idea of a new place. Tess turned from them, and went to the window again. But to Tess and her mother's household no such anxious farmer sent his team. Tess and the next eldest girl walked alongside till they were out of the village. Tess went towards the waggon. "Marian and Izz!" she cried to the girls, for it was they, sitting with the moving family at whose house they had lodged. "Are you house-ridding to-day, like everybody else?" Tess murmured. While the horses stood to stale and breathe themselves Tess looked around. The man had noticed the face of Tess, which had become ash-pale at his intelligence. said Tess's mother, as she returned from a reconnoitre of the church and graveyard. Now, Tess and 'Liza and Abraham, you help me. "Where is Tess?" "That shook them a bit, I'll warrant!" "'Tisn't as though she had never known him afore," said Marian.
"Has any letter come for me lately?" said his mother. He soon retired to bed; and the next morning, feeling exceedingly unwell, he remained in his room pondering. Clare therefore thought it would be best to prepare Tess and her family by sending a line to Marlott announcing his return, and his hope that she was still living with them there, as he had arranged for her to do when he left England. J do not feel at liberty to tell you Where she is    temperly biding. Then he hunted up the old letter sent on to him in Brazil, which Tess had written from Flintcomb-Ash, and re-read it. He asked his father if she had applied for any money during his absence. She had told him she was not now at Marlott, but had been curiously reticent as to her actual address, and the only course was to go to Marlott and inquire for it. He found that the statement was true, and paid the bill. "I want to see her at once," he added. "Do you know if she is well?" "Well, she is not there now." "He has married her," Joan whispered. At eleven o'clock that night, having secured a bed at one of the hotels and telegraphed his address to his father immediately on his arrival, he walked out into the streets of Sandbourne. At the door he met an intelligent postman coming out with letters for the morning delivery. asked Angel. "What place is The Herons?" "A stylish lodging-house. Clare received directions how to find the house, and hastened thither, arriving with the milkman. However, in his doubts he turned to the front, and rang. Clare inquired for Teresa d'Urberville or Durbeyfield. "Angel." "Mr Angel?" "No; Angel. It is my Christian name. "Tess!" "Too late, too late!" "Don't come close to me, Angel! Keep away." "He has won me back to him." But he could not get on. Then the door of the room above was shut, and Mrs Brooks knew that Tess had re-entered her apartment. The landlady looked through the keyhole. It was from her lips that came the murmur of unspeakable despair. Now he is gone. In reflecting she leant back in her chair. She asked the man to go through the folding-doors into the adjoining room.
  Meanwhile Angel Clare had walked automatically along the way by which he had come, and, entering his hotel, sat down over the breakfast, staring at nothingness. At the moment of his departure a telegram was handed to him--a few words from his mother, stating that they were glad to know his address, and informing him that his brother Cuthbert had proposed to and been accepted by Mercy Chant. Broken in heart and numbed, he had nothing to hurry for; but he wished to get out of a town which had been the scene of such an experience, and turned to walk to the first station onward, and let the train pick him up there. He saw that for him to be otherwise was not, in her mind, within the region of the possible. "It is Bramshurst Court. You can see that it is shut up, and grass is growing on the drive." "Some of the windows are open," said Tess. "You are getting tired, my Tess!" They heard her close the windows, fasten them, lock the door, and go away. In the night the dull sky cleared, and the result was that the old caretaker at the cottage awoke early. Not more than a minute had elapsed after her withdrawal when Tess woke, and then Clare. "It is a fine day. When they had got into the Forest she turned to take a last look at the house. When we are in the north we will get to a port and away." said Angel. And she is my sister-in-law." "Who to?" "I believe to the sun. "What is it, Angel?" "They have come." Yet it was with this blot, and not with the beauty, that the two gazers were concerned. It was a black flag. As soon as they had strength, they arose, joined hands again, and went on.
Presently he was met by an elderly parson astride on a gray mare, who, as he rode, hummed a wandering tune. "Good night, Sir John," said the parson. Don't you really know, Durbeyfield, that you are the lineal representative of the ancient and knightly family of the d'Urbervilles, who derive their descent from Sir Pagan d'Urberville, that renowned knight who came from Normandy with William the Conqueror, as appears by Battle Abbey Roll?" You are extinct--as a county family." "No, thank you--not this evening, Durbeyfield. The latter, on seeing him, held up his hand, and the lad quickened his pace and came near. "Yes, Sir John. "To be sure--I'd quite forgot it in my thoughts of greater things!
In addition to the distinction of a white frock, every woman and girl carried in her right hand a peeled willow wand, and in her left a bunch of white flowers. "This is a thousand pities," he said gallantly, to two or three of the girls nearest him, as soon as there was a pause in the dance. As he fell out of the dance his eyes lighted on Tess Durbeyfield, whose own large orbs wore, to tell the truth, the faintest aspect of reproach that he had not chosen her.
  As for Tess Durbeyfield, she did not so easily dislodge the incident from her consideration. She might have stayed even later, but the incident of her father's odd appearance and manner returned upon the girl's mind to make her anxious, and wondering what had become of him she dropped away from the dancers and bent her steps towards the end of the village at which the parental cottage lay. Tess asked. "I'm glad of that. "Where is father now?" It is fat round his heart, 'a says. Tess looked alarmed. "But where IS father?" Her mother put on a deprecating look. Go to a public-house to get up his strength! "I'll go." "And take the _Compleat Fortune-Teller_ to the outhouse," Joan continued, rapidly wiping her hands, and donning the garments. Tess took it up, and her mother started. "Abraham," she said to her little brother, "do you put on your hat--you bain't afraid?--and go up to Rolliver's, and see what has gone wi' father and mother."
Mrs Durbeyfield was welcomed with glances and nods by the remainder of the conclave, and turned to where her husband sat. She repeated the information. "And my projick is to send Tess to claim kin." "I've not asked her. "Tess is queer." Leave her to me." "Don't you be so sure o' that. "Tess!" "Yes, Abraham." "I heard 'em talking about it up at Rolliver's when I went to find father. His sister became abruptly still, and lapsed into a pondering silence. If Tess were made rich by marrying a gentleman, would she have money enough to buy a spyglass so large that it would draw the stars as near to her as Nettlecombe-Tout? "Is it like that REALLY, Tess?" Left to his reflections Abraham soon grew drowsy. The harness was entangled with an object which blocked the way. It is getting daylight, and you have nothing to fear." "We can't go on with our load--Prince is killed!" she went on to herself. He was harnessed to the waggon of beehives in the place of Prince, and the load taken on towards Casterbridge. He worked harder the next day in digging a grave for Prince in the garden than he had worked for months to grow a crop for his family.
"I shouldn't care to do that," says Tess. "If you say she ought to go, she will go." Every day seemed to throw upon her young shoulders more of the family burdens, and that Tess should be the representative of the Durbeyfields at the d'Urberville mansion came as a thing of course. she said, in her artlessness. "I am afraid you cannot see her--she is an invalid," replied the present representative of the spurious house; for this was Mr Alec, the only son of the lately deceased gentleman. What is the business you wish to see her about?" But it is so worn that mother uses it to stir the pea-soup." When she could consume no more of the strawberries he filled her little basket with them; and then the two passed round to the rose-trees, whence he gathered blossoms and gave her to put in her bosom. "Tess Durbeyfield, down at Marlott."
She blushed, and said confusedly that the flowers had been given to her. When she entered the house she perceived in a moment from her mother's triumphant manner that something had occurred in the interim. What has?" "I've had a letter." "Who wrote the letter? "Mrs d'Urberville wrote it. Here it is." Tess looked out of the window. He is very much interested in 'ee--truth to tell." "As the head of the family, the rest ought to come to me." she asked. "Tess won't go-o-o and be made a la-a-dy of!--no, she says she wo-o-on't!" "And we shan't have a nice new horse, and lots o' golden money to buy fairlings! For such a pretty maid as 'tis, this is a fine chance!" Mrs d'Urberville's handwriting seemed rather masculine. "A cart?"
  On the morning appointed for her departure Tess was awake before dawn--at the marginal minute of the dark when the grove is still mute, save for one prophetic bird who sings with a clear-voiced conviction that he at least knows the correct time of day, the rest preserving silence as if equally convinced that he is mistaken. Her mother expostulated. said Tess. But I think it will be wiser of 'ee to put your best side outward," she added. Then she put upon her the white frock that Tess had worn at the club-walking, the airy fulness of which, supplementing her enlarged _coiffure_, imparted to her developing figure an amplitude which belied her age, and might cause her to be estimated as a woman when she was not much more than a child. said Tess. she cried. After this she went downstairs to her husband, who was sitting in the lower room. She is such an odd maid that it mid zet her against him, or against going there, even now. Seeing their mother put on her bonnet, the younger children clamoured to go with her. Dammy, family honour is family honour, and I won't take a penny less!" Tess's eyes were too full and her voice too choked to utter the sentiments that were in her. "Bide here a bit, and the cart will soon come, no doubt," said Mrs Durbeyfield.
She began to get uneasy at a certain recklessness in her conductor's driving. she said with attempted unconcern. Tib has to be considered, and she has a very queer temper." "Don't try to frighten me, sir," said Tess stiffly. said she, her face on fire. said Tess. "Unless, that is, you agree willingly to let me do it again, and no handkerchief." She sighed. "You look prettier with it off, upon my soul, if that's possible," he said, contemplating her over the back of the vehicle. Besides, the cart is behind." Then d'Urberville cursed and swore at her, and called her everything he could think of for the trick.
"Blind!" said Tess. said Mrs d'Urberville, recognizing a new footstep. Ah, this is Strut! Her touch enabled her to recognize them in a moment, and to discover if a single feather were crippled or draggled. I want you to whistle to my bullfinches; as I cannot see them, I like to hear them, and we teach 'em airs that way. How selfish of her! "But she wants me particularly to do it, and to be ready by to-morrow morning." said Tess, withdrawing towards the door. He encouraged her with "Try again!" "You'll find her so; she must be, to make you learn to whistle to her bullfinches.
For a long time Tess did not join in the weekly pilgrimages. She went again and again. This had gone on for a month or two when there came a Saturday in September, on which a fair and a market coincided; and the pilgrims from Trantridge sought double delights at the inns on that account. Her limited marketing was soon completed; and then as usual she began to look about for some of the Trantridge cottagers. asked Tess with some anxiety. He beckoned to her, and she reluctantly retreated towards him. She was so tired after her long day and her walk that she confided her trouble to him--that she had been waiting ever since he saw her to have their company home, because the road at night was strange to her. Tess, though flattered, had never quite got over her original mistrust of him, and, despite their tardiness, she preferred to walk home with the work-folk. said one of the group suddenly. she cried. "I couldn't really help it when t'others did," apologized Tess, still tittering.
"Neatly done, was it not, dear Tess?" he said by and by. Nevertheless, Alec did not object to that confession. In his ticklish position he nearly lost his balance and only just avoided rolling over into the road, the horse, though a powerful one, being fortunately the quietest he rode. he said. Good God!" he burst out, "what am I, to be repulsed so by a mere chit like you? Mayn't I treat you as a lover?" she exclaimed. "Never mind that," she coaxed. He sprang down on the other side. Somebody gave it to him." she exclaimed, with a painful sense of the awkwardness of having to thank him just then. She passively sat down amid the leaves he had heaped, and shivered slightly. he asked. He touched her with his fingers, which sank into her as into down. A little rest for the jaded animal being desirable, he did not hasten his search for landmarks. "Tess!" She was sleeping soundly, and upon her eyelashes there lingered tears.
It was a Sunday morning in late October, about four months after Tess Durbeyfield's arrival at Trantridge, and some few weeks subsequent to the night ride in The Chase. She obeyed the signal to wait for him with unspeculative repose, and in a few minutes man and horse stopped beside her. Just look at the mare. She had no fear of him now, and in the cause of her confidence her sorrow lay. "You didn't come for love of me, that I'll swear." She bowed to him slightly, her eye just lingering in his; and then she turned to take the parcels for departure. "Never, never! He asked in a business-like manner if he should take her basket, which she permitted him to do, walking beside him. "When most people are at rest from their week's work." "I think they are horrible," said Tess. "No," said she; and taking her basket Tess trudged on. A plume of smoke soared up suddenly from her father's chimney, the sight of which made her heart ache. "Well!--my dear Tess!" "Then for a holiday?" Her mother eyed her narrowly. reiterated her mother. Get Alec d'Urberville in the mind to marry her! He marry HER!
In place of the excitement of her return, and the interest it had inspired, she saw before her a long and stony highway which she had to tread, without aid, and with little sympathy. She knew what their whispers were about, grew sick at heart, and felt that she could come to church no more. Walking among the sleeping birds in the hedges, watching the skipping rabbits on a moonlit warren, or standing under a pheasant-laden bough, she looked upon herself as a figure of Guilt intruding into the haunts of Innocence.
After a long seclusion she had come to a resolve to undertake outdoor work in her native village, the busiest season of the year in the agricultural world having arrived, and nothing that she could do within the house being so remunerative for the time as harvesting in the fields. Tess Durbeyfield had been one of the last to suspend her labours. But she did not accept his offer. When she reached home it was to learn to her grief that the baby had been suddenly taken ill since the afternoon. Her baby had not been baptized. Her darling was about to die, and no salvation. she cried. Tess then stood erect with the infant on her arm beside the basin; the next sister held the Prayer-Book open before her, as the clerk at church held it before the parson; and thus the girl set about baptizing her child. Tess, who mused on the christening a good deal, wondered if it were doctrinally sufficient to secure a Christian burial for the child. asked Tess, rather warmly.
She remained at her father's house during the winter months, plucking fowls, or cramming turkeys and geese, or making clothes for her sisters and brothers out of some finery which d'Urberville had given her, and she had put by with contempt. But it became evident to her that she could never be really comfortable again in a place which had seen the collapse of her family's attempt to "claim kin"--and, through her, even closer union--with the rich d'Urbervilles. She waited a long time without finding opportunity for a new departure. She would be the dairymaid Tess, and nothing more.
This leaving of the younger children she had decided to be for the best; were she to remain they would probably gain less good by her precepts than harm by her example. she said. And thus her spirits, and her thankfulness, and her hopes, rose higher and higher. It was not the expression of the valley's consciousness that beautiful Tess had arrived, but the ordinary announcement of milking-time--half-past four o'clock, when the dairymen set about getting in the cows. When Tess had changed her bonnet for a hood, and was really on her stool under the cow, and the milk was squirting from her fists into the pail, she appeared to feel that she really had laid a new foundation for her future.
This lady had somewhat unexpectedly brought him three sons, so that between Angel, the youngest, and his father the Vicar there seemed to be almost a missing generation. Mr Clare winced as if he had been struck. Why--it is a system of philosophy. And if Angel were not going to enter the Church, what was the use of sending him to Cambridge? "I will do without Cambridge," said Angel at last. As a balance to these austerities, when he went to live in London to see what the world was like, and with a view to practising a profession or business there, he was carried off his head, and nearly entrapped by a woman much older than himself, though luckily he escaped not greatly the worse for the experience. Farming, either in the Colonies, America, or at home--farming, at any rate, after becoming well qualified for the business by a careful apprenticeship--that was a vocation which would probably afford an independence without the sacrifice of what he valued even more than a competency--intellectual liberty. At first he lived up above entirely, reading a good deal, and strumming upon an old harp which he had bought at a sale, saying when in a bitter humour that he might have to get his living by it in the streets some day. The longer Clare resided here the less objection had he to his company, and the more did he like to share quarters with them in common. Unexpectedly he began to like the outdoor life for its own sake, and for what it brought, apart from its bearing on his own proposed career. I suppose it is the new one." She was not looking towards him. And is it so, maidy?" he said. Clare continued to observe her. "What a fresh and virginal daughter of Nature that milkmaid is!"
"Mr Clare, you have ranged the cows!" Her misgiving was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone, to continue her regrets that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. The soundlessness impressed her as a positive entity rather than as the mere negation of noise. "No." "Life in general?" He was surprised to find this young woman--who though but a milkmaid had just that touch of rarity about her which might make her the envied of her housemates--shaping such sad imaginings. At times, nevertheless, it did seem unaccountable to her that a decidedly bookish, musical, thinking young man should have chosen deliberately to be a farmer, and not a clergyman, like his father and brothers. "Never mind about the lords and ladies. "Why not?" "What, really, then, you don't want to learn anything?" "Tess, fie for such bitterness!" How stupid he must think her! he says to her, 'you'll never make a good dairymaid! he can't stomach old families!"
  The season developed and matured. Tess and Clare unconsciously studied each other, ever balanced on the edge of a passion, yet apparently keeping out of it. She was no longer the milkmaid, but a visionary essence of woman--a whole sex condensed into one typical form. He called her Artemis, Demeter, and other fanciful names half teasingly, which she did not like because she did not understand them. "Call me Tess," she would say askance; and he did.
"But he's rotten as touchwood by now." "Perhaps somebody in the house is in love," she said tentatively. let me out!' And on went the churn, and Jack's bones rattled round again. Fortunately for her the milk in the revolving churn at that moment changed its squashing for a decided flick-flack. Tess usually accompanied her fellows upstairs. For that matter she knew herself to have the preference.
He had received a letter, in which a customer had complained that the butter had a twang. Several of them gathered round him; and Mr Clare tasted, Tess tasted, also the other indoor milkmaids, one or two of the milking-men, and last of all Mrs Crick, who came out from the waiting breakfast-table. Then all the old hands remembered that a certain dry mead, into which a few of the cows had been admitted of late, had, in years gone by, spoilt the butter in the same way. Angel Clare, who communistically stuck to his rule of taking part with the rest in everything, glanced up now and then. Mr Clare also stepped out of line, and began privateering about for the weed. she said. "Izzy Huett and Retty." "She is colouring up," continued Tess heroically. Why it that?"
She had now been two months at Talbothays, and this was her first excursion. murmured Tess. He knew that the water had risen at that spot, and that it would quite check their progress. Hold on. "Fie--it is Scripture, Izz!" He went up to the red-haired girl, and while he was seizing her he glanced at Tess. It was now her turn. "Three Leahs to get one Rachel," he whispered. "Not to me," said Angel. However, he walked slowly, to make the remainder of the distance as long as possible; but at last they came to the bend, and the rest of their progress was in full view of the other three. He would have kissed 'ee, if you had encouraged him to do it, ever so little." "I will never stand in your way, nor in the way of either of you!" "We be friends with her again," she said to them. "Some lady looked out for him?" "O yes--'tis whispered; a young lady of his own rank, chosen by his family; a Doctor of Divinity's daughter near his father's parish of Emminster; he don't much care for her, they say. But he is sure to marry her." she murmured.
A milkmaid's. He was driven towards her by every heave of his pulse. Notwithstanding the pleasing answer returned to him by the silence, he resolved to go his journey. "Mr Clare has gone hwome to Emminster to spend a few days wi' his kinsfolk." "And even that may be altered a bit. Dared he to marry her? What would his mother and his brothers say? He had simply preached austerely at Angel for some time after. On their part they saw a great difference in him, a growing divergence from the Angel Clare of former times. It was chiefly a difference in his manner that they noticed just now, particularly his brothers. Felix seemed to him all Church; Cuthbert all College. said Angel. "A what?"
When the service was over they went out of the room with their mother, and Mr Clare and himself were left alone. His father then told him that, as he had not been put to the expense of sending Angel up to Cambridge, he had felt it his duty to set by a sum of money every year towards the purchase or lease of land for him some day, that he might not feel himself unduly slighted. "Yes; a farmer's wife; yes, certainly. He said that fate or Providence had thrown in his way a woman who possessed every qualification to be the helpmate of an agriculturist, and was decidedly of a serious turn of mind. "Mercy Chant is of a very good family." "Mercy is accomplished. And accomplishments have their charm," returned his mother, looking at him through her silver spectacles. It was the morning of his departure. His brothers had already left the Vicarage to proceed on a walking tour in the north, whence one was to return to his college, and the other to his curacy. asked his son. But it is odd to hear you express interest in old families. The young man much resented this directness of attack, and in the war of words which followed when they met he did not scruple publicly to insult Mr Clare, without respect for his gray hairs. "No, he did not. "May this young man do the same!" "We'll hope, nevertheless," said Mr Clare. "And I continue to pray for him, though on this side of the grave we shall probably never meet again. Indeed, despite his own heterodoxy, Angel often felt that he was nearer to his father on the human side than was either of his brethren.
Not a human being was out of doors at the dairy. The brim-fulness of her nature breathed from her. Will you be that woman, Tessy?" He put it that way that she might not think he had yielded to an impulse of which his head would disapprove. The sound of her own decision seemed to break Tess's very heart, and she bowed her face in her grief. "But, Tess!" she echoed. "If you will let it pass, please, Tessy, I will give you time," he said. I'll not allude to it again for a while." she said, turning away from him. "It is often a great sorrow to me." As Tess withdrew to go afield to the cows he said to her softly--  "And my question, Tessy?"
On no account could she agree to a step which might afterwards cause bitter rueing to her husband for his blindness in wedding her. And she held that what her conscience had decided for her when her mind was unbiassed ought not to be overruled now. "I will, I will tell you!" "Say on Sunday?" she jealously panted, with her hot face to the pillow that night, on hearing one of the other girls sigh his name in her sleep. "I can't bear to let anybody have him but me! Yet it is a wrong to him, and may kill him when he knows!
Every now and then Angel would fling the lash of his whip round one of these, pluck it off, and give it to his companion. But that spectacle did not affect her preoccupation. Tess held it from slipping off him as well as herself, Clare's hands being occupied. "That," he observed, to entertain her, "is an interesting old place--one of the several seats which belonged to an ancient Norman family formerly of great influence in this county, the d'Urbervilles. she asked. When its strength has been lowered, so that it may not get up into their heads." He pressed her more closely to his side. "Yes," she answered faintly. "I was told by the dairyman that you hated old families." She had not told. She was agitated. You will be mine for ever and ever." He clasped her close and kissed her. "Will this prove it more?" You are a child to me, Tess, not to know how very proper it is to write to your mother at such a time, and how wrong it would be in me to object. Where does she live?" "Ah, then I HAVE seen you before this summer--"  "Yes; at that dance on the green; but you would not dance with me.
  Tess wrote a most touching and urgent letter to her mother the very next day, and by the end of the week a response to her communication arrived in Joan Durbeyfield's wandering last-century hand. murmured Tess. To her sublime trustfulness he was all that goodness could be--knew all that a guide, philosopher, and friend should know. she burst out, jumping up from her low stool as though appalled at his homage, and the fulness of her own joy thereat. She struggled with the sob in her throat. "That is just what I feel. When she came back she was herself again. "But--"  He drew her gently nearer to him. Before discussion of the question had proceeded further there walked round the corner of the settle into the full firelight of the apartment Mr Dairyman Crick, Mrs Crick, and two of the milkmaids. she cried, with vexation. I've thought you mid do such a thing for some time. Somehow Tess disappeared. Marian kissed Tess. "Are you sure you don't dislike me for it?" said Tess in a low voice. They hung about her in their white nightgowns before replying, as if they considered their answer might lie in her look.
In the presence of these things he would remind her that the date was still the question. "Did Crick speak to you to-day, dear, about his not wanting much assistance during the winter months?" he said. We will not trifle--life is too serious." But she wrote anew to her mother, ostensibly to notify the wedding-day; really to again implore her advice. But this communication brought no reply from Mrs Durbeyfield. Despite Angel Clare's plausible representation to himself and to Tess of the practical need for their immediate marriage, there was in truth an element of precipitancy in the step, as became apparent at a later date. They decided to go immediately after the wedding, and remain for a fortnight, instead of journeying to towns and inns.
  Angel felt that he would like to spend a day with her before the wedding, somewhere away from the dairy, as a last jaunt in her company while there were yet mere lover and mistress; a romantic day, in circumstances that would never be repeated; with that other and greater day beaming close ahead of them. During the preceding week, therefore, he suggested making a few purchases in the nearest town, and they started together. "No, my love. They parted tenderly that night on the landing, and Clare ascended to his attic. Declare the past to him by word of mouth she could not; but there was another way. She descended. She glanced into his room, and could see nothing of it. The carpet reached close to the sill, and under the edge of the carpet she discerned the faint white margin of the envelope containing her letter to him, which he obviously had never seen, owing to her having in her haste thrust it beneath the carpet as well as beneath the door. With a feeling of faintness she withdrew the letter. She could not let him read it now, the house being in full bustle of preparation; and descending to her own room she destroyed the letter there. "We shall have plenty of time, hereafter, I hope, to talk over our failings. It is very odd--I must have seen it in a dream." "Now, Tess!" He silenced her by a kiss. said Tess to her husband. "Tell the man to drive on.
  They drove by the level road along the valley to a distance of a few miles, and, reaching Wellbridge, turned away from the village to the left, and over the great Elizabethan bridge which gives the place half its name. He looked up, and perceived two life-size portraits on panels built into the masonry. "They are very much mixed." Such was their childishness, or rather his, that he found it interesting to use the same bread-and-butter plate as herself, and to brush crumbs from her lips with his own. It soon began to rain. The woman who had attended upon them had gone home for the night, but she had placed candles upon the table, and now they lit them. "I wonder where that luggage is. He returned to the room with a small package in his hand. "It is not Jonathan, after all," he said. said Tess. It was less than a foot long, sewed up in canvas, sealed in red wax with his father's seal, and directed in his father's hand to "Mrs Angel Clare." Inside was a case of morocco leather, on the top of which lay a note and a key. And he turned from the fire to help her. said Tess. She had something to tell, and there might be help in these. "I am very glad to see them. "Dear me;--what--"  "Well, some says it do mane one thing, and some another; but what's happened is that poor little Retty Priddle hev tried to drown herself." "And Izz?" asked Tess. "Without the least cause," said Tess. "While they who have cause to be, hide it, and pretend they are not." I want to make a confession to you, Love." Though I imagine my poor father fears that I am one of the eternally lost for my doctrines, I am of course, a believer in good morals, Tess, as much as you. He then told her of that time of his life to which allusion has been made when, tossed about by doubts and difficulties in London, like a cork on the waves, he plunged into eight-and-forty hours' dissipation with a stranger. Do you forgive me?" She pressed his hand tightly for an answer. "Ah, to be sure! "No, it cannot be more serious, certainly," she cried, "because 'tis just the same! She sat down again. She bent forward, at which each diamond on her neck gave a sinister wink like a toad's; and pressing her forehead against his temple she entered on her story of her acquaintance with Alec d'Urberville and its results, murmuring the words without flinching, and with her eyelids drooping down.
"Tess!" "Am I to believe this? He turned away, and bent over a chair. _I_ forgive YOU, Angel." "O Tess, forgiveness does not apply to the case! she shrieked. "Angel, Angel! He shook his head. "But who?" He looked upon her as a species of imposter; a guilty woman in the guise of an innocent one. she asked helplessly. "I will obey you like your wretched slave, even if it is to lie down and die." I will walk out a little way." "I do forgive you, but forgiveness is not all." "And love me?" "Don't, Tess; don't argue. "So much the worse for you. They wandered on again in silence. The river is down there. Please oblige me by returning to the house, and going to bed." He argued erroneously when he said to himself that her heart was not indexed in the honest freshness of her face; but Tess had no advocate to set him right. He reclined on his couch in the sitting-room, and extinguished the light.
He opened the front door, and took a few steps in the morning air. He spoke gently to her, and she replied with a like undemonstrativeness. "Angel!" "Tess! Say it is not true! No, it is not true!" "But the man?" "He is alive." Tess felt his position so entirely that the remainder had not been needed. "What--you cannot?" However, to do it with my own hand is too good for me, after all. The firmness of her devotion to him was indeed almost pitiful; quick-tempered as she naturally was, nothing that he could say made her unseemly; she sought not her own; was not provoked; thought no evil of his treatment of her. "I suppose--you are not going to live with me--long, are you, Angel?" "And you would like to go home?" "I don't complain, Angel, I--I think it best. I will go--to-morrow."
dead! After fixedly regarding her for some moments with the same gaze of unmeasurable woe, he bent lower, enclosed her in his arms, and rolled her in the sheet as in a shroud. Was he going to drown her? Tess sat up in the coffin. Tess's feet were quite bare, and the stones hurt her, and chilled her to the bone; but Clare was in his woollen stockings, and appeared to feel no discomfort. Then Mrs Crick emerged from the house, and several others of their old acquaintance, though Marian and Retty did not seem to be there. In the tacit agreement of husband and wife to keep their estrangement a secret they behaved as would have been ordinary. "Until you come to me I must not try to come to you?" He now handed her a packet containing a fairly good sum of money, which he had obtained from his bankers for the purpose. These things arranged, he walked with Tess back to the carriage, and handed her in.
Her first thought was how would she be able to face her parents? Folks have died and that. She did not reach the house unobserved. "Going to be?" "Mother!" she gasped through her sobs. He hoped she would remove that prohibition soon. But she can make him keep her if he's married her?" And if her father doubted her a little, would not neighbours and acquaintance doubt her much? O, she could not live long at home! Still further to screen her husband from any imputation of unkindness to her, she took twenty-five of the fifty pounds Clare had given her, and handed the sum over to her mother, as if the wife of a man like Angel Clare could well afford it, saying that it was a slight return for the trouble and humiliation she had brought upon them in years past.
  It was three weeks after the marriage that Clare found himself descending the hill which led to the well-known parsonage of his father. With this view he was returning to Emminster to disclose his plan to his parents, and to make the best explanation he could make of arriving without Tess, short of revealing what had actually separated them. "But--where's your wife, dear Angel?" I have come home rather in a hurry because I've decided to go to Brazil." "Brazil! Why they are all Roman Catholics there surely!" "Are they? "And I shall not see her before you start?" He would have to visit home in the course of a year, if he went out at once; and it would be possible for them to see her before he started a second time--with her. "Of that there can be no question!" "About her?
On his way back he encountered Miss Mercy Chant by the church, from whose walls she seemed to be a sort of emanation. "Well?" "O Tess! he mourned. Izz looked down. On Clare's return to his horse and gig, Izz jumped up beside him. she asked. "And you!" "Down to the ground!" "I am going to Brazil alone, Izz," said he. And you at least love me disinterestedly." "You will? "How's that?" He could soon come back to her. He took the train that night for London, and five days after shook hands in farewell of his brothers at the port of embarkation.
But she had to do it, and one by one they left her hands. When her money had almost gone a letter from her mother reached her. As her husband was a man of means, and had doubtless returned by this time, could she not send them the money? Part of the remainder she was obliged to expend in winter clothing, leaving only a nominal sum for the whole inclement season at hand. She recognized in him the well-to-do boor whom Angel had knocked down at the inn for addressing her coarsely. Was there another such a wretched being as she in the world? Tess asked herself; and, thinking of her wasted life, said, "All is vanity." "I wish it were now," she said.
To this end Tess resolved to run no further risks from her appearance. she said. Before her, in a slight depression, were the remains of a village. she said. She warmed her hands upon them, and also put her cheek--red and moist with the drizzle--against their comforting surface. Marian paused. That night she wrote to inform her parents of her new address, in case a letter should arrive at Marlott from her husband. But she did not tell them of the sorriness of her situation: it might have brought reproach upon him.
But Tess set to work. In the afternoon the rain came on again, and Marian said that they need not work any more. "I'll write to Izz Huett," she said. They knew that it meant snow, and in the night the snow came. Presently they heard the muffled tread of a horse, and the farmer rode up to the barndoor. cried Marian. "Is it about my husband?" she stammered. He wanted her to go off to Brazil with him." she asked. "He didn't take her!" When Tess had reached home that evening, and had entered into the privacy of her little white-washed chamber, she began impetuously writing a letter to Clare.
But that sense of her having morally no claim upon him had always led Tess to suspend her impulse to send these notes; and to the family at the Vicarage, therefore, as to her own parents since her marriage, she was virtually non-existent. To leave the farm on a week-day was not in her power; Sunday was the only possible opportunity. And the distance being fifteen miles each way she would have to allow herself a long day for the undertaking by rising early. However, about noon she paused by a gate on the edge of the basin in which Emminster and its Vicarage lay. It is a queer business, apparently. Whether she has joined him yet or not I don't know; but she had not done so some months ago when I heard from him." she said. she said. "'Tis too soon for that; the bells hain't strook out yet.
"Tess!" "Tess!" Since then my one desire has been to hand on the true view to others, and that is what I was trying to do to-day; though it is only lately that I have preached hereabout. "Your conversion. "Because a better man than you does not believe in such." said Tess. "But why?" "Never!" "He is far away." From YOU? ...  That's sad, Tess!" "He does not leave me to work!" I can see in his face what a churl he is." Alec! "The same man as the preacher? she said. I, at any rate, try to help you out of trouble, but he does not, bless his invisible face! His voice hardened as his temper got the better of him with the recollection of his sincerity in asking her and her present ingratitude, and he stepped across to her side and held her by the shoulders, so that she shook under his grasp.
He had seen her lift her eyes, and waved his hand urbanely to her, while he blew her a kiss. She shook her head and toiled on. However, I have told the farmer that he has no right to employ women at steam-threshing. she said. she cried. "I will take nothing from you, either for them or for me!" He did not accompany her further, since, as she lived with the household, all was public indoors. I think I must die if you do    not come soon, or tell me to come to you. Only come back to me. People still say that I am rather pretty, Angel (handsome is    the word they use, since I wish to be truthful).
"Now," said old Mr Clare to his wife, when he had read the envelope, "if Angel proposes leaving Rio for a visit home at the end of next month, as he told us that he hoped to do, I think this may hasten his plans; for I believe it to be from his wife." He breathed deeply at the thought of her; and the letter was redirected to be promptly sent on to Angel. "To my dying day I shall feel that he has been ill-used. They blamed themselves for this unlucky marriage. He had come to this place in a fit of desperation, the Brazil movement among the English agriculturists having by chance coincided with his desire to escape from his past existence. How, then, about Tess? He could no longer say that he would always reject her, and not to say that was in spirit to accept her now. Clare waited a few hours to bury him, and then went on his way. The words of Izz Huett, never quite stilled in his memory, came back to him. He thought of Tess as she had appeared on the day of the wedding. But the reasoning is somewhat musty; lovers and husbands have gone over the ground before to-day. So does Time ruthlessly destroy his own romances. asked Tess, in startled accents.
In lonely districts night is a protection rather than a danger to a noiseless pedestrian, and knowing this, Tess pursued the nearest course along by-lanes that she would almost have feared in the day-time; but marauders were wanting now, and spectral fears were driven out of her mind by thoughts of her mother. In the direction of her mother's house she saw a light. Tess did not speak to her fellow-worker, nor did he speak to her. she weakly asked. "And so on. "It IS right!" Since returning home her soul had gone out to those children with an affection that was passionate. "If your mother does not recover, somebody ought to do something for them; since your father will not be able to do much, I suppose?" "How damned foolish this is!" Some twenty yards from the house she was met by one of her sisters. The news meant even more than it sounded.
As it was the last night they would spend in the village which had been their home and birthplace, Mrs Durbeyfield, 'Liza-Lu, and Abraham had gone out to bid some friends goodbye, and Tess was keeping house till they should return. It has to do with a murder, committed by one of the family, centuries ago." Now why not come to my garden-house at Trantridge? It can be whitewashed in a day, and your mother can live there quite comfortably; and I will put the children to a good school. "But we have already taken the rooms at Kingsbere!" she declared. Tess shook her head. "It is her business to judge--not yours. With the last sentence he had dropped his voice to a murmur, and put his hand in at the half-open casement. "Damnation--you are very cruel!" she cried. I will try to forget    you. "Ah--but I did see him!" But no. she murmured. Mr Clare can never be anything to us, Izz; and why should we grudge him to her, and not try to mend this quarrel?
  It was evening at Emminster Vicarage. "But he has done it in an hour with us, my dear." "O, it is not Angel--not my son--the Angel who went away!" The angular hollows and lines of his aged ancestors had succeeded to their reign in his face twenty years before their time. "Has any letter come for me lately?" he asked. You are cruel, cruel indeed! said Angel, throwing down the letter. "Don't, Angel, be so anxious about a mere child of the soil!" "Child of the soil! Clare therefore thought it would be best to prepare Tess and her family by sending a line to Marlott announcing his return, and his hope that she was still living with them there, as he had arranged for her to do when he left England. A day or two passed while he waited at his father's house for the promised second note from Joan Durbeyfield, and indirectly to recover a little more strength. Clare determined that he would no longer believe in her more recent and severer regard of him, but would go and find her immediately. Whilst he was hastily packing together a few articles for his journey he glanced over a poor plain missive also lately come to hand--the one from Marian and Izz Huett, beginning--  "Honour'd Sir, Look to your Wife if you do love her as much as she do love you," and signed, "From Two Well-Wishers."
He went to the inn, where he hired a trap, and could hardly wait during the harnessing. His way was by the field in which he had first beheld her at the dance. "Ah, sir, now that's a man who didn't want to lie here, but wished to be carried to Kingsbere, where his ancestors be." Where is she staying?" "I--don't know exactly where she is staying," she answered. "He has married her," Joan whispered. It was apparent that Joan spoke the truth in this, and he pressed her no further.
At the door he met an intelligent postman coming out with letters for the morning delivery. asked Angel. "There's visitors coming and going every day, as you know, sir," he said; "and without the name of the house 'tis impossible to find 'em." "What place is The Herons?" "A stylish lodging-house. "Mrs d'Urberville?" Tess, then, passed as a married woman, and he felt glad, even though she had not adopted his name. "Will you kindly tell her that a relative is anxious to see her?" "It is rather early. "Angel." "Mr Angel?" "No; Angel. Obviously her position was by no means so bad as he had feared, and it crossed his mind that she must somehow have claimed and sold the jewels to attain it. "Tess!" "It is too late," said she, her voice sounding hard through the room, her eyes shining unnaturally. "I inquired here and there, and I found the way." "He has won me back to him." They stood fixed, their baffled hearts looking out of their eyes with a joylessness pitiful to see.
  Mrs Brooks, the lady who was the householder at The Herons and owner of all the handsome furniture, was not a person of an unusually curious turn of mind. Then the door of the room above was shut, and Mrs Brooks knew that Tess had re-entered her apartment. As the young lady was not fully dressed, Mrs Brooks knew that she would not emerge again for some time. Then a silence, then a heavy sigh, and again--  "O--O--O!" The landlady looked through the keyhole. She got upon the table, and touched the spot in the ceiling with her fingers. Mrs Brooks hastened downstairs, opened the front door, and ran into the street. The workman assented, and followed her to the landing. She asked the man to go through the folding-doors into the adjoining room. "My good God, the gentleman in bed is dead!
When they had nearly reached the top of the great West Hill the clocks in the town struck eight. It was a black flag. "Justice" was done, and the President of the Immortals, in Aeschylean phrase, had ended his sport with Tess. The two speechless gazers bent themselves down to the earth, as if in prayer, and remained thus a long time, absolutely motionless: the flag continued to wave silently.
  On an evening in the latter part of May a middle-aged man was walking homeward from Shaston to the village of Marlott, in the adjoining Vale of Blakemore, or Blackmoor. "Good night, Sir John," said the parson. "Then what might your meaning be in calling me 'Sir John' these different times, when I be plain Jack Durbeyfield, the haggler?" I am Parson Tringham, the antiquary, of Stagfoot Lane. ...  And to think that I and these noble d'Urbervilles were one flesh all the time. "You don't live anywhere. You are extinct--as a county family." asked Durbeyfield, after a pause.
Why, Tess Durbeyfield, if there isn't thy father riding hwome in a carriage!" Tess's pride would not allow her to turn her head again, to learn what her father's meaning was, if he had any; and thus she moved on with the whole body to the enclosure where there was to be dancing on the green. These three brethren told casual acquaintance that they were spending their Whitsun holidays in a walking tour through the Vale of Blackmoor, their course being south-westerly from the town of Shaston on the north-east. He wished that he had asked her; he wished that he had inquired her name.
  As for Tess Durbeyfield, she did not so easily dislodge the incident from her consideration. Tess asked. Her mother gave irrelevant information by way of answer: "He called to see the doctor to-day in Shaston. It is not consumption at all, it seems. "But where IS father?" Go to a public-house to get up his strength! Dismissing this, however, she busied herself with sprinkling the linen dried during the day-time, in company with her nine-year-old brother Abraham, and her sister Eliza-Louisa of twelve and a half, called "'Liza-Lu," the youngest ones being put to bed. Her mother's fetching simply meant one more to fetch. Abraham, like his parents, seemed to have been limed and caught by the ensnaring inn.
whispered his cheerful wife. "Ah, that's the secret," said Joan Durbeyfield sagely. "Hey--what's that?" "There IS a lady of the name, now you mention it," said Durbeyfield. Leave her to me." Tess turned the subject by saying what was far more prominent in her own mind at the moment than thoughts of her ancestry--"I am afraid father won't be able to take the journey with the beehives to-morrow so early." Her mother at length agreed to this arrangement. The rickety little waggon was already laden, and the girl led out the horse, Prince, only a degree less rickety than the vehicle. They mounted in front of the waggon, and Abraham grew reflective. "Tess!" "Yes, Abraham." "That our great relation will help 'ee to marry a gentleman." "Did you say the stars were worlds, Tess?" Most of them splendid and sound--a few blighted." A sudden jerk shook her in her seat, and Tess awoke from the sleep into which she, too, had fallen. she went on to herself. "'Tis because we be on a blighted star, and not a sound one, isn't it, Tess?" "Is he gone to heaven?"
His reasons for staying away were worse to Tess than her own objections to going. "Very well said, Tess!" Her mother's intelligence was that of a happy child: Joan Durbeyfield was simply an additional one, and that not the eldest, to her own long family of waiters on Providence. What is the business you wish to see her about?" Poor relations?" "No; d'Urbervilles." But it is so worn that mother uses it to stir the pea-soup." Alec looked at Tess as he spoke, in a way that made her blush a little. When she could consume no more of the strawberries he filled her little basket with them; and then the two passed round to the rose-trees, whence he gathered blossoms and gave her to put in her bosom. My mother must find a berth for you. Then he broke into a loud laugh.
She blushed, and said confusedly that the flowers had been given to her. "I've had a letter." "Mrs d'Urberville wrote it. said Tess. When she came in her mother pursued her advantage. "It is for you to decide. "And we shan't have a nice new horse, and lots o' golden money to buy fairlings! Her mother could not repress her consciousness of the nuptial vision conjured up by the girl's consent. Tess smiled crossly. Mrs d'Urberville's handwriting seemed rather masculine.
Her mother expostulated. said Tess. Then she put upon her the white frock that Tess had worn at the club-walking, the airy fulness of which, supplementing her enlarged _coiffure_, imparted to her developing figure an amplitude which belied her age, and might cause her to be estimated as a woman when she was not much more than a child. said Tess. But whatever you do, don't zay too much to Tess of his fancy for her, and this chance she has got. "Tell'n--I'll take a thousand pound. Joan Durbeyfield always managed to find consolation somewhere: "Well, as one of the genuine stock, she ought to make her way with 'en, if she plays her trump card aright. And if he don't marry her afore he will after.
"Don't try to frighten me, sir," said Tess stiffly. Hold on round my waist!" She grasped his waist, and so they reached the bottom. said she, her face on fire. He was inexorable, and she sat still, and d'Urberville gave her the kiss of mastery. No sooner had he done so than she flushed with shame, took out her handkerchief, and wiped the spot on her cheek that had been touched by his lips. D'Urberville pulled up, and said he would get it for her, but Tess was down on the other side. "'Tis five or six miles yet to Trantridge." Now, tell me--didn't you make that hat blow off on purpose?
She had come from the manor-house. "Mrs d'Urberville wants the fowls as usual," she said; but perceiving that Tess did not quite understand, she explained, "Mis'ess is a old lady, and blind." said Tess. "Whistle, Ma'am?" How selfish of her! "You'll find her so; she must be, to make you learn to whistle to her bullfinches. Good morning. It was in the economy of this _regime_ that Tess Durbeyfield had undertaken to fill a place.
For a long time Tess did not join in the weekly pilgrimages. It was a windowless erection used for storage, and from the open door there floated into the obscurity a mist of yellow radiance, which at first Tess thought to be illuminated smoke. Now, have a turn with me?" Tess, though flattered, had never quite got over her original mistrust of him, and, despite their tardiness, she preferred to walk home with the work-folk. "Well--whatever is that a-creeping down thy back, Car Darch?" she cried. Tess was indignant and ashamed. laughed dark Car's mother, stroking her moustache as she explained laconically: "Out of the frying-pan into the fire!"
Nevertheless, Alec did not object to that confession. D'Urberville stopped the horse, withdrew his feet from the stirrups, turned sideways on the saddle, and enclosed her waist with his arm to support her. "That is devilish unkind!" He turned the horse's head into the bushes, hitched him on to a bough, and made a sort of couch or nest for her in the deep mass of dead leaves. "And the children have some toys." she murmured, much moved. "Why, dear?" "I'm grateful," she reluctantly admitted. He pulled off a light overcoat that he had worn, and put it round her tenderly. "Tess!" She was sleeping soundly, and upon her eyelashes there lingered tears. There lay the pity of it.
It was a Sunday morning in late October, about four months after Tess Durbeyfield's arrival at Trantridge, and some few weeks subsequent to the night ride in The Chase. It was always beautiful from here; it was terribly beautiful to Tess to-day, for since her eyes last fell upon it she had learnt that the serpent hisses where the sweet birds sing, and her views of life had been totally changed for her by the lesson. But she had not, and she sat now, like a puppet, replying to his remarks in monosyllables. he coldly asked. I SHOULD be your creature to go on doing that, and I won't!" "If you wish," she answered indifferently. He asked in a business-like manner if he should take her basket, which she permitted him to do, walking beside him. She also assented to this. Her mother eyed her narrowly. reiterated her mother. Why didn't ye think of doing some good for your family instead o' thinking only of yourself? Get Alec d'Urberville in the mind to marry her! He marry HER! I was a child when I left this house four months ago.
She liked to hear the chanting--such as it was--and the old Psalms, and to join in the Morning Hymn. She knew what their whispers were about, grew sick at heart, and felt that she could come to church no more. Feeling herself in antagonism, she was quite in accord.
Tess Durbeyfield had been one of the last to suspend her labours. Her baby had not been baptized. She was continually waking as she lay, and in the middle of the night found that the baby was still worse. In her misery she rocked herself upon the bed. she cried. The man and the ecclesiastic fought within him, and the victory fell to the man. In spite of the untoward surroundings, however, Tess bravely made a little cross of two laths and a piece of string, and having bound it with flowers, she stuck it up at the head of the grave one evening when she could enter the churchyard without being seen, putting at the foot also a bunch of the same flowers in a little jar of water to keep them alive.
But she would often clasp her hands behind her head and muse when she was supposed to be working hard. She waited a long time without finding opportunity for a new departure. She would be the dairymaid Tess, and nothing more.
Having packed up her luggage so that it could be sent to her later, she started in a hired trap for the little town of Stourcastle, through which it was necessary to pass on her journey, now in a direction almost opposite to that of her first adventuring. Tess had never before visited this part of the country, and yet she felt akin to the landscape. she said. The marked difference, in the final particular, between the rival vales now showed itself.
Seeing Tess standing at gaze he went across to her. "Oh no--it is nothing," said Tess. The only movements were those of the milkers' hands up and down, and the swing of the cows' tails. So he broke into the 'Tivity Hymm, just as at Christmas carol-singing; when, lo and behold, down went the bull on his bended knees, in his ignorance, just as if 'twere the true 'Tivity night and hour. I knowed the man well."
"It was ordered by Mr Angel Clare, and should have been sent to him." "What for?" "To read." I love the Church as one loves a parent. Perhaps if Angel had persevered he might have gone to Cambridge like his brothers. Much to his surprise he took, indeed, a real delight in their companionship. Sitting down as a level member of the dairyman's household seemed at the outset an undignified proceeding. He grew away from old associations, and saw something new in life and humanity. She was not looking towards him.
Her misgiving was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone, to continue her regrets that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. Tess was trying to lead a repressed life, but she little divined the strength of her own vitality. He observed her dejection one day, when he had casually mentioned something to her about pastoral life in ancient Greece. he asked.
Tess had never in her recent life been so happy as she was now, possibly never would be so happy again. The mixed, singular, luminous gloom in which they walked along together to the spot where the cows lay often made him think of the Resurrection hour. It was then, as has been said, that she impressed him most deeply. She was no longer the milkmaid, but a visionary essence of woman--a whole sex condensed into one typical form.
The churn revolved as usual, but the butter would not come. "Perhaps somebody in the house is in love," she said tentatively. stop the churn! 'I shall be churned into a pummy!' And so it ended that day." cried Mrs Crick, and the attention of all was called off from Tess. The evening sun was now ugly to her, like a great inflamed wound in the sky. Retty Priddle still looked, and the others looked again. For that matter she knew herself to have the preference. But the grave question was, ought she to do this?
He had received a letter, in which a customer had complained that the butter had a twang. Several of them gathered round him; and Mr Clare tasted, Tess tasted, also the other indoor milkmaids, one or two of the milking-men, and last of all Mrs Crick, who came out from the waiting breakfast-table. "Izzy Huett and Retty."
It was Sunday morning; the milking was done; the outdoor milkers had gone home. murmured Tess. "Are you trying to get to church?" He went up to the red-haired girl, and while he was seizing her he glanced at Tess. And all this fluff of muslin about you is the froth." She looked joylessly at Tess. "What do you mean?" There was no concealing from herself the fact that she loved Angel Clare, perhaps all the more passionately from knowing that the others had also lost their hearts to him. she declared to Retty that night in the bedroom (her tears running down). "I can't help this, my dear! But I will be plain. "But O! "B' you awake, Tess?" "Some lady looked out for him?" But he is sure to marry her."
They milked entirely in the meads for coolness and convenience, without driving in the cows. He jumped up from his seat, and, leaving his pail to be kicked over if the milcher had such a mind, went quickly towards the desire of his eyes, and, kneeling down beside her, clasped her in his arms. Tess was taken completely by surprise, and she yielded to his embrace with unreflecting inevitableness. he whispered.
"He's getting on towards the end of his time wi' me," added the dairyman, with a phlegm which unconsciously was brutal; "and so I suppose he is beginning to see about his plans elsewhere." Dared he to marry her? It was chiefly a difference in his manner that they noticed just now, particularly his brothers. A prig would have said that he had lost culture, and a prude that he had become coarse. His Diocesan Synod and Visitations were the mainsprings of the world to the one; Cambridge to the other. said Angel. said Cuthbert and Felix both.
His father then told him that, as he had not been put to the expense of sending Angel up to Cambridge, he had felt it his duty to set by a sum of money every year towards the purchase or lease of land for him some day, that he might not feel himself unduly slighted. Would it not be well, therefore, for him to marry? "A truly Christian woman, who will be a help and a comfort to you in your goings-out and your comings-in. "Yes; a farmer's wife; yes, certainly. "Mercy Chant is of a very good family." To neither Felix nor Cuthbert had he ventured to mention Tess. His mother made him sandwiches, and his father accompanied him, on his own mare, a little way along the road. Angel flushed with distress. "Not blows, father? "No, he did not. "A dozen times, my boy. said Angel fervently.
Not a human being was out of doors at the dairy. The brim-fulness of her nature breathed from her. How you frightened me--I--"  There had not at first been time for her to think of the changed relations which his declaration had introduced; but the full sense of the matter rose up in her face when she encountered Clare's tender look as he stepped forward to the bottom stair. "O Mr Clare--I cannot be your wife--I cannot be!" "But, Tess!" he said, amazed at her reply, and holding her still more greedily close. "I don't want to marry! "But why?" She will want you to marry a lady." "I feel I cannot--never, never!" she said, turning away from him.
That she had already permitted him to make love to her he read as an additional assurance, not fully trowing that in the fields and pastures to "sigh gratis" is by no means deemed waste; love-making being here more often accepted inconsiderately and for its own sweet sake than in the carking, anxious homes of the ambitious, where a girl's craving for an establishment paralyzes her healthy thought of a passion as an end. She started. I am not good enough--not worthy enough." For two or three days no more was said. he said. she exclaimed. "I will try--not!
"Not Jack Dollop? A villain--to think o' that!" Wait till by and by. "Very well, then, 'Angel dearest', if I MUST," she murmured, looking at her candle, a roguish curl coming upon her mouth, notwithstanding her suspense. Except Marian, they all looked wistfully and suspiciously at the pair, in the sad yellow rays which the morning candles emitted in contrast with the first cold signals of the dawn without. But Tess knew that this day would decide it. There's no time to-day to take it home and mix it with the bulk afore sending off.
They were so absorbed in the sense of being close to each other that they did not begin talking for a long while, the silence being broken only by the clucking of the milk in the tall cans behind them. Ah--no we are not! "I'll try." "That," he observed, to entertain her, "is an interesting old place--one of the several seats which belonged to an ancient Norman family formerly of great influence in this county, the d'Urbervilles. she asked. He pressed her more closely to his side. "And then--there is something very unusual about it--about me. She was agitated. He clasped her close and kissed her. "Ah, then I HAVE seen you before this summer--"  "Yes; at that dance on the green; but you would not dance with me. O, I hope that is of no ill-omen for us now!"
  Tess wrote a most touching and urgent letter to her mother the very next day, and by the end of the week a response to her communication arrived in Joan Durbeyfield's wandering last-century hand. murmured Tess. she said gladly. "Of course you cannot--and it is not best in this case. "But--"  He drew her gently nearer to him. They hung about her in their white nightgowns before replying, as if they considered their answer might lie in her look. "No, no, dear Tess!" "You are!"
he said. "It is. Next, he wished to see a little of the working of a flour-mill, having an idea that he might combine the use of one with corn-growing. They decided to go immediately after the wedding, and remain for a fortnight, instead of journeying to towns and inns. The thirty-first of December, New Year's Eve, was the date. The banns, I mean." "No, no, Tess; just an order to a tradeswoman in London--nothing more."
Clare had just returned from the stable-yard, and, confronting the man on the threshold, heard the words, and saw the shrinking of Tess. "And was it a mistake?" Then, lest the flesh should again be weak, she crept upstairs without any shoes and slipped the note under his door. He met her at the bottom of the stairs and kissed her. But he said not a word to her about her revelation, even when they were alone. With a feeling of faintness she withdrew the letter. He silenced her by a kiss. she whispered there alone; "for she you love is not my real self, but one in my image; the one I might have been!" At two o'clock there was nothing left to do but to start. said Tess to her husband. "Tell the man to drive on. Goodbye, goodbye!"
The absoluteness of possession pleased them, and they realized it as the first moment of their experience under their own exclusive roof-tree. On the landing Tess stopped and started. "Those horrid women!" "They are very much mixed." God forbid such a crime!" "I wonder where that luggage is. He returned to the room with a small package in his hand. "It is a little wedding-present for you, Tess," said he, handing it to her. His wife was a d'Urberville: whom could they become better than her? And he turned from the fire to help her. said Tess. "Let them stay a few minutes longer. It had been caused by the opening of the outer door. A heavy step was now heard in the passage, and Angel went out. asked Tess. "Without the least cause," said Tess. It was wicked of her to take all without paying. "You have to confess something?" I wonder if you will forgive me?" "No, it cannot be more serious, certainly," she cried, "because 'tis just the same!
"Tess!" He paused, contemplating this definition; then suddenly broke into horrible laughter--as unnatural and ghastly as a laugh in hell. "Angel, Angel! You don't in the least understand the quality of the mishap. Later on that night Clare also retraced his steps to the house. He reclined on his couch in the sitting-room, and extinguished the light.
The pair were, in truth, but the ashes of their former fires. "Angel!" "Tess! "It is true." "But the man?" "He is alive." she said, shrinking. "And you would like to go home?" he asked.
Clare came close, and bent over her. "Dead, dead, dead!" he murmured. After fixedly regarding her for some moments with the same gaze of unmeasurable woe, he bent lower, enclosed her in his arms, and rolled her in the sheet as in a shroud. Was he going to drown her? She had heard of such deaths after sleep-walking. They feared she would come to no good. "Until you come to me I must not try to come to you?" These things arranged, he walked with Tess back to the carriage, and handed her in.
Tess hastily explained that he had been called away on business, and, leaving her interlocutor, clambered over the garden-hedge, and thus made her way to the house. "Going to be?" "Oh, he's gone away for a time." "Mother!" she gasped through her sobs. In her craving for the lustre of her true position as his wife, and to hide from her parents the vast extent of the division between them, she made use of this letter as her reason for again departing, leaving them under the impression that she was setting out to join him.
With this view he was returning to Emminster to disclose his plan to his parents, and to make the best explanation he could make of arriving without Tess, short of revealing what had actually separated them. His father and mother were both in the drawing-room, but neither of his brothers was now at home. cried his mother. "Brazil! "Pure and virtuous, of course, she is." for her price is far    above rubies. He went to his own chamber. "She is spotless!"
O, Angel Clare!" "O Tess! he mourned. At the bottom of the flight he saw a woman standing, and on her turning up her face recognized the pale, dark-eyed Izz Huett. "Going to Brazil." "And Marian?" "And you!" she whispered vehemently. "I am going to Brazil alone, Izz," said he. "You truly wish me to go?" "You will? "More than Tess?" "No," she murmured, "not more than she." "Because nobody could love 'ee more than Tess did!
Of the five-and-twenty pounds which had remained to her of Clare's allowance, after deducting the other half of the fifty as a contribution to her parents for the trouble and expense to which she had put them, she had as yet spent but little. To return. From that direction of gentility Black Care had come. The man turned and stared hard at her. She recognized in him the well-to-do boor whom Angel had knocked down at the inn for addressing her coarsely. She scraped together the dead leaves till she had formed them into a large heap, making a sort of nest in the middle. Was there another such a wretched being as she in the world? She repeated the words mechanically, till she reflected that this was a most inadequate thought for modern days. "Poor darlings--to suppose myself the most miserable being on earth in the sight o' such misery as yours!" "And not a twinge of bodily pain about me!
Then with her little scissors, by the aid of a pocket looking-glass, she mercilessly nipped her eyebrows off, and thus insured against aggressive admiration, she went on her uneven way. said the next man who met her to a companion. I'll always be ugly now, because Angel is not here, and I have nobody to take care of me. Not HE?" Marian paused. Do they want a hand here?" I don't wish to bring his name down to the dirt."
But Tess set to work. The upper half of each turnip had been eaten off by the live-stock, and it was the business of the two women to grub up the lower or earthy half of the root with a hooked fork called a hacker, that it might be eaten also. Amid this scene Tess slaved in the morning frosts and in the afternoon rains. said Marian. I want the barn cleared." pleaded Tess. Then Izz Huett broke down. It was what he wanted Izz to do. He wanted her to go off to Brazil with him."
Nobody answered to her ringing. But as she reached the churchyard-gate the people began pouring out, and Tess found herself in the midst of them. She soon distanced the churchgoers, except two youngish men, who, linked arm-in-arm, were beating up behind her at a quick step. Then there was a greeting and a shaking of hands, and the three went on together. I'll carry them home for some poor person." Thereupon she began to plod back along the road by which she had come not altogether full of hope, but full of a conviction that a crisis in her life was approaching. she said. They be all gone to hear the preaching in yonder barn. But more startling to Tess than the doctrine had been the voice, which, impossible as it seemed, was precisely that of Alec d'Urberville.
To think of what emanated from that countenance when she saw it last, and to behold it now! D'Urberville was not the first wicked man who had turned away from his wickedness to save his soul alive, and why should she deem it unnatural in him? But the moment that she moved again he recognized her. This paralysis lasted, however, but a short time; for Tess's energies returned with the atrophy of his, and she walked as fast as she was able past the barn and onward. Her back seemed to be endowed with a sensitiveness to ocular beams--even her clothing--so alive was she to a fancied gaze which might be resting upon her from the outside of that barn. "Tess!" "Tess!" he repeated. She then looked back at him, and he came up. "I see it is," she answered coldly. You have heard of him?" And you don't believe me? "Your conversion. "What a woman's reason! "I will think. "Yes--but swear it." The letter began by expressing the writer's unfeigned joy at d'Urberville's conversion, and thanked him for his kindness in communicating with the parson on the subject. 'Tis a thing of ill-omen, Miss.
Why is that?" she pleaded. I own that the sight of you had waked up my love for you, which, I believed, was extinguished with all such feelings. "Married. "He does not leave me to work!" She went close up to him. But again she did not finish her effusion; he had asked Izz to go with him, and perhaps he did not care for her at all. Alec!
What he looked he felt. "Who is that?" Tess uttered a short little "Oh!" The brethren! I came Tess, to say that I don't like you to be working like this, and I have come on purpose for you. You say you have a husband who is not I. Alec fiercely started up from his reclining position. "O no, no, Tess," he said blandly. His voice hardened as his temper got the better of him with the recollection of his sincerity in asking her and her present ingratitude, and he stepped across to her side and held her by the shoulders, so that she shook under his grasp. I will be your master again.
To Tess's surprise Farmer Groby came up on the machine to her, and said that if she desired to join her friend he did not wish her to keep on any longer, and would send somebody else to take her place. she cried. "I will take nothing from you, either for them or for me!" I am so exposed to    temptation, Angel.
He breathed deeply at the thought of her; and the letter was redirected to be promptly sent on to Angel. Who was the moral man? Viewing her in these lights, a regret for his hasty judgement began to oppress him. He could no longer say that he would always reject her, and not to say that was in spirit to accept her now. Meanwhile the writer's expectation that Angel would come in response to the entreaty was alternately great and small. "What is the matter at home?"
In the direction of her mother's house she saw a light. You are Eve, and I am the old Other One come to tempt you in the disguise of an inferior animal. "I am not going to see a woman whom I feel so tenderly for as I do for you in trouble without trying to help her." "And with mine." "How damned foolish this is!" "Why, he thinks we are the same family; and will be quite satisfied!" "He don't. D'Urberville in anger retreated from her to the hedge, where he pulled off the long smockfrock which had disguised him; and rolling it up and pushing it into the couch-fire, went away.
"I ought never to have come home," said Tess to herself, bitterly. The rain had nearly ceased, and she opened the casement in obedience to his gesture. you heard the d'Urberville Coach, perhaps. he exclaimed in tones of ironic resentment. Mother is so foolish about father's people that she will go there." We'll get up a regular colony of fowls, and your mother can attend to them excellently; and the children can go to school." Tess changed the subject. "No," said Tess. The children by the fire looked gravely at her, and one murmured--  "Why, Tess, the gentleman a-horseback!"
They had called on a few neighbours that morning and the previous evening, and some came to see them off, all wishing them well, though, in their secret hearts, hardly expecting welfare possible to such a family, harmless as the Durbeyfields were to all except themselves. "Marian and Izz!" "Are you house-ridding to-day, like everybody else?" They told Tess their destination, and Tess told them hers. Hard by, the aisle of the church called the d'Urberville Aisle looked on imperturbably. "Isn't your family vault your own freehold?" Now, Tess and 'Liza and Abraham, you help me. he asked. But in passing her he whispered: "Mind this; you'll be civil yet!" "Could we let him know?" Sir, there is one near her who ought to be    Away.
"Years ago." His father, too, was shocked to see him, so reduced was that figure from its former contours by worry and the bad season that Clare had experienced, in the climate to which he had so rashly hurried in his first aversion to the mockery of events at home. "Has any letter come for me lately?" he asked. O why have you treated me so monstrously, Angel! "Don't, Angel, be so anxious about a mere child of the soil!" said his mother. A day or two passed while he waited at his father's house for the promised second note from Joan Durbeyfield, and indirectly to recover a little more strength. Then he hunted up the old letter sent on to him in Brazil, which Tess had written from Flintcomb-Ash, and re-read it.
She had told him she was not now at Marlott, but had been curiously reticent as to her actual address, and the only course was to go to Marlott and inquire for it. He found that the statement was true, and paid the bill. Where is she staying?" He was turning away; and then he thought of Tess's tender letter. "We are fairly well provided for." The last train to Sandbourne left shortly after, and it bore Clare on its wheels.
"What place is The Herons?" "Mrs d'Urberville?" he said to himself; and the door opened. "Tess!" he continued to plead. But I say, I say it is too late." "He has won me back to him." She continued--  "He is upstairs.
The landlady looked through the keyhole. ...  And you had used your cruel persuasion upon me ... you did not stop using it--no--you did not stop! Mrs Brooks had strange qualms of misgiving. She got upon the table, and touched the spot in the ceiling with her fingers. She listened. "My good God, the gentleman in bed is dead!
Why he did so he could not say, but something seemed to impel him to the act. To tell you that I have killed him!" "Still, I owed it to you, and to myself, Angel. "I do love you, Tess--O, I do--it is all come back!" "I mean that I have," she murmured in a reverie. Is he dead?" Passing through the gate they could see the house, an old brick building of regular design and large accommodation. "It is Bramshurst Court. she asked. "I have been thinking of that empty mansion we passed," he said. Clare clambered in, and pulled Tess in after him. said he, setting down his bag and the parcel of viands. They heard her close the windows, fasten them, lock the door, and go away.
In the night the dull sky cleared, and the result was that the old caretaker at the cottage awoke early. Not more than a minute had elapsed after her withdrawal when Tess woke, and then Clare. At any rate, the woman will be sure to come to-day." said Angel. It seemed to be of solid stone, without joint or moulding. I think you are lying on an altar." And she is my sister-in-law." If you would train her and teach her, Angel, and bring her up for your own self! "No," said he. "Who to?" "I believe to the sun. Clare wished they had gone onward, but in the circumstances decided to remain quiet. "I am ready," she said quietly.
It was a black flag. As soon as they had strength, they arose, joined hands again, and went on.
He was married twice, and had three sons, the eldest, Dmitri, by his first wife, and two, Ivan and Alexey, by his second. She seems to have been the only woman who made no particular appeal to his senses. Immediately after the elopement Adelaida Ivanovna discerned in a flash that she had no feeling for her husband but contempt. Finally, she left the house and ran away from Fyodor Pavlovitch with a destitute divinity student, leaving Mitya, a child of three years old, in her husband's hands. He completely abandoned the child of his marriage with Adelaida Ivanovna, not from malice, nor because of his matrimonial grievances, but simply because he forgot him. He used long afterwards to tell as a characteristic touch, that when he began to speak of Mitya, Fyodor Pavlovitch looked for some time as though he did not understand what child he was talking about, and even as though he was surprised to hear that he had a little son in the house. The Moscow lady died, and Mitya passed into the care of one of her married daughters. He seems not to have liked his father. Fyodor Pavlovitch remarked for the first time then (this, too, should be noted) that Mitya had a vague and exaggerated idea of his property. "Those innocent eyes slit my soul up like a razor," he used to say afterwards, with his loathsome snigger. Yet she bore Fyodor Pavlovitch two sons, Ivan and Alexey, the eldest in the first year of marriage and the second three years later. Fyodor Pavlovitch, whom she had not seen for those eight years, came in to her drunk. He became especially fond of the younger, Alexey, who lived for a long while as one of his family. It was rather a curious incident. The article dealt with a subject which was being debated everywhere at the time--the position of the ecclesiastical courts. Every one can see that he hasn't come for money, for his father would never give him any. He has no taste for drink and dissipation, and yet his father can't do without him. From his earliest childhood he was fond of creeping into a corner to read, and yet he was a general favorite all the while he was at school. He was more and more frequently drunk. The old man knew that the elder Zossima, who was living in the monastery hermitage, had made a special impression upon his "gentle boy." So you want to be a monk? no doubt, in the monastery he fully believed in miracles, but, to my thinking, miracles are never a stumbling-block to the realist. What was such an elder? An elder was one who took your soul, your will, into his soul and his will. But here is a recent instance. The elder Zossima was sixty-five. He came of a family of landowners, had been in the army in early youth, and served in the Caucasus as an officer. He is holy. Alyosha was naturally silent, and he seemed to be expecting something, ashamed about something, while his brother Ivan, though Alyosha noticed at first that he looked long and curiously at him, seemed soon to have left off thinking of him. He ascribed his brother's indifference at first to the disparity of their age and education. He kept fancying that Ivan was absorbed in something--something inward and important--that he was striving towards some goal, perhaps very hard to attain, and that that was why he had no thought for him. Dmitri used to speak of Ivan with the deepest respect and with a peculiar earnestness. He was suddenly seized with the desire to see the monastery and the holy man. "Who has made me a judge over them?" Alyosha was much perturbed when he heard of the proposed visit. Though he said nothing, Alyosha thoroughly understood his father. He only sent word the day before, through a friend, to his brother Dmitri, that he loved him and expected him to keep his promise. Alyosha was not greatly cheered by the letter.
"Who is a _chevalier_?" The honor and glory of the monastery, Zossima. Fyodor Pavlovitch and Miuesov stopped. The monk, with an extremely courteous, profound bow, announced:  "The Father Superior invites all of you gentlemen to dine with him after your visit to the hermitage. Father Zossima was accompanied by a novice, and by Alyosha. He stood in front of the other visitors. The divinity student, the novice, and Alyosha remained standing. Father Zossima scrutinized them both in silence. I'm like the philosopher, Diderot, your reverence. And he fell down at his feet on the spot. And so he was. "Fyodor Pavlovitch, this is unbearable! Why are you playing the fool?" I do not know, and can't tell. He went out of the cell. Father Zossima was going towards the portico to bless the people waiting for him there. "Blessed man!" Two ladies, Madame Hohlakov and her daughter, had also come out into the portico to wait for the elder, but in a separate part of it set aside for women of rank. He blessed them all and talked with some of them. It withdraws into itself and is still. said Father Zossima, looking curiously at her. Our son is no doubt singing with the angels before God.' I see that he cries like me. To whom is he to go if he find you not together, his father and mother? He was an old man. And then the thought came to me--"  "Stay!" Is that your little girl?" He blessed them all and bowed low to them. But she wants to see you at once. If only for her suffering.... "Lise!" Yet Lise has told me twice that she is never happy except with you." "Lack of faith in God?" "Oh, no, no! She clasped her hands. This has been tried. Avoid being scornful, both to others and to yourself. They are waiting for me. "Lise, Lise! she cried, starting up suddenly. "She does not deserve to be loved. We know that he goes everywhere. The elder listened to her with a smile, and blessed her tenderly. Ivan and the two monks took the leading share in it. "As far as Church jurisdiction is concerned he is apparently quite opposed to the separation of Church from State." Father Zossima asked Ivan. For that we have the divine promise." What would become of him if the Church punished him with her excommunication as the direct consequence of the secular law? That is Rome and its dream. That is the third temptation of the devil. They are dreadful people! Father Zossima, rising in his chair, blessed him. Saying this, Dmitri bowed once more. Ask him." the elder asked Ivan suddenly. There is no virtue if there is no immortality." cried Dmitri indignantly. Dmitri is not a stranger to him. He's continually borrowing money for the purpose. exclaimed Dmitri furiously. "He says that to his father! What would he be with others? "A duel!" "Shameful and disgraceful!" "Why is such a man alive?" Father Zossima moved towards Dmitri and reaching him sank on his knees before him. Only the monks went up to him again for a blessing. And upset besides! Miuesov looked with hatred at Ivan. "A brazen face, and the conscience of a Karamazov!" When it is God's will to call me, leave the monastery. Go away for good." Alyosha started. This is not your place for the time. Father Zossima asked, smiling gently. Father Zossima raised his hand to bless him. He had told him not to weep, and to leave the monastery. "That bowing to your brother, Dmitri. "You speak of Father Zossima?" "Yes, of Father Zossima." Dmitri--despises her," said Alyosha, with a sort of shudder. He has suddenly gone crazy over Grushenka. Yes, ready to marry her! And Katerina Ivanovna will not in the end refuse such a fascinating man as Ivan. "You don't like Ivan. "Ivan is above that. Perhaps it's suffering he is seeking." His mind is in bondage. "And the problem's a stupid one. Is she ... that sort of woman?" You'd better go to the kitchen. These excellent intentions were strengthened when he entered the Father Superior's dining-room, though, strictly speaking, it was not a dining- room, for the Father Superior had only two rooms altogether; they were, however, much larger and more comfortable than Father Zossima's. But still he felt it would be unseemly to go to dinner. "Well, since I have begun, I may as well go on," he decided. and ... The blood rushed to his head. So this is that very von Sohn. said the Father Superior. and he made Fyodor Pavlovitch a low bow. Old phrases and old gestures. Meanwhile, Fyodor Pavlovitch had got into the carriage, and Ivan was about to follow him in grim silence without even turning to say good-by to Alyosha. Skip on to the box, von Sohn!" "Drive on!" And they did not speak again all the way home.
Book III. And in the lodge there were only three servants: old Grigory, and his old wife Marfa, and a young man called Smerdyakov. He was honest and incorruptible. "Do you understand what duty is?" he asked Marfa Ignatyevna. It happened even (very rarely however) that Fyodor Pavlovitch went at night to the lodge to wake Grigory and fetch him for a moment. The baby had six fingers. Going back into the house, Grigory lighted a lantern, took the garden key, and taking no notice of the hysterical fears of his wife, who was still persuaded that she heard a child crying, and that it was her own baby crying and calling for her, went into the garden in silence. There he heard at once that the groans came from the bath-house that stood near the garden gate, and that they were the groans of a woman. Opening the door of the bath-house, he saw a sight which petrified him. She lay dying with the baby beside her. She said nothing, for she had never been able to speak. But the governor went his way, and Lizaveta was left as she was. At last her father died, which made her even more acceptable in the eyes of the religious persons of the town, as an orphan. Sometimes she would stop one of the richest ladies in the town and give it to her, and the lady would be pleased to take it. At the time, Grigory stood up for his master vigorously. But this affair and all the talk about it did not estrange popular sympathy from the poor idiot. They saved the baby, but Lizaveta died at dawn. Our little lost one has sent us this, who has come from the devil's son and a holy innocent. So Marfa brought up the child. He was employed as cook. She was trying to save his brother Dmitri simply through generosity, though he had already behaved badly to her. He reflected that he would not find Ivan, who was so intimate a friend, with her, for Ivan was certainly now with his father. Without showing him the letter, he could talk to him about it. So he decided to take a short cut by the back-way, for he knew every inch of the ground. asked Alyosha. You may be in love with a woman and yet hate her. I can talk about it gayly still. And here you are on your way to see father and her." Dmitri stood up, thought a moment, and put his finger to his forehead. --who says that?" Alyosha made up his mind to wait. I should like to begin--my confession--with Schiller's _Hymn to Joy_, _An die Freude_! In fact a Karamazov! She was the daughter of an official, a sweet, gentle, submissive creature. Any one on the bottom step is bound to go up to the top one." Alyosha listened with great attention. Many women like such freedom, and she was a girl too, which made it very amusing. I found that out afterwards. The lieutenant-colonel flew to him. I have come ... give me the money!' Well, so much for that 'adventure' with Katerina Ivanovna. "And I? She offers to be my wife, offers herself to me. Alyosha!" he cried. I shall send you to father." "To father?" On the envelope is written: 'To my angel, Grushenka, when she will come to me.' So now he has been expecting Grushenka for the last three or four days; he hopes she'll come for the money. He has sent her word of it, and she has sent him word that perhaps she'll come. "For her?" He does jobs for them. "It was he told you about the money, then?" Go to him, Alyosha, and ask for the three thousand." "What is it? He sees the whole picture. "Grushenka? Here he is!" "What's that for?" The boy looked sarcastically at his teacher. Grigory would ask. Grigory muttered, looking at him. In Moscow, too, as we heard afterwards, he had always been silent. Fyodor Pavlovitch left him with an impatient gesture. Yet he is not thinking; he is "contemplating." burst from Grigory. He wants you to praise him. "Alyosha! Alyosha! hissed Grigory. "I'm not talking about his faith. So I consider, brother, that it constitutes a sin." Go to Marfa. Raw material for revolution, however, when the time comes." "And when will the time come?" "Of course he isn't." And the girl he has thrashed to-day, the young man will ask in marriage to-morrow. It's not enough to cut their heads off, for they keep back progress. "Alyosha, is there a God?" "God and immortality. Does he exist?" You're not angry with me, Alyosha? "But, of course, he believes in God." Here it is. He's upset about his mother, his mother," he muttered to Ivan. He he he!" The Sensualists   Grigory and Smerdyakov ran into the room after Dmitri. Beside himself with fury, Dmitri struck out, and hit Grigory with all his might. The old man fell like a log, and Dmitri, leaping over him, broke in the door. Ivan and Alyosha ran after their father. Alyosha! "Dmitri! Alyosha said to him. He is angry, but he'll defend you." He's run to Grushenka. She has not been here." "She won't marry him." And I'll let you go back to the monastery.... "You're still asking whether she has been here or not?" "To Katerina Ivanovna." "For money? To ask her for money?" Not for money." And these women? Alyosha knew that she lived with two aunts. "Thank God! He expressed this thought almost plainly to Dmitri when, after the visit, his brother besought and insisted that he should not conceal his impressions on seeing his betrothed. That will perhaps be better than if I had a personal explanation with him, as he does not want to come to me. Stay! And he described the whole scene, how Dmitri had sent him to get the money, how he had broken in, knocked his father down, and after that had again specially and emphatically begged him to take his compliments and farewell. He found her then in despair, in agony, deserted by the man she loved. You'll break to him that you have long loved another man, who is now offering you his hand." I've got a pretty little story to tell you on the way. Katerina Ivanovna went into a fit of hysterics. She knows it! So there is a man, then, whom I love. Was she furious?" Grushenka with her?" And a tigress she is! What a thing to do! Alyosha had no doubt that Father Zossima was dying, though he might live another day or two. Alyosha firmly and ardently resolved that in spite of his promises to his father, the Hohlakovs, and Katerina Ivanovna, he would not leave the monastery next day, but would remain with his elder to the end. Alyosha murmured, crossing himself, and falling into peaceful sleep.
His mind was quite clear; his face looked very tired, yet bright and almost joyful. People began coming from the monastery. When he realizes that he is not only worse than others, but that he is responsible to all men for all and everything, for all human sins, national and individual, only then the aim of our seclusion is attained. she concluded. Is Sylvester well?" asked Father Ferapont, suddenly. asked Ferapont. "As a bird." This was why the news of the fresh "miracle" performed by Father Zossima reduced him to extreme perplexity. "Haven't they need of you? He spoke as they left the cell together. At His Father's   First of all, Alyosha went to his father. On the way he remembered that his father had insisted the day before that he should come without his brother Ivan seeing him. Alyosha wondered suddenly. "He is very bad; he may die to-day," answered Alyosha. But his father had not listened, and had forgotten his own question at once. asked Alyosha. said Alyosha, troubled. Alyosha listened to him in silence. If he does speak, he gives himself airs. He wants to spy how much I give Grushenka if she comes. I've changed my mind. And what of Dmitri? "He even throws stones with his left hand," observed a third. the boys shouted, laughing. "What are you about! "But what for? "There, he sent a stone in your back again, he knows you," cried the children. asked Alyosha, "is he a tell-tale or what?" Alyosha continued. Alyosha took out his handkerchief and bound it tightly round his injured hand. The boy stood waiting all the time. She ran out to Alyosha in the hall. He restored the son to his mother!" "He is dying to-day," said Alyosha. "Then I shall see her here. He says that he can make nothing of it, that we must wait. Alyosha unbound his bitten finger. Madame Hohlakov screamed and shut her eyes. she asked Alyosha, quickly. "And then I'll talk to you about something quite different. "That's not true, you have. Give me back the letter at once, give it me." Is he fit to be married after that? He had fancied, too, that she was incapable of loving a man like Ivan, and that she did love Dmitri, and loved him just as he was, in spite of all the strangeness of such a passion. Alyosha could not help believing that of Ivan. If he loved any one, he set to work at once to help him. "That girl is truthful and sincere," he thought, "and she does not love Dmitri any more." When he becomes unhappy with that woman, and that is bound to happen quite soon, let him come to me and he will find a friend, a sister.... Only a sister, of course, and so for ever; but he will learn at least that that sister is really his sister, who loves him and has sacrificed all her life to him. She felt this herself. "To-morrow--to Moscow!" As he says, so it shall be. "In a theater? His hat was in his hand. She has talked to me of nothing but her love for him. Alyosha clasped his hands. "Come back, Ivan! I've made inquiries about his victim, and find he is quite a poor man. His name is Snegiryov. He will be sure to take it.... Good- by!" I am never for the women in such cases. "To whom, to whom?" But he won't go away. Before leaving, Alyosha would have opened the door to see Lise. What can I tell about such things?" Is this the way to bring them together?" The people of the house, an old cabinet-maker, his son, and his old wife, looked with positive suspicion at Alyosha. "About what business?" the captain interrupted impatiently. muttered Alyosha. He was throwing stones with other schoolboys. There were six of them against him alone. "So your boy is a good boy, he loves his father, and he attacked me as the brother of your assailant.... Now I understand it," he repeated thoughtfully. And he thinks that will be a satisfactory finish, doesn't he?" exclaimed Alyosha. The captain rushed up to her. cried the boy, sitting up in his bed and gazing at his father with glowing eyes. "That's just what has happened. 'Father,' he said, 'what a horrid town this is.' Alyosha felt though that he trusted him, and that if there had been some one else in his, Alyosha's place, the man would not have spoken so openly and would not have told what he had just told. "Ah, how I would like to make friends with your boy!" Alyosha went on. The captain flushed red. She softens even Varvara. But we took her money and lived on it, so now she has nothing to go back with. cried Alyosha.
The Engagement   Madame Hohlakov was again the first to meet Alyosha. She had not time to listen. She begged him to sit with Lise and wait for her there. She has never been really sorry for laughing at me, but has only made a joke of it. Alyosha went in. He spoke with deep feeling, under the influence of the strong impression he had just received, and he succeeded in telling his story well and circumstantially. Now they both felt suddenly transported to the old days in Moscow, two years before. But now he has gone home awfully proud and triumphant, though he knows he has 'ruined himself.' Lise clapped her hands. In deciding so certainly that he will take the money?" "I kiss his hand and he says, 'What a good thing!' Why, that's impertinence--that's what it is." "Like a martyr? "Listen, Alyosha. What sort of suit? "I told a lie so as not to give you back the letter. "And, Alyosha, will you give in to me? We must decide that too." What about? Christ be with you!" "Alexey Fyodorovitch, this is awful. asked Alyosha. And a more serious matter still, what is this letter she has written? Even while he was saying good-by to Lise, the thought had struck him that he must attempt some stratagem to find his brother Dmitri, who was evidently keeping out of his way. said Smerdyakov curtly. "And when an enemy comes, who is going to defend us?" He is mistaken there. He doesn't know how to do anything, and yet he is respected by every one. "How so?" Alyosha explained. he asked, looking at Alyosha. He says if I let Agrafena Alexandrovna in and she passes the night there, I'll be the first to suffer for it. Perhaps at this moment he is in the restaurant with Ivan Fyodorovitch, for Ivan Fyodorovitch has not been home to dinner and Fyodor Pavlovitch dined alone an hour ago, and is gone to lie down. The Brothers Make Friends   Ivan was not, however, in a separate room, but only in a place shut off by a screen, so that it was unseen by other people in the room. "Very. laughed Ivan. Is it true that you mean to leave the monastery?" Father doesn't want to turn aside from his cup till he is seventy, he dreams of hanging on to eighty in fact, so he says. Have you seen Dmitri to-day?" "But he begged me not to tell Dmitri that he had told me about him," added Alyosha. asked Alyosha. "What of Dmitri and father? By the way, how is she now? laughed Ivan. Is that it?" Alyosha looked searchingly at his brother. You know, dear boy, there was an old sinner in the eighteenth century who declared that, if there were no God, he would have to be invented. It's not that I don't accept God, you must understand, it's the world created by Him I don't and cannot accept. "You will explain why you don't accept the world?" said Alyosha. "I could never understand how one can love one's neighbors. He was God. But enough of that. Are you fond of children, Alyosha? If they, too, suffer horribly on earth, they must suffer for their fathers' sins, they must be punished for their fathers, who have eaten the apple; but that reasoning is of the other world and is incomprehensible for the heart of man here on earth. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it. asked Alyosha. "I think if the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness." observed Alyosha.  " They brought him up to work for them. But that's only a horse, and God has given horses to be beaten. But men, too, can be beaten. A father corrects his child. Speak, Alyosha!" cried Ivan. And if it is really true that they must share responsibility for all their fathers' crimes, such a truth is not of this world and is beyond my comprehension. By their being avenged? I would rather be left with the unavenged suffering. "You wrote a poem?" Her conversation with God is immensely interesting. But humanity awaits him with the same faith and with the same love. 'It is He--it is He!' All that matters is that the old man should speak out, should speak openly of what he has thought in silence for ninety years." Was this Thy freedom?' asked Alyosha. That deception will be our suffering, for we shall be forced to lie.  " Didst Thou forget that man prefers peace, and even death, to freedom of choice in the knowledge of good and evil? Mankind as a whole has always striven to organize a universal state. We shall show them that they are weak, that they are only pitiful children, but that childlike happiness is the sweetest of all. Is that the way to understand it? Is that Father Paissy's teaching?" "What if it is so! Is not that tragic? broke suddenly from Alyosha. he asked, suddenly looking down. "And the old man?" "The kiss glows in his heart, but the old man adheres to his idea." Ivan laughed. "What strength?" "In the Karamazov way, again." "Yes, if you like, 'everything is lawful' since the word has been said. "That's plagiarism," cried Ivan, highly delighted. He suddenly noticed that Ivan swayed as he walked and that his right shoulder looked lower than his left. Alyosha wondered. Yes, yes, that he is, Pater Seraphicus, he will save me--from him and for ever!" Several times afterwards he wondered how he could on leaving Ivan so completely forget his brother Dmitri, though he had that morning, only a few hours before, so firmly resolved to find him and not to give up doing so, even should he be unable to return to the monastery that night. For Awhile A Very Obscure One   And Ivan, on parting from Alyosha, went home to Fyodor Pavlovitch's house. he wondered. Better not think, perhaps." On a bench in the gateway the valet Smerdyakov was sitting enjoying the coolness of the evening, and at the first glance at him Ivan knew that the valet Smerdyakov was on his mind, and that it was this man that his soul loathed. he wondered, with insufferable irritation. Perhaps this hatred was accentuated by the fact that when Ivan first came to the neighborhood he had felt quite differently. But Smerdyakov rose from the bench, and from that action alone, Ivan knew instantly that he wanted particularly to talk to him. You won't pass by; you see that we two clever people have something to say to each other." So at least it seemed to Ivan. At last he moved to get up. When will she come?' Will she come soon?' Why did you begin to spy for Dmitri Fyodorovitch?" "What signals? Then he will understand that something has happened suddenly and that I must see him, and he will open to me so that I can go and speak to him. And as for Grigory Vassilyevitch hearing him and not admitting him, he has been ill ever since yesterday, and Marfa Ignatyevna intends to give him medicine to-morrow. He might have killed him yesterday on account of Grushenka, like the frantic, savage fool he is, but he won't steal." "He is in very great need of money now--the greatest need, Ivan Fyodorovitch. and passed by, trying not even to look at his father. he promptly asked Smerdyakov, who had followed Ivan. "Angry about something. And why he had done all this, why he was listening, he could not have said. Greeting his father affably, and even inquiring specially after his health, though he did not wait to hear his answer to the end, he announced that he was starting off in an hour to return to Moscow for good, and begged him to send for the horses. He is a liar. Sometimes he tells such lies that you wonder why he is doing it. If his beard shakes when he talks and he gets cross, it's all right, he is saying what he means, he wants to do business. All that is wanted is to see whether the man is in earnest. Of Dmitri, for instance, he did not say a word. Ivan noticed this particularly. "Good-by, Ivan! He remembered it long after. "Why is it worth while speaking to a clever man? Will any one of you be going to the town to-morrow?" At seven o'clock Ivan got into the train and set off to Moscow "Away with the past.
Father Zossima And His Visitors   When with an anxious and aching heart Alyosha went into his elder's cell, he stood still almost astonished. Alyosha went up to him, bowed down before him to the ground and wept. "Come, don't weep over me yet," Father Zossima smiled, laying his right hand on his head. "Get up, my dear boy," the elder went on to Alyosha. It seemed strange to Alyosha that he asked so confidently and precisely, about one of his brothers only--but which one? Then perhaps he had sent him out both yesterday and to-day for the sake of that brother. he turned to the novice who waited on him. In his account, Father Zossima's talk goes on without interruption, as though he told his life to his friends in the form of a story, though there is no doubt, from other accounts of it, that the conversation that evening was general. He was eight years older than I was, of hasty irritable temperament, but kind-hearted and never ironical. He was remarkably silent, especially at home with me, his mother, and the servants. This made him angry, and he said something profane about the church. "His end must be near," she thought, "if there's such a change in him." But he was not able to go to church long, he took to his bed, so he had to confess and take the sacrament at home. "Months and years!" He was fully conscious though he could not talk; up to his last hour he did not change. There was a great deal of talk even in the town about his death. What a book the Bible is, what a miracle, what strength is given with it to man! It is like a mold cast of the world and man and human nature, everything is there, and a law for everything for all the ages. And what mysteries are solved and revealed! But how could he love those new ones when those first children are no more, when he has lost them? But he could, he could. One who does not believe in God will not believe in God's people. The Duel   _(c) Recollections of Father Zossima's Youth before he became a Monk. Then, all of a sudden, we were ordered off for two months to another district. "What's the meaning of it?" He looked at me. "But not in a duel," cried my second again. "Yes, but he was afraid of his other shot and begged for forgiveness." It was the same thing with the society of the town. He sat down. In spite of that I became very fond of him and spoke with perfect frankness to him about all my feelings; "for," thought I, "what need have I to know his secrets, since I can see without that that he is a good man? He fell passionately in love with her, declared his feeling and tried to persuade her to marry him. The man knew--indeed his mistress did not conceal the fact--that having to send one of her serfs as a recruit she had decided to send him, as he had no relations and his conduct was unsatisfactory. They arrested him, and he was tried for the murder; but a week after the arrest, the prisoner fell sick of a fever and died unconscious in the hospital. At last, however, he began brooding over the past, and the strain of it was too much for him. He was respected in society for his active benevolence, though every one was overawed by his stern and gloomy character. He confessed to me that he had thoughts of killing himself. "Go!" And far from looking at him with indiscreet curiosity, I was afraid to look at him at all. "Decide my fate!" He went away. And he went out. After dinner he walked into the middle of the room, with a paper in his hand--a formal declaration to the chief of his department who was present. It contained a full account of the crime, in every detail. Five days later, all had heard that he was ill and that his life was in danger. But it became known that the doctors had been induced by his wife to investigate his mental condition also, and had come to the conclusion that it was a case of insanity. They let me see him at last, he insisted upon saying good-by to me. I ask you is such a man free? For how can a man shake off his habits? He is isolated, and what concern has he with the rest of humanity? The salvation of Russia comes from the people. And the Russian monk has always been on the side of the people. The spirit of isolation is coming upon the people too. All from drunkenness! He took me home with him. It is impossible that there should be no servants in the world, but act so that your servant may be freer in spirit than if he were not a servant. That's the nature of the man. _(h) Can a Man judge his Fellow Creatures? For no one can judge a criminal, until he recognizes that he is just such a criminal as the man standing before him, and that he perhaps is more than all men to blame for that crime. Men are always saved after the death of the deliverer. Seek no reward, for great is your reward on this earth: the spiritual joy which is only vouchsafed to the righteous man. Love all men, love everything. They talk of hell fire in the material sense. But they are never satisfied, and they refuse forgiveness, they curse God Who calls them. But though suffering, he still looked at them with a smile, sank slowly from his chair on to his knees, then bowed his face to the ground, stretched out his arms and as though in joyful ecstasy, praying and kissing the ground, quietly and joyfully gave up his soul to God. By the morning all the town was talking of the event, and crowds were flocking from the town to the monastery.
The Breath Of Corruption   The body of Father Zossima was prepared for burial according to the established ritual. The reading was begun by Father Iosif immediately after the requiem service. When it was fully daylight, some people began bringing their sick, in most cases children, with them from the town--as though they had been waiting expressly for this moment to do so, evidently persuaded that the dead elder's remains had a power of healing, which would be immediately made manifest in accordance with their faith. And those who came were far from being all of the humbler classes. Another memory cherished in the monastery was that of the famous Father Varsonofy, who was only recently dead and had preceded Father Zossima in the eldership. He was reverenced during his lifetime as a crazy saint by all the pilgrims to the monastery. That, I believe, was why many people were extremely delighted at the smell of decomposition which came so quickly, for not a day had passed since his death. It was meant for a sign. added others. "But he gained that glory not because he was an elder, but because he was a holy man." could be heard among some of the envious. "Yes, clearly Father Ferapont was right in his judgment yesterday," and at that moment Father Ferapont himself made his appearance, as though on purpose to increase the confusion. And if he does not go to church, it's because he knows when he ought to; he has his own rule." As every one was aware, Father Ferapont particularly disliked Father Zossima. For they felt with a certain awe, in spite of their audacity, that he had not come for nothing. His feet were bare. Father Paissy paused in his reading, stepped forward and stood before him waiting. What is your faith?" "And who can say of himself 'I am holy'? Can you, Father?" In that we see a great sign from God." "My God has conquered! "This is the one who is a saint! In the crowd thronging at the entrance to the cell, he had noticed Alyosha and he remembered that he had felt at once a pang at heart on seeing him. And this is even truer in youth, for a young man who is always sensible is to be suspected and is of little worth--that's my opinion! What for? Who could have decreed this? But there.... Alyosha did not answer. You are going it! Come to my place.... She is angry too. "Let's go to Grushenka," Alyosha answered calmly, at once, and this prompt and calm agreement was such a surprise to Rakitin that he almost started back. And indeed it was not to please Grushenka he was taking Alyosha to her. He helped Grushenka with his advice to increase her capital and put business in her way. muttered Rakitin, leading Alyosha into the drawing-room. Who is this with you? she exclaimed, recognizing Alyosha. She drew the heavy curtains herself. Rakitin looked her up and down. Such a visitor! Good heavens, can you have come here to see me! she chattered on again. Ugh, Rakitin is such a one to take offense!" laughed Grushenka. You won't be angry? That was what instinctively surprised him. "You don't say so! She sent for me, she wanted to make a conquest of me, to win me over with her chocolate.... No, it's a good thing it did end like that." She smiled again. "Alyosha, she is really afraid of a chicken like you." "He is a chicken to you, Rakitin ... because you've no conscience, that's what it is! If Alyosha has some, I will." "His elder died to-day, Father Zossima, the saint." "So Father Zossima is dead," cried Grushenka. She crossed herself devoutly. Alyosha bent a long wondering look upon her and a light seemed to dawn in his face. "She has saved you, it seems," laughed Rakitin spitefully. "And she meant to get you in her clutches, do you realize that?" Grushenka jumped up. "They are both crazy," said Rakitin, looking at them with amazement. "An onion? And he began cautiously pulling her out. But she was a very wicked woman and she began kicking them. Listen, Alyosha. Till that moment he had thought it discreet not to contradict Grushenka too flatly in spite of her snubbing, since he had something to get out of her. "You should love people without a reason, as Alyosha does." "How does he love you? I wanted to so much, that I bribed Rakitin to bring you. And now that man who wronged me has come; I sit here waiting for a message from him. And do you know what that man has been to me? She wounded you, but don't be angry. But Rakitin looked at him ironically and Alyosha stopped short. cried Alyosha, with tears in his voice. The man who has wronged her has come back, he sends for her and she forgives him everything, and hastens joyfully to meet him and she won't take a knife with her. She won't! This soul is not yet at peace with itself, one must be tender with it ... there may be a treasure in that soul...."  Alyosha stopped, because he caught his breath. Why, are you in love with her? Grushenka lifted her head from the pillow and looked at Alyosha with a tender smile shining on her tear-stained face. "Let him alone, Alyosha, my cherub; you see what he is, he is not a person for you to speak to. "He can hardly spend the night with you! Though if he wants to, let him! Grushenka snatched the letter from her and carried it to the candle. Good-by, Alyosha, my fate is sealed. She suddenly left them and ran into her bedroom. Again Alyosha seemed not to hear. What's that?... "There is happiness for her, too.... She has gone to the feast.... No, she has not taken the knife.... That was only a tragic phrase.... Well ... tragic phrases should be forgiven, they must be. Ah, that sweet miracle! The elder raised Alyosha by the hand and he rose from his knees. "Do not fear Him. He is expecting new guests, He is calling new ones unceasingly for ever and ever.... He did not know why he embraced it.
Though Grushenka had, it is true, loved him for an hour, genuinely and sincerely, yet she tortured him sometimes cruelly and mercilessly. The worst of it was that he could never tell what she meant to do. For him the whole tormenting question lay between him and Fyodor Pavlovitch. It is true that of late Grushenka had been very silent about it. I have just come to terms with Fyodor Pavlovitch. That must be said to his credit. This is how it was he pitched first on a perfectly wild enterprise. Though Mitya knew the merchant by sight, he was not acquainted with him and had never spoken a word to him. Was he going to make a row? he muttered, with a pale smile. But if you like, there is a man here you might apply to." Who is it? He is a peasant, he does business in timber. His name is Lyagavy. "No need of thanks." "To be sure!" Or--the old man was laughing at him. He was a cold, spiteful and sarcastic man, liable to violent antipathies. (He was still in a state of ecstasy.) He was a very cautious man, though not old. He inquired, however, with surprise, why he called the peasant-trader Gorstkin, Lyagavy, and obligingly explained to Mitya that, though the man's name really was Lyagavy, he was never called so, as he would be grievously offended at the name, and that he must be sure to call him Gorstkin, "or you'll do nothing with him; he won't even listen to you," said the priest in conclusion. He hurried, striding along, and only when he reached Suhoy Possyolok did he realize that they had come not one verst, nor one and a half, but at least three. What am I to do? What am I to do?" he wondered. But his head ached more and more. You wrote to Samsonov, and he has sent me to you," Mitya gasped breathlessly. I'm Karamazov, Dmitri Karamazov. What if she--? Another time Mitya might have killed the fool in a fury, but now he felt as weak as a child. The truly jealous man is not like that. It is not so with the really jealous man. I've studied your gait and come to the conclusion: that's a man who would find gold." "From my gait, madam?" "But the money? "She has been there, sir. Went away?" He ran with all his might to the house where Grushenka lived. "You're lying!" She's there!" "Is she here or not?" "Grushenka, is it you? "He's alone." Mechanically he stepped into the garden. In Mitya's hands was a brass pestle, and he flung it mechanically in the grass. He remembered taking out of his pocket the clean white handkerchief with which he had provided himself for his visit to Madame Hohlakov, and putting it to the old man's head, senselessly trying to wipe the blood from his face and temples. "Good heavens! he added, hopelessly. Where is she? With whom is she now, at Mokroe?" "That's human blood, and my God! "He will, I see he will! They know what I had then." "Would you like to go to the mines, Perhotin? Try and find out." That's what he says." I want to live. Last time I drove with Timofey, but Timofey now has gone on before me with the witch. "I warrant the time, Dmitri Fyodorovitch. Not more than an hour! "Who does like it? I want to!" He'll marry Agrafena Alexandrovna now. "The pistols? "I've heard of that officer, Grushenka's former flame. Well, if he has turned up.... Ech, those pistols! They left off playing. damn it, is it my business to look after them?" Well, I will knock them up, I will!" But as he flew through the night, he felt no envy, no hostility even, for the man who had been her first lover.... "Poor sort of a feast! Nothing to boast of, Dmitri Fyodorovitch." How is she?" "Is she cheerful? Is she laughing?" I've forgotten his name." "Kalganov." He caught his breath. shrieked Grushenka, the first to notice him. She was watching him with intense curiosity and still some uneasiness. interrupted Grushenka. He flushed. All he understood, with thrilling heart, was that she was kind to him, that she had forgiven him, and made him sit by her. "Polish women?" What's he scolding about?" He he!" "Is it possible?" She settled my business with that. Grushenka flew at him with evident intention of finding fault. "To Russia! he shouted again. Don't quarrel! Grushenka scolded with angry annoyance. asked Grushenka. "I'll stake something at faro, too, he he!" "On the double!" He may be right. "And the money, _panie_?" he asked ironically. "This is a mortal insult!" shrieked Grushenka. And he did actually refuse the money?" He took it!" It might be his father! But he won't come back, no fear of that!..." she asked. "Nothing.... He was, in fact, drunk, and had dropped asleep for a moment, sitting on the sofa. "Look how pretty he is," said Grushenka, taking Mitya up to him. Grushenka laughed. He he!" passed through his mind. "O God! I would restore the stolen money. He jumped up and ran back to the room--to her, to her, his queen for ever! "To her, to her alone, to see her, to hear her, to think of nothing, to forget everything, if only for that night, for an hour, for a moment!" Seeing Mitya, she beckoned him to her, and when he ran to her, she grasped his hand tightly. At first I thought he was ashamed to talk before his great big Pole. Who is that man? that's the man you love!' What's he afraid of? In another minute she might have cried. "Give him something, Mitya," said Grushenka. Let them look on, too...."  Mitya walked with a drunken swagger to the locked door, and began knocking to the Poles with his fist. It's delirium!..."
He began questioning her and at once learnt the most vital fact, that is, that when Dmitri Fyodorovitch had run out to look for Grushenka, he had snatched up a pestle from the mortar, and that when he returned, the pestle was not with him and his hands were smeared with blood. It would make a scandal. Yet he kept cursing himself, of course, all the way for going to this lady, but "I will get to the bottom of it, I will!" If she won't, she won't." She went away. Madame Hohlakov herself was already in her bedroom, though not yet asleep. I--"  "Murder! "Good God! He must have killed his old father!" "But if he has killed him already?" Pyotr Ilyitch got up, and announced that he was going straight to the police captain, to tell him all about it, and leave him to do what he thought fit. Such precision! "Such sense! such exactness! The doctor, from the very nature of his being, could not spend an evening except at cards. Pyotr Ilyitch was met with the astounding news that old Fyodor Pavlovitch really had been murdered that evening in his own house, murdered and robbed. She ran to the steps and timidly called him. She got no answer, of course, but she caught the sound of groans far away in the garden in the darkness. She listened. "Good Lord! she thought distractedly. Marfa!" She noticed at once that he was covered with blood, and screamed at the top of her voice. They got him up immediately and all three ran to the scene of the crime. And when they returned to Grigory, the old man told them to go straight to the police captain. There were three seals of red sealing-wax on the envelope, but it had been torn open and was empty: the money had been removed. So they must make haste to Mokroe to find the criminal, before he really did shoot himself. I meant to kill him. But who has killed my father, who has killed him? He is alive, he has recovered, and in spite of the terrible blows inflicted, according to his own and your evidence, by you, there seems no doubt that he will live, so the doctor says, at least." Stay, stay, write this. Of disorderly conduct I am guilty, of violence on a poor old man I am guilty. That's a wild idea. "What is there to explain, gentlemen?" He was seized by the arms. She is my light, she is my holy one, and if only you knew! It's with me, you know, like the saying: 'When he is sober, he is a fool; when he is drunk, he is a wise man.' To nothing! Is there?" (He had completely realized by now that he had been fooled.) Then, after describing his journey to see Lyagavy, the night spent in the stifling hut, and so on, he came to his return to the town. "Yes, it is. "That is perfectly clear. He told them exactly what every tap on the window meant, tapped the signals on the table, and when Nikolay Parfenovitch said that he supposed he, Mitya, had tapped the signal "Grushenka has come," when he tapped to his father, he answered precisely that he had tapped that signal, that "Grushenka had come." Write down about Heaven. "He is suspected, too." It's not his doing, gentlemen." Because Smerdyakov is a man of the most abject character and a coward. He has the heart of a chicken. When he talked to me, he was always trembling for fear I should kill him, though I never raised my hand against him. he added suddenly, after a pause. After resting, he went on with his story. "And the pestle?" "Help!... Yes, perhaps I did want to help him.... And now he's recovered." He proceeded to do so, but we won't repeat his story. And this time the lawyers did not worry him much. Who will search them?" "That is, what blood? "He thinks of me as a puppy," thought Mitya, gnashing his teeth. "He understands that, and is sorry ... I'll say no more. Call your witnesses!" He does not waver. "Gentlemen, it's Smerdyakov!" he shouted suddenly, at the top of his voice. He's robbed him! It's absurd! What does Smerdyakov say? What does Smerdyakov say? "Very well!" "I will tell you my secret. I'll reveal my shame, that I may not have to blame myself or you hereafter." "Last night? "Absolutely no one. "Why?" Well, what of that alternative? It's absurd to ask. In despair he hid his face in his hands. I believe I didn't tear it off anything. He bent his head, and hid his face in his hands. But she? The Babe   The examination of the witnesses began. A scoundrel! He would have put his lawyers, Poles and Jews, on to the job, and might have got, not three thousand, but the whole property out of the old man." "And did you believe he would do it?" And to the question where he got the money, she said that he had told her that he had "stolen" it from Katerina Ivanovna, and that she had replied to that that he hadn't stolen it, and that he must pay the money back next day. They proceeded to a final revision of the protocol. "Why are they crying? Why are they crying?" Why don't they hug each other and kiss? Grushenka made a deep bow to Mitya. He was at once surrounded by men who kept a constant watch on him. They ran to look for him. exclaimed the boy in his grief.
When Kolya began going to school, the mother devoted herself to studying all the sciences with him so as to help him, and go through his lessons with him. But the boy could take his own part. He knew how to make even his mother give way to him; he was almost despotic in his control of her. His mother was mistaken; he was very fond of her. Kolya maintained stoutly that he would. The boys rushed to Kolya. Then he explained that he had lain there as though he were insensible to frighten them, but the fact was that he really had lost consciousness, as he confessed long after to his mother. "And does the shot burn?" And Kolya began giving orders to the dog, who performed all his tricks. "Only think, a dog!" "Get along with you!" retorted Agafya, really angry this time. The Schoolboy   But Kolya did not hear her. He had not to wait more than a minute before a rosy-cheeked boy of about eleven, wearing a warm, neat and even stylish coat, darted out to meet him. He was the one who told Alyosha Karamazov about Ilusha. couldn't we do this?" "And how is Ilusha?" "Ah, he is bad, very bad! The whole class seems to be there every day." "And how pleased Ilusha will be to see you! He has no idea that you are coming. He sees that Ilusha's dying. Now he was tremendously interested at Kolya's saying that he was "going of himself" to see Ilusha. "Have you noticed how dogs sniff at one another when they meet? "And what is a Socialist?" It's cold, though." The boys went on. asked Smurov. One has to know how to talk to the peasants." "Don't laugh, Kolya. He turned to the market women with a silly stare. The young man stared at her wildly. "For the Kuzmitchovs?" says he. Who is he? "Let him alone, Kolya. "And if I am?" laughed Kolya. "It is, brother." "One must sniff round a bit first," he observed to Smurov. he grew very slowly, and this sometimes reduced him almost to despair. To Kolya's surprise, Alyosha came out to him just as he was, without an overcoat. "Ilusha is very ill. He is certainly dying." Alyosha looked at Kolya with eyes full of pity. "Is she lost for ever?" I saw the boy was weak and small, but he wouldn't give in to them; he fought with them. And they teased him all the more. He told him to take a piece of bread, to stick a pin in it, and throw it to one of those hungry dogs who snap up anything without biting it, and then to watch and see what would happen. And just then that affair with his father happened. And the wound was a mere scratch. His father and the boys have been hunting all over the town for it. We've all been trying to persuade Ilusha that the dog is alive, that it's been seen. "You've no overcoat on in this bitter cold. "Why so?" Kolya was much pleased with Alyosha. Smurov obeyed. He had not been to school since the day he met Alyosha and bit his finger. Kolya was already by Ilusha's bedside. He raised himself in the bed and looked intently at Kolya. Krassotkin shouted with all his might, in a ringing, happy voice, and bending down he seized the dog and lifted him up to Ilusha. Though he made his home there, they did not feed him. But the pin pricked his tongue, that is why he squealed. Mamma, this is Zhutchka!" cried the other boys, and they began clapping. Only Smurov has known for the last fortnight, but I assured him this dog was called Perezvon and he did not guess. The boys laughed. "Can you really have put off coming all this time simply to train the dog?" "Perezvon! He hurried, because he was happy himself. And Morozov has a taste for such things. The boys gazed in speechless triumph. Kolya picked up the cannon and immediately presented it to Ilusha, together with the powder and the shot. She was so touched that she cried. His father saw it. Kolya looked at him with dignified amazement. What do they do? "Yes, father, he says that and yet he is first in Latin," echoed Ilusha. Alyosha smiled again. cried Alyosha, surprised at last. "I'll wait in the passage and come back when the doctor's gone, I'll come back with Perezvon." "How is this? "Ilusha is dying. He suddenly fancied that Alyosha might think he was trying to show off his knowledge and to prove that he was "grown up." And all of a sudden he felt horribly annoyed. Kolya was particularly struck by Alyosha's apparent diffidence about his opinion of Voltaire. "A Socialist?" I heard that from a ... but never mind." "And have you read Byelinsky?" I've long been eager for this meeting. Alyosha smiled brightly. "He is a schoolboy, doctor, he is a mischievous boy; take no notice of him," said Alyosha, frowning and speaking quickly. "He wants a thrashing, a good thrashing!" "There is only one man in the world who can command Nikolay Krassotkin--this is the man"; Kolya pointed to Alyosha. He was already by Ilusha's bedside. "Ilusha! Ilusha!" "Kolya, you must be sure to keep your word and come, or he will be terribly disappointed," Alyosha said emphatically. He stood before the two and flung up his arms.
asked Alyosha. If only that Pole didn't exist, Alyosha. But she knew that the two Poles had been to ask after her health during her illness. Ah, they are swindlers! "Stay, Alyosha, hush! "They have a secret, they have a secret! Alyosha, darling, go to him and find out what their secret is and come and tell me," Grushenka besought him with sudden eagerness. It's all Katerina, it all comes from her. She is this and that, and that means that I am not. Ivan is not in love with Katerina Ivanovna, I think." And again she cried bitterly. Alyosha shook hands with her. He was sorry to leave her in such a state of mind, but he was in haste. Since the death of Father Zossima--God rest his soul!" Alyosha made haste to thank her, and said that he had only just had coffee. I can't be angry with him. But he says that on purpose. the words come of themselves!" "Grigory?" cried Alyosha. She laughed. It's a question of life and death!" "Yes, it is better." What will they do to one in the next world for the greatest sin? "Why? "Loves his having killed his father?" "That person behaved honorably," Alyosha murmured. He is very ill now, too, Lise." "Only he does not believe any one. And she slammed the door quickly. But Alyosha knew that he would be admitted without difficulty. His first horror had been succeeded by pity. asked Alyosha, wondering. "But what is the matter?" "He wants to write an article about me, about my case, and so begin his literary career. Here it is. God will kill him, you will see. A new man has risen up in me. Ivan is not Rakitin, there is an idea in him. Ivan is a sphinx and is silent; he is always silent. What if He doesn't exist? Well, only a sniveling idiot can maintain that. Ivan has no God. He has an idea. That was what he dropped. I told him all about it. he exclaimed suddenly, with tears. Perhaps it's you that is superior and not Ivan. Ivan thinks not. Ivan says that in America, 'with the good-will,' I can be of more use than underground. And he was going to Ivan. He asks me to spare--whom? It was you, you who persuaded me that he murdered his father. "Follow him! He turned quickly on Alyosha, seeing that he was running after him. Don't go on about her. "She is suffering. "No, Ivan. God has sent me to tell you so." "Do you know that he visits me? The First Interview With Smerdyakov   This was the third time that Ivan had been to see Smerdyakov since his return from Moscow. Ivan had only returned five days after his father's death, so that he was not present at the funeral, which took place the day before he came back. By the way, let us say a word or two of Ivan's feeling to his brother Dmitri. Ivan looked with indignation on Katerina Ivanovna's love for his brother. But when he gave his evidence to the investigating lawyer Ivan said nothing, for the time, of that conversation. "Can you talk to me?" asked Ivan. Smerdyakov sighed. "And the cellar? Dmitri might kill him, but that he would steal--I did not believe that then.... Is that likely? he went out of the hospital. His chief feeling was one of relief at the fact that it was not Smerdyakov, but Mitya, who had committed the murder, though he might have been expected to feel the opposite. "Thanks," snapped Ivan, and, leaving Alyosha, he went quickly on his way. Ivan asked sternly and impulsively. "How? He is not guilty, anyway. What for? I wanted the murder, I did want the murder! I must kill Smerdyakov! Ivan did not go home, but went straight to Katerina Ivanovna and alarmed her by his appearance. This was the document of which Ivan spoke to Alyosha later on as a "conclusive proof" that Dmitri had killed his father. I will murder the man who's robbed me! Dmitri is not a thief! When Ivan read this "document" he was convinced. So then it was his brother, not Smerdyakov. He was partly impelled to do this by a sore place still left in his heart from a phrase of Smerdyakov's, that it was to his, Ivan's, advantage that his brother should be convicted, as that would increase his inheritance and Alyosha's from forty to sixty thousand roubles. It was _she_, she, who had produced that "document" and proved his brother's guilt. Ivan stepped up to him. "He will be frozen," thought Ivan, and he went on his way to Smerdyakov's. Ivan opened the door and stepped into the room. "Yes, she has. "Is this because the trial begins to- morrow? "Who is he? The book was _The Sayings of the Holy Father Isaac the Syrian_. sighed Smerdyakov. Everything, as it happened. He knew about the knocks, that was the chief thing. "Stop ... How will you explain that now?" Smerdyakov looked resolutely at Ivan. Ivan felt that. Where is she?' He suddenly believed it; he was all of a shake--he was awfully crazy about her--and he leaned right out of the window. He only sank down suddenly, and I hit him again and a third time. "Well ... well, it was the devil helped you!" Ivan cried again. Smerdyakov waved his hand again. Ivan rose from his seat. he added, with a bitter smile. Ivan seized him and lifted him in his arms. "Don't talk of Alyosha! Ivan said through his clenched teeth. It's that, that we must begin with. Ivan wanted to rush to the window, but something seemed to fetter his arms and legs. cried Ivan. When Alyosha ran with her to the cottage, he found Smerdyakov still hanging. "I knew he had hanged himself." "Who is _he_?" asked Alyosha. "The devil! "I like Lise. Yes, she thinks that! "He has worn you out," said Alyosha, looking compassionately at his brother. What is conscience? "That's what he says, he, and he knows it. He said that about me. 'And do you know you are longing for their praise--"he is a criminal, a murderer, but what a generous soul; he wanted to save his brother and he confessed." Alyosha entreated him. Alyosha smiled softly.
This became evident at the trial this day. In brief, there was a great deal of talk. People laughed particularly at his passion for psychology. One could have heard a fly. The news of Smerdyakov's death produced a sudden stir and whisper in the court. Many of the audience, of course, had not heard of the sudden suicide. "I plead guilty to drunkenness and dissipation," he exclaimed, again in a startling, almost frenzied, voice, "to idleness and debauchery. I only know that the witnesses for the prosecution were called first. The President made a movement. (There was again laughter in the court.) The two latter appeared also as witnesses for the prosecution. He, he!" asked the prosecutor. "Yet you gave evidence against him?" I believe absolutely that my brother is innocent, and if he didn't commit the murder, then--"  "Then Smerdyakov? On his asking Alyosha when it was that the prisoner had told him of his hatred for his father and that he might kill him, and whether he had heard it, for instance, at their last meeting before the catastrophe, Alyosha started as he answered, as though only just recollecting and understanding something. And when he was arrested at Mokroe he cried out--I know, I was told it--that he considered it the most disgraceful act of his life that when he had the means of repaying Katerina Ivanovna half (half, note!) "The case" was thrown into quite a different light. As for him.... "To whom are you referring as 'that wicked wretch'?" He is not the man to tell a lie." Rakitin?" "How could this money have come into your possession if it is the same money?" He suddenly clutched his head. He is a monster! And last night he learnt that Smerdyakov was dead! She had sacrificed herself in terror for him, conceiving all of a sudden that he had ruined himself by his confession that it was he who had committed the murder, not his brother, she had sacrificed herself to save him, to save his good name, his reputation! She betrayed Mitya, but she betrayed herself, too. The letter produced by Katerina Ivanovna was added to the material proofs. Think of that unhappy, vicious, unbridled old man, who has met with such a melancholy end, the head of a family! He had no feelings for his duties as a father. "He is the prisoner before us. He could just as well have said then that he was not a thief, because he brought back fourteen hundred roubles. She grew sarcastic and resentful against society.' If not, he flies into a rage and smashes up everything in the tavern. [Then followed the anecdote about Captain Snegiryov.] The proof of premeditation is conclusive; the crime must have been committed for the sake of the money, that is stated clearly, that is written and signed. Why that? The younger brother has admitted that he has not the slightest fact to support his notion of Smerdyakov's guilt, and has only been led to that conclusion from the prisoner's own words and the expression of his face. That is all the evidence against Smerdyakov produced by these three persons, who are all deeply concerned in the prisoner's fate. And yet the theory of Smerdyakov's guilt has been noised about, has been and is still maintained. Yet are we to believe that, though plotting the murder, he told that son, Dmitri, about the money, the envelope, and the signals? Supposing that he did agree, it would still follow that Dmitri Karamazov is the murderer and the instigator, and Smerdyakov is only a passive accomplice, and not even an accomplice, but merely acquiesced against his will through terror. 'He did it alone,' he says. 'He murdered and robbed him. But in that case he would have been certain to make a confession, yet he has not done so. But that he did not add. "The money alone is no proof. I will take a roll of notes and say that Smerdyakov gave them me before his death.' For a moment, oh, only for a moment! Then there will be a turning into another street and only at the end of that street the dread place of execution! In any case he was at her side, on his knees before her, she was lying on the bed, he had his hands stretched out to her and he had so entirely forgotten everything that he did not even hear the men coming to arrest him. 'Blood! 'I am not guilty of my father's death.' Do not tempt them! "He is a nervous man." "She is a general's wife, divorced, I know her." He is afraid of them." "Yes, and he is afraid of the lawyer, too." The Speech For The Defense. But profound as psychology is, it's a knife that cuts both ways." (Laughter among the public.) Why is it out of the question? The prosecutor is charmed with his own romance. And the very fact that the witness gave her first evidence incorrectly, gives us a right to conclude that her second piece of evidence may have been incorrect also. Is that proved? How does it follow that because he was there he committed the murder? "The court has resolved to go on with the trial, but, meantime, I might make a few remarks about the character-sketch of Smerdyakov drawn with subtlety and talent by the prosecutor. Oh, beware of showing an ambitious and envious man a large sum of money at once! But it is very easy to point out that moment. But it's not an ordinary case of murder, it's a case of parricide. How can such a prisoner be acquitted? He is uncontrolled, he is wild and unruly--we are trying him now for that--but who is responsible for his life? he asks, wondering more and more. That is what he will say, gentlemen of the jury. "He is a man with brains." "But he never speaks." And, besides, he was in such a frenzy.... "That makes no difference. "He he he!"
He must escape. It was about that plan of escape. So he came to the court ... But he dreaded that moment and longed to spare her. But that man in prison is incapable of suffering," Katya concluded irritably. "It can and ought to be!" He does not ask your forgiveness--'It's impossible to forgive me,' he says himself--but only that you would show yourself in his doorway." "Better suffer all my life." Alyosha got up to go. But only Alyosha and Grushenka had visited Mitya. He seemed to be more at ease with Grushenka than with Alyosha. "Ivan has a strong constitution, and I, too, believe there's every hope that he will get well," Alyosha observed anxiously. For some they are impossible. Katya whispered rapidly, and she ran out of the room. "Alyosha, run after her!" She would not forgive me.... I like her for that!" Ilusha's Funeral. "Ilusha told me to, Ilusha," he explained at once to Alyosha. One of the boys observed that it was awkward for him to crumble the bread with the flowers in his hands and suggested he should give them to some one to hold for a time. And so in the first place, we will remember him, boys, all our lives. "For ever!" "Well, now we will finish talking and go to his funeral dinner. 3 Grushenka.
The History Of A Family Chapter I. Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov   Alexey Fyodorovitch Karamazov was the third son of Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov, a land owner well known in our district in his own day, and still remembered among us owing to his gloomy and tragic death, which happened thirteen years ago, and which I shall describe in its proper place. He was married twice, and had three sons, the eldest, Dmitri, by his first wife, and two, Ivan and Alexey, by his second. Fyodor Pavlovitch's first wife, Adelaida Ivanovna, belonged to a fairly rich and distinguished noble family, also landowners in our district, the Miuesovs. This was, perhaps, a unique case of the kind in the life of Fyodor Pavlovitch, who was always of a voluptuous temper, and ready to run after any petticoat on the slightest encouragement. Fyodor Pavlovitch at once began bustling about, making preparations to go to Petersburg, with what object he could not himself have said. And just at that time his wife's family received the news of her death in Petersburg.
But a cousin of Mitya's mother, Pyotr Alexandrovitch Miuesov, happened to return from Paris. Pyotr Alexandrovitch carried the business through vigorously, and was appointed, with Fyodor Pavlovitch, joint guardian of the child, who had a small property, a house and land, left him by his mother. The Moscow lady died, and Mitya passed into the care of one of her married daughters. He spent an irregular boyhood and youth. So Fyodor Pavlovitch began to take advantage of this fact, sending him from time to time small doles, installments. In the end, when four years later, Mitya, losing patience, came a second time to our little town to settle up once for all with his father, it turned out to his amazement that he had nothing, that it was difficult to get an account even, that he had received the whole value of his property in sums of money from Fyodor Pavlovitch, and was perhaps even in debt to him, that by various agreements into which he had, of his own desire, entered at various previous dates, he had no right to expect anything more, and so on, and so on.
Chapter III. Sofya Ivanovna was the daughter of an obscure deacon, and was left from childhood an orphan without relations. She grew up in the house of a general's widow, a wealthy old lady of good position, who was at once her benefactress and tormentor. But again, as in his first marriage, he proposed an elopement to the orphan girl. So the poor child exchanged a benefactress for a benefactor. Yet she bore Fyodor Pavlovitch two sons, Ivan and Alexey, the eldest in the first year of marriage and the second three years later. God has punished her for her ingratitude." Exactly three months after Sofya Ivanovna's death the general's widow suddenly appeared in our town, and went straight to Fyodor Pavlovitch's house. It was evening. The principal heir, Yefim Petrovitch Polenov, the Marshal of Nobility of the province, turned out, however, to be an honest man. And to Yefim Petrovitch, a man of a generosity and humanity rarely to be met with, the young people were more indebted for their education and bringing up than to any one. The article dealt with a subject which was being debated everywhere at the time--the position of the ecclesiastical courts. After discussing several opinions on the subject he went on to explain his own view. And just then it was that the author himself made his appearance among us. They get on so well together!" Yes, he had been for the last year in our monastery, and seemed willing to be cloistered there for the rest of his life.
He never tried to show off among his schoolfellows. At the time of Yefim Petrovitch's death Alyosha had two more years to complete at the provincial gymnasium. They were sorry and unwilling to let him go. He finally returned to our town only three years before Alyosha's arrival. He had put it up on the poor "crazy woman's" grave at his own expense, after Fyodor Pavlovitch, whom he had often pestered about the grave, had gone to Odessa, abandoning the grave and all his memories. Alyosha showed no particular emotion at the sight of his mother's grave. In the evening of the same day he got drunk and abused the monks to Alyosha. Not long after visiting his mother's grave Alyosha suddenly announced that he wanted to enter the monastery, and that the monks were willing to receive him as a novice. He explained that this was his strong desire, and that he was solemnly asking his consent as his father. What of?
The elder Zossima was sixty-five. The elder spoke to them, read a brief prayer over them, blessed them, and dismissed them. That was the dream in Alyosha's heart. Alyosha noticed it with some embarrassment. It was at this time that the discord between Dmitri and his father seemed at its acutest stage and their relations had become insufferably strained. It happened that Pyotr Alexandrovitch Miuesov, who was staying in the district at the time, caught eagerly at the idea. He was suddenly seized with the desire to see the monastery and the holy man. "Who has made me a judge over them?" Alyosha was well aware of that. He only sent word the day before, through a friend, to his brother Dmitri, that he loved him and expected him to keep his promise.
They Arrive At The Monastery   It was a warm, bright day at the end of August. Lifting his hat, he introduced himself with a honeyed lisp as Maximov, a landowner of Tula. I have to go.... This way, this way." "Who is a _chevalier_?" Fyodor Pavlovitch and Miuesov stopped. So we will come to dinner. Thank the Father Superior," he said to the monk. "Here's the hermitage. They are always outside the precincts. But Miuesov had no time to reply to this sarcasm. They were asked to come in.
There were already in the cell, awaiting the elder, two monks of the hermitage, one the Father Librarian, and the other Father Paissy, a very learned man, so they said, in delicate health, though not old. Father Zossima was accompanied by a novice, and by Alyosha. Blessing them, the elder replied with as deep a reverence to them, and asked their blessing. He was ashamed. But, there! "Fyodor Pavlovitch, this is unbearable! I heard your aunt, Pyotr Alexandrovitch, tell the story. he fell suddenly on his knees, "what must I do to gain eternal life?" And close your taverns. "No, not about Diderot. Give me your hand to kiss." "It is, it is pleasant to take offense. You said that so well, as I never heard it before. I was told the story. Pyotr Alexandrovitch Miuesov here, who was so angry just now about Diderot. He it was who told the story." But don't you tell lies all the same," he added, turning to Fyodor Pavlovitch with a good-humored face. Father Zossima was going towards the portico to bless the people waiting for him there. But Fyodor Pavlovitch persisted in stopping him at the door of the cell.
One crazy woman was led up to him. "It's my little son I'm grieving for, Father. He is a driver. And what good is it all to us now? "It is Rachel of old," said the elder, "weeping for her children, and will not be comforted because they are not. What was his name?" It is a sin for you to leave him. Her son Vasenka was in the commissariat service, and had gone to Irkutsk in Siberia. She did inquire about him, but she did not know the proper place to inquire. is it true or false, and would it be right?" It's a great sin, akin to sorcery. Your son is alive, I tell you." The elder sat down on the lower step. "I am a widow these three years," she began in a half-whisper, with a sort of shudder. said the elder, and he put his ear close to her lips. Thinks I, I'll go and see him for myself. You are a good woman.
Chapter IV. I want to love them. You wanted to talk to me again?" But she is still lying down in her chair." "She has a message for you, Alexey Fyodorovitch. the mother went on, holding out her exquisitely gloved hand to Alyosha. Lise assumed an important air. What for?" But she wants to see you at once. And you will go to her, of course. It is a Christian duty." If only for her suffering.... "Lise!" But the elder was no longer watching him. It's all from God. Visit me, Father," he added to the monk. cried the lady. What can one do in such a case? The lady was weeping. "Lise, Lise! Bless her--bless her!" "She does not deserve to be loved. Alyosha, unable to endure her persistent stare, was irresistibly and suddenly drawn to glance at her, and at once she smiled triumphantly in his face. Lise suddenly and quite unexpectedly blushed. He used to come to teach me to read, do you know.
But he seemed almost to be forgotten, and when the elder entered the cell again, he found his guests engaged in eager conversation. It is an article written in answer to a book by an ecclesiastical authority on the question of the ecclesiastical court, and the scope of its jurisdiction." Father Zossima asked Ivan. My clerical opponent maintains that the Church holds a precise and defined position in the State. To play with such words is indefensible. In reality this was bound to happen. That is the gist of my article." But Russian hopes and conceptions demand not that the Church should pass as from a lower into a higher type into the State, but, on the contrary, that the State should end by being worthy to become only the Church and nothing else. Miuesov glanced keenly at him. Father Paissy repeated austerely and reverently.
Chapter VI. Why Is Such A Man Alive? He made him a low bow, and asked his blessing. He must have something interesting to say about that also. Ivan Fyodorovitch added in parenthesis that the whole natural law lies in that faith, and that if you were to destroy in mankind the belief in immortality, not only love but every living force maintaining the life of the world would at once be dried up. Is that so or not?" "Is that really your conviction as to the consequences of the disappearance of the faith in immortality?" "But can it be answered by me? Answered in the affirmative?" He too leapt up. Dmitri is not a stranger to him. Dmitri Fyodorovitch wants to open this fortress with a golden key, and that's why he is insolent to me now, trying to get money from me, though he has wasted thousands on this enchantress already. "He says that to his father! his father! Dmitri frowned painfully, and looked with unutterable contempt at his father. was heard on all sides in the cell. The elder distinctly and deliberately bowed down at Dmitri's feet till his forehead touched the floor. hid his face in his hands, and rushed out of the room. Only the monks went up to him again for a blessing. They were all passing out of the precincts of the hermitage at the moment. As for you, Ivan, stay if you like. And upset besides! Miuesov looked with hatred at Ivan. "Here he is, going to the dinner as though nothing had happened," he thought.
The elder sank exhausted on the bed. Alyosha started. You will have to bear _all_ before you come back. This is my last message to you: in sorrow seek happiness. Mysterious, and perhaps awful. As he hastened out of the hermitage precincts to reach the monastery in time to serve at the Father Superior's dinner, he felt a sudden pang at his heart, and stopped short. Alyosha believed that implicitly. He had told him not to weep, and to leave the monastery. asked Alyosha, overtaking him. "Yes," grinned Rakitin. But there was an object in the performance. Rakitin evidently had something he was eager to speak of. "What crime? That's the first question." In your family sensuality is carried to a disease. "Grushenka? He's a Karamazov, too. And what's more, it's with Mitya's consent. Observe that. He has suddenly gone crazy over Grushenka. Ivan wouldn't be tempted by money." And the beauty of Katerina Ivanovna? "Ivan is above that. cried Rakitin, with undisguised malice. His whole theory is a fraud! It will find it in love for freedom, for equality, for fraternity." cried Rakitin, turning crimson. Is she ... that sort of woman?" You'd better go to the kitchen. Have the Karamazovs been making trouble again? And look, Father Isidor's shouting out something after them from the steps.
He was well aware of his own considerable abilities, and nervously exaggerated them in his self-conceit. They were already waiting when Miuesov, Kalganov, and Ivan arrived. The Father Superior stepped into the middle of the room to receive his guests. It must be noted that he really had meant to go home, and really had felt the impossibility of going to dine with the Father Superior as though nothing had happened, after his disgraceful behavior in the elder's cell. He told the coachman to wait, while with rapid steps he returned to the monastery and straight to the Father Superior's. That is why I came. "Who else? I want to get up again. We know all about them. A kiss on the lips and a dagger in the heart, as in Schiller's _Robbers_. Enough, fathers! Meanwhile, Fyodor Pavlovitch had got into the carriage, and Ivan was about to follow him in grim silence without even turning to say good-by to Alyosha. And how could you get away from the dinner? Let him pass, Ivan. Skip on to the box, von Sohn!" But Ivan, who had by now taken his seat, without a word gave Maximov a violent punch in the breast and sent him flying. "Drive on!"
The lodge was a roomy and solid building in the yard. And in the lodge there were only three servants: old Grigory, and his old wife Marfa, and a young man called Smerdyakov. Of these three we must say a few words. One child was born but it died. The baby had six fingers. "Because it's a dragon," muttered Grigory. "A dragon? It happened that, on the very night after the burial of his child, Marfa was awakened by the wail of a new-born baby. An idiot girl, who wandered about the streets and was known to the whole town by the nickname of Lizaveta Smerdyastchaya (Stinking Lizaveta), had got into the bath- house and had just given birth to a child.
Her father, a homeless, sickly drunkard, called Ilya, had lost everything and lived many years as a workman with some well-to-do tradespeople. Spiteful and diseased, Ilya used to beat Lizaveta inhumanly whenever she returned to him. But the governor went his way, and Lizaveta was left as she was. Sometimes she would stop one of the richest ladies in the town and give it to her, and the lady would be pleased to take it. It happened one clear, warm, moonlight night in September (many years ago) five or six drunken revelers were returning from the club at a very late hour, according to our provincial notions. It occurred to one young gentleman to make the whimsical inquiry whether any one could possibly look upon such an animal as a woman, and so forth.... They all pronounced with lofty repugnance that it was impossible. They kept a constant watch over her, but in spite of their vigilance she escaped on the very last day, and made her way into Fyodor Pavlovitch's garden. Grigory rushed to Marfa and sent her to Lizaveta, while he ran to fetch an old midwife who lived close by. Later on, Fyodor Pavlovitch invented a surname for the child, calling him Smerdyakov, after his mother's nickname. He was employed as cook.
He understood perfectly that those peremptory shouts were merely "a flourish" to produce an effect. She was trying to save his brother Dmitri simply through generosity, though he had already behaved badly to her. He had to pass the garden adjoining his father's, and belonging to a little tumbledown house with four windows. The owner of this house, as Alyosha knew, was a bedridden old woman, living with her daughter, who had been a genteel maid-servant in generals' families in Petersburg. Alyosha ran up to the hurdle. Alyosha was delighted too, but he did not know how to get over the hurdle. whispered Alyosha, looking about him and finding himself in a deserted garden with no one near but themselves. Why do you whisper?" asked Alyosha. Over there. Dmitri led his brother to the most secluded corner of the garden. Sit down. Remember that! "I was going to father's, but I meant to go to Katerina Ivanovna's first." what a coincidence! And here you are on your way to see father and her." But what am I saying to him? Don't be uneasy. For I'm a Karamazov. Let me be accursed. Enough poetry.
And if there was, I didn't need money simply for _that_. You're the first, except Ivan, of course--Ivan knows everything. Alyosha listened with great attention. I spent money right and left. I like to say nice things about people. She had not married, although she had had two suitors. The colonel, of course, was a very different matter. This second daughter is Katerina Ivanovna, and she was the child of the second wife, who belonged to a distinguished general's family; although, as I learnt on good authority, she too brought the colonel no money. She had connections, and that was all. "Just as I received the money, I got a letter from a friend telling me something that interested me immensely. He was suspected of irregularities; in fact, his enemies were preparing a surprise for him. " 'Then it was, but now it isn't.' I've just had money paid me. But Agafya told her of our conversation. "Suddenly the new major arrived to take command of the battalion. But I knew for a fact, and had known for a long time, that for the last four years the money had never been in his hands except when the Commander made his visits of inspection. He used to lend it to a trustworthy person, a merchant of our town called Trifonov, an old widower, with a big beard and gold-rimmed spectacles. He used to go to the fair, do a profitable business with the money, and return the whole sum to the colonel, bringing with it a present from the fair, as well as interest on the loan. That was all the answer he got. I was at home, it was getting dusk, and I was just preparing to go out. I had dressed, brushed my hair, scented my handkerchief, and taken up my cap, when suddenly the door opened, and facing me in the room stood Katerina Ivanovna. I have come ... give me the money!' If I tell the whole truth just as it happened I shan't spare myself. You've seen her? Understand, I should have gone next day to ask for her hand, so that it might end honorably, so to speak, and that nobody would or could know.
"Stop, Dmitri. Ten days after his funeral, Katerina Ivanovna, with her aunt and sister, went to Moscow. In Moscow their fortunes changed with the swiftness of lightning and the unexpectedness of an Arabian fairy-tale. I saw something of her in Moscow, later. Three days later came the promised letter. I mentioned money! Then I wrote at once to Ivan, and told him all I could about it in a letter of six pages, and sent him to her. Yes, Ivan fell in love with her; he's in love with her still. She wrung out of me a mighty promise to reform. "  "But is that possible?" "To Grushenka, then!" Alyosha exclaimed mournfully, clasping his hands. I drove with Grushenka to Mokroe, a place twenty-five versts from here. I tell you that rogue, Grushenka, has a supple curve all over her body. Dmitri leapt up with a sort of fury. Alyosha!" That very morning, just before I went to beat Grushenka, Katerina Ivanovna sent for me, and in strict secrecy (why I don't know, I suppose she had some reason) asked me to go to the chief town of the province and to post three thousand roubles to Agafya Ivanovna in Moscow, so that nothing should be known of it in the town here. 'He sends his compliments,' and she'll ask you, 'What about the money?' ' But, as it is, she will ask, 'But where is the money?' But now I'm going to Grushenka. She'll see that for herself." "Where can we get it from? I shall send you to father." "To father?" For the last time I give him the chance to be a father. That's not all. So now he has been expecting Grushenka for the last three or four days; he hopes she'll come for the money. He has sent her word of it, and she has sent him word that perhaps she'll come. I've established myself in his room. "No one but Smerdyakov knows, then?" The old man is sending Ivan to Tchermashnya on a two or three days' journey. "In miracles?" Alyosha, I believe in miracles. Only remember you must go to Katerina Ivanovna to-day, if it has to be at midnight, _with the money or without the money_, and say, 'He sends his compliments to you.' "Grushenka?
When Alyosha came in, dinner was over, but coffee and preserves had been served. The servants, Grigory and Smerdyakov, were standing by. Fyodor Pavlovitch was roaring with laughter. Here he is!" "Though I should be pleased to have some hot coffee." I'm so fond of him. The boy looked sarcastically at his teacher. A beetle?" When Fyodor Pavlovitch heard of this development in Smerdyakov he determined to make him his cook, and sent him to Moscow to be trained. Smerdyakov had picked them up and brought them in the day before. We may add that he not only believed in his honesty, but had, for some reason, a liking for him, although the young man looked as morosely at him as at every one and was always silent.
Grigory had gone in the morning to make purchases, and had heard from the shopkeeper Lukyanov the story of a Russian soldier which had appeared in the newspaper of that day. He refused to deny his faith, and was tortured, flayed alive, and died, praising and glorifying Christ. Sipping his brandy and listening to the story, he observed that they ought to make a saint of a soldier like that, and to take his skin to some monastery. burst from Grigory. Is that so or not, Grigory Vassilyevitch?" Praise him." He was watching Smerdyakov with great curiosity. For God Almighty Himself, even if He did make the Tatar responsible, when he dies would give him the smallest possible punishment, I imagine (since he must be punished), judging that he is not to blame if he has come into the world an unclean heathen, from heathen parents. Alyosha! Don't cry, Grigory, we'll reduce him to smoke and ashes in a moment. "So you do suppose there are two who can move mountains? "You agree. That's the Russian faith all over, isn't it?"
he cried to the servants. he added to Ivan. I'll have one more, and then another, and then I'll stop. Ivan! Why, he tells every one so, himself. "You won't go. You go to Tchermashnya. 'You've taken a blow from him. Alyosha, Alyosha, what's the matter?" Spurt some water on him from your mouth, that's what I used to do to her. He's upset about his mother, his mother," he muttered to Ivan. "But she was my mother, too, I believe, his mother. of course she was yours too! At that moment a fearful noise and clamor was heard in the hall, there were violent shouts, the door was flung open, and Dmitri burst into the room.
Out of the way, scoundrel!" shouted Dmitri. That shout, "She's here!" "Help!" Alyosha! He said he saw her himself, running." He was not expecting Grushenka at the time, and the sudden news that she was here made him beside himself. But Dmitri threw up both hands and suddenly clutched the old man by the two tufts of hair that remained on his temples, tugged at them, and flung him with a crash on the floor. You can't protect him!" "Dmitri! He was still fancying that Grushenka really was somewhere in the house. Dmitri looked at him with hatred as he went out. He ran out of the room. At last they got the old man undressed, and put him to bed. Ivan and Alyosha went back to the drawing-room. whispered Ivan to Alyosha. Stay here, Alyosha, I'll go for a turn in the yard. Alyosha went to his father's bedroom and sat by his bedside behind the screen for about an hour. "Alyosha," he whispered apprehensively, "where's Ivan?" He's run to Grushenka. And I'll let you go back to the monastery.... He shouted 'Go' as he ran away." "To Katerina Ivanovna." "For money? exclaimed Alyosha. I don't think Dmitri is capable of it, either."
Both Together   Alyosha left his father's house feeling even more exhausted and dejected in spirit than when he had entered it. It was by now seven o'clock, and it was getting dark as Alyosha entered the very spacious and convenient house in the High Street occupied by Katerina Ivanovna. Alyosha knew that she lived with two aunts. Alyosha saw that he had interrupted visitors, and frowned. At last you have come too! "You'll be happy with her, but perhaps--not tranquilly happy." Katerina Ivanovna flushed hotly. cried Alyosha warmly. "I believe that is it." I can still save him. "But do you know about the money?" I want to save him for ever. Again Katerina Ivanovna laughed strangely. That girl is an angel. Do you know that?" she cried suddenly to some one, peeping into the next room, "come in to us. This is a friend. This is Alyosha. That could be divined. Grushenka has explained everything to me, told me all she means to do. But who can reproach her, who can boast of her favor? Only that bedridden old merchant, but he is more like her father, her friend, her protector. Grushenka, angel, give me your hand. What then?" Katerina Ivanovna did not take her hand away. At that instant Katerina Ivanovna's two aunts ran in at her cry, and with them a maid-servant. "Alyosha, darling, see me home!" cried Alyosha, clasping his hands imploringly. "She's a tigress!" "She ought to be flogged in public on a scaffold!" He could have wept as she did. Suddenly he was overtaken by the maid.
As soon as Alyosha reached the cross- roads the figure moved out and rushed at him, shouting savagely:  "Your money or your life!" I wondered where to wait for you. By her house? Oh, Dmitri! So there is a man, then, whom I love. "No, not that.... "Grushenka at Katerina Ivanovna's." he cried. Grushenka with her?" Alyosha, don't blame me, I agree that hanging is too good for her." "Brother, you don't seem to have noticed how you've insulted Katerina Ivanovna by telling Grushenka about that day. She understood it all then. He looked down and sank into thought. cried Dmitri, suddenly turning back. (As he said "here," Dmitri struck his chest with his fist with a strange air, as though the dishonor lay precisely on his chest, in some spot, in a pocket, perhaps, or hanging round his neck.) Alyosha went towards the monastery. What is he saying?" Why had he sent him into the world? "He is weaker, a drowsiness has come over him," Father Paissy whispered to Alyosha, as he blessed him. And he must not be roused. He waked up for five minutes, sent his blessing to the brothers, and begged their prayers for him at night. Alyosha returned to the other room, where Father Zossima had received his guests in the morning. He took off his cassock, which he used as a covering. But before going to bed, he fell on his knees and prayed a long time. In his fervent prayer he did not beseech God to lighten his darkness but only thirsted for the joyous emotion, which always visited his soul after the praise and adoration, of which his evening prayer usually consisted. He was disturbed, but finished his prayer. Then, after some hesitation, he opened the envelope. In it was a letter to him, signed by Lise, the young daughter of Madame Hohlakov, who had laughed at him before the elder in the morning. Of course, on condition that you will leave the monastery. Alyosha murmured, crossing himself, and falling into peaceful sleep.
Father Ferapont   Alyosha was roused early, before daybreak. People began coming from the monastery. Alyosha stood beside the elder, who was seated again in his arm-chair. Else he would have had no reason to come here. When he realizes that he is not only worse than others, but that he is responsible to all men for all and everything, for all human sins, national and individual, only then the aim of our seclusion is attained. Only through that knowledge, our heart grows soft with infinite, universal, inexhaustible love. Be proud neither to the little nor to the great. When Alyosha happened for a moment to leave the cell, he was struck by the general excitement and suspense in the monks who were crowding about it. Scarcely had the old woman reached home when they gave her a letter from Siberia which had been awaiting her. Rakitin had commissioned the monk who brought his message "to inform most respectfully his reverence Father Paissy, that he, Rakitin, has a matter to speak of with him, of such gravity that he dare not defer it for a moment, and humbly begs forgiveness for his presumption." broke from him. the monks around repeated. The evening before he had visited Father Ferapont in his cell apart, behind the apiary, and had been greatly impressed and overawed by the visit. He was a very formidable opponent, although from his practice of silence he scarcely spoke a word to any one. "Maybe he will speak as you are a stranger and maybe you'll get nothing out of him," the beekeeper had warned him. said Father Ferapont. Is Sylvester well?" The monk hesitated. asked Ferapont. "There's the Holy Ghost and there's the Holy Spirit. "He speaks." "Why, to-day he told me that a fool would visit me and would ask me unseemly questions. The pinching of the devil's tail he was ready and eager to believe, and not only in the figurative sense. Alyosha ran at once. Alyosha hesitated. "Haven't they need of you? To you, dear son, because you love me. But the promise that he should hear his last word on earth, that it should be the last gift to him, Alyosha, sent a thrill of rapture through his soul. With these words Father Paissy blessed him. It was as though Father Zossima had bequeathed him to him at his death, and "perhaps that's just what had passed between them," Alyosha thought suddenly.
At His Father's   First of all, Alyosha went to his father. It's just like the hospital in a white one," he observed sententiously. How is your elder?" "He is doing his utmost to carry off Mitya's betrothed. asked Alyosha. "He doesn't ask for money, it's true, but yet he won't get a farthing from me. Your Ivan is a scoundrel! And bending down to Alyosha, he went on in a confidential half-whisper. "No, thank you. He wants to spy how much I give Grushenka if she comes. But Ivan loves nobody. "I--I'll ask him," muttered Alyosha. "If you would give him three thousand, perhaps he--"  "That's nonsense! Alyosha went up to say good-by to him, and kissed him on the shoulder. "What's that for?" The old man was a little surprised. Then he went into his bedroom, lay down on the bed, exhausted, and in one minute he was asleep.
And so, anxious as he was to-day, he wanted at once to turn aside to talk to them. He looked into their excited rosy faces, and noticed at once that all the boys had stones in their hands. "But he is left-handed," another, a fine healthy-looking boy of eleven, answered promptly. The boy the other side of the ditch, the pocket of whose coat was visibly bulging with stones, flung another stone at the group; this time it flew straight at Alyosha and hit him painfully on the shoulder. the boys shouted, laughing. and six stones flew at the boy. Why, you'll kill him," cried Alyosha. "He began first!" cried a boy in a red shirt in an angry childish voice. "He is a beast, he stabbed Krassotkin in class the other day with a penknife. Alyosha looked at them, and they at him. I'll beat them all, alone!" cried the boy. The boy looked darkly at him. Alyosha continued. This time the boy threw a stone savagely right into Alyosha's face; but Alyosha just had time to guard himself, and the stone struck him on the elbow. Alyosha cried out with pain and pulled his finger away with all his might. The boy stared in amazement. Instead of answering, the boy broke into a loud tearful wail and ran away.
She ran out to Alyosha in the hall. "Did you get my letter about the new miracle?" But she is so ill, Alexey Fyodorovitch, she has been so ill all night, feverish and moaning! She was on the look-out for you." "I should be very grateful," Alyosha interrupted suddenly, "if you could give me a clean rag to bind up my finger with. Alyosha unbound his bitten finger. Madame Hohlakov screamed and shut her eyes. She was quite frightened at the sight of Alyosha's wound. cried Madame Hohlakov. This was all Lise was waiting for. she asked Alyosha, quickly. "And then I'll talk to you about something quite different. I've been regretting that joke all night. Give me back the letter at once, give it me." And here's Yulia with the ice!" For only fancy, he wants to be married, mamma. And Lise kept laughing her thin hysterical giggle, looking slyly at Alyosha. "But why married, Lise? asked Lise. Is that what you say?" But I should like to see Katerina Ivanovna at once, for I am very anxious to be back at the monastery as soon as I can." Do take him away quickly, mamma, he is a monster." "And I kiss you too, Lise. It's appalling. She loves your brother, Ivan, and she is doing her utmost to persuade herself she loves your brother, Dmitri.
At the moment Alyosha and Madame Hohlakov entered, Ivan Fyodorovitch stood up to take leave. But that Alyosha considered the worst thing possible. He had fancied, too, that she was incapable of loving a man like Ivan, and that she did love Dmitri, and loved him just as he was, in spite of all the strangeness of such a passion. And with which of them was Alyosha to sympathize? And what was he to wish for each of them? She made Alyosha sit down beside her, and Madame Hohlakov sat opposite, by Ivan. I feel _pity_ for him, and that is a poor sign of love. But it may all be put in two words. Ivan Fyodorovitch fully approves me." She felt this herself. "But that's only for the moment. Madame Hohlakov cried again. "To-morrow--to Moscow!" Oh, how glad I am! "He is going to Moscow, and you cry out that you are glad. "What I see is that perhaps you don't love Dmitri at all ... and never have, from the beginning.... And Dmitri, too, has never loved you ... and only esteems you.... His hat was in his hand. She kept me at her side as a means of revenge. "Ivan!" Katerina Ivanovna went suddenly into the next room. His name is Snegiryov. And now he has sunk into terrible destitution, with his family--an unhappy family of sick children, and, I believe, an insane wife. He will be sure to take it.... But you know.... She turned and disappeared behind the portiere so quickly that Alyosha had not time to utter a word, though he wanted to speak. "She is proud, she is struggling with herself; but kind, charming, generous," she exclaimed, in a half-whisper. "To whom, to whom?" cried Lise. "Katerina Ivanovna is ill.... She is crying, struggling ... hysterics." "What is the matter?" Run and say, Yulia, that I'll fly to her. As for Ivan Fyodorovitch's going away like that, it's her own fault. But he won't go away. Madame Hohlakov at last ran off. Before leaving, Alyosha would have opened the door to see Lise. How have you come to be an angel? And he ran out of the room.
he repeated to himself for the hundredth time, flushing crimson. Is this the way to bring them together?" He suspected that he would intentionally keep out of his way now, but he must find him anyhow. Dmitri was not at home. The people of the house, an old cabinet-maker, his son, and his old wife, looked with positive suspicion at Alyosha. Her crutches stood in the corner close by. But when Alyosha went in, he leapt up from the bench on which he was sitting, and, hastily wiping his mouth with a ragged napkin, darted up to Alyosha. Alyosha looked attentively at him. "That's very true," smiled Alyosha. "About what business?" muttered Alyosha. I don't want him to be thrashed. "Yes, he would even go down on his knees." Allow me to introduce my family, my two daughters and my son--my litter. exclaimed Alyosha. But now let me present you to my wife, Arina Petrovna. She is of humble origin. It's not the Karamazov, mamma, who ... h'm ... etcetera, but his brother, radiant with modest virtues. And he kissed his wife's hand respectfully and even tenderly. Alyosha fancied that he too had tears in his eyes. "I see and hear," muttered Alyosha. And, snatching Alyosha's hand, he drew him out of the room into the street.
"Aha, then it's only a suggestion! They are children and stupid. Not on the head but on the chest, just above the heart. Since that incident all the boys have been teasing him about the 'wisp of tow.' But I could see his mind was not on his lessons. 'Wisp of tow,' they shouted, 'your father was pulled out of the tavern by his wisp of tow, you ran by and begged forgiveness.' 'It can't be helped, Ilusha,' I said. He looked away and turned sideways to me. Alyosha felt though that he trusted him, and that if there had been some one else in his, Alyosha's place, the man would not have spoken so openly and would not have told what he had just told. Alyosha went on. The notes seemed to produce a tremendous impression on the captain. "That for me? He was thrown off his balance and talked extremely fast, as though afraid he would not be allowed to say all he had to say. cried Alyosha. "What is the matter? He would not follow him and call him back, he knew why.
The Engagement   Madame Hohlakov was again the first to meet Alyosha. Now she was in a fever. Alyosha went in. Lise was extremely touched by his story. When he finished describing how the luckless man trampled on the money, Lise could not help clasping her hands and crying out:  "So you didn't give him the money! To-morrow he will be sure to take it," said Alyosha, pacing up and down, pondering. That struck him all at once. Alyosha was carried away with joy as he uttered his last words, "And then he will take it!" Lise clapped her hands. So young and yet he knows what's in the heart.... In deciding so certainly that he will take the money?" Alyosha stood still, holding her hand in his. cried Lise. Alyosha was terribly abashed. "And in that dress!" _He_ told me to marry, too. How?" "Listen, Alyosha. That was it, wasn't it?" Here it is." "Alyosha," she murmured again, "look at the door. "Really, Lise? cried Lise fervently, "and I'll do it gladly, gladly! What about? Am I a monk, Lise? And then I shall be left alone.... Alyosha kissed her. "Make haste back to _him_ while he is alive. But no sooner had he opened the door than he found Madame Hohlakov standing before him. And Alyosha ran downstairs and into the street.
What that catastrophe was, and what he would say at that moment to his brother, he could perhaps not have said definitely. There was no one in the summer-house. Alyosha sat down and began to wait. But he had not sat there more than a quarter of an hour, when he suddenly heard the thrum of a guitar somewhere quite close. A man's voice suddenly began singing in a sugary falsetto, accompanying himself on the guitar:       With invincible force     I am bound to my dear. It was clear that the man had the best of the position, and that the woman was making advances. He can't be said to have feeling at all, in his ignorance. "How so?" Alyosha got up and walked towards them. Alyosha explained. he asked, looking at Alyosha. he'll ask. "His honor said to him the other day, 'I'll pound you in a mortar!' "Brother Ivan invited Dmitri to the restaurant to-day?" "That's so." He ran to the tavern. Ivan was alone dining.
Alyosha knew that Ivan did not usually visit this tavern and disliked taverns in general. He had finished dinner and was drinking tea. "Very. And then to say good-by. laughed Ivan. Alyosha laughed too. It's a feature of the Karamazovs, it's true, that thirst for life regardless of everything; you have it no doubt too, but why is it base? The centripetal force on our planet is still fearfully strong, Alyosha. "Love life more than the meaning of it?" I have thought so a long time. "We shall see each other then in the world. He means it only too seriously, though he is a buffoon. Have you seen Dmitri to-day?" "No, but I saw Smerdyakov," and Alyosha rapidly, though minutely, described his meeting with Smerdyakov. "But he begged me not to tell Dmitri that he had told me about him," added Alyosha. Ivan frowned and pondered. asked Alyosha. "What of Dmitri and father? asked Alyosha anxiously. Am I my brother Dmitri's keeper?" Well, damn it all, I can't stay here to be their keeper, can I? Dmitri doesn't come in. Ah, she knew how I loved her! laughed Ivan. Is that it?" "Then you know what for. And what do they talk about in that momentary halt in the tavern? As for me, I've long resolved not to think whether man created God or God man. said Alyosha.
I know that myself, Ivan." I meant to speak of the suffering of mankind generally, but we had better confine ourselves to the sufferings of the children. He trained one little boy to come up to his window and made great friends with him.... You don't know why I am telling you all this, Alyosha? At that moment a Turk points a pistol four inches from the baby's face. asked Alyosha. "Just as he did God, then?" This Richard was an illegitimate child who was given as a child of six by his parents to some shepherds on the Swiss mountains. He grew up like a little wild beast among them. A father corrects his child. And that mother could sleep, hearing the poor child's groans! But these little ones! He is told that the boy threw a stone that hurt the dog's paw. The general looked the child up and down. The hounds catch him, and tear him to pieces before his mother's eyes!... Well--what did he deserve? Speak, Alyosha!" "If even you say so.... You're a pretty monk! cried Ivan. All the religions of the world are built on this longing, and I am a believer. But how? Is there in the whole world a being who would have the right to forgive and could forgive? It's not God that I don't accept, Alyosha, only I most respectfully return Him the ticket." "You wrote a poem?" smiled Ivan.
Chapter V. The Grand Inquisitor   "Even this must have a preface--that is, a literary preface," laughed Ivan, "and I am a poor hand at making one. in honor of the birth of the dauphin. Her conversation with God is immensely interesting. He comes on the scene in my poem, but He says nothing, only appears and passes on. "And behold, He deigned to appear for a moment to the people, to the tortured, suffering people, sunk in iniquity, but loving Him like children. My story is laid in Spain, in Seville, in the most terrible time of the Inquisition, when fires were lighted every day to the glory of God, and 'in the splendid _auto da fe_ the wicked heretics were burnt.' Oh, of course, this was not the coming in which He will appear according to His promise at the end of time in all His heavenly glory, and which will be sudden 'as lightning flashing from east to west.' That might be one of the best passages in the poem. He holds out His hands to them, blesses them, and a healing virtue comes from contact with Him, even with His garments. The crowd weeps and kisses the earth under His feet. all repeat. The dead child lies hidden in flowers. "There are cries, sobs, confusion among the people, and at that moment the cardinal himself, the Grand Inquisitor, passes by the cathedral. "The old man has told Him He hasn't the right to add anything to what He has said of old. Was this Thy freedom?' asked Alyosha. Is that so? And yet if there has ever been on earth a real stupendous miracle, it took place on that day, on the day of the three temptations. For in those three questions the whole subsequent history of mankind is, as it were, brought together into one whole, and foretold, and in them are united all the unsolved historical contradictions of human nature. They will marvel at us and look on us as gods, because we are ready to endure the freedom which they have found so dreadful and to rule over them--so awful it will seem to them to be free. And all again in the name of freedom! But if some one else gains possession of his conscience--oh! then he will cast away Thy bread and follow after him who has ensnared his conscience. But if so, it is a mystery and we cannot understand it. Be angry. Listen, then. Who is most to blame for their not knowing it?--speak! But then I will stand up and point out to Thee the thousand millions of happy children who have known no sin. "Your poem is in praise of Jesus, not in blame of Him--as you meant it to be. And who will believe you about freedom? We know the Jesuits, they are spoken ill of, but surely they are not what you describe? Of course it's a fantasy. Your Inquisitor does not believe in God, that's his secret!" Is not that tragic? Enough of it." "Or was it the end?" When the Inquisitor ceased speaking he waited some time for his Prisoner to answer him. But He suddenly approached the old man in silence and softly kissed him on his bloodless aged lips. The old man shuddered. "And you with him, you too?" cried Alyosha, mournfully. Ivan laughed. "Why, it's all nonsense, Alyosha. Alyosha cried sorrowfully. "With such a hell in your heart and your head, how can you? "The strength of the Karamazovs--the strength of the Karamazov baseness." Alyosha got up, went to him and softly kissed him on the lips. He waited a little, looking after his brother. He suddenly noticed that Ivan swayed as he walked and that his right shoulder looked lower than his left. He had never noticed it before. Alyosha wondered. Here is the hermitage. Several times afterwards he wondered how he could on leaving Ivan so completely forget his brother Dmitri, though he had that morning, only a few hours before, so firmly resolved to find him and not to give up doing so, even should he be unable to return to the monastery that night.
"Is it loathing for my father's house?" he wondered. Then he had taken a marked interest in Smerdyakov, and had even thought him very original. But Smerdyakov rose from the bench, and from that action alone, Ivan knew instantly that he wanted particularly to talk to him. Ivan looked at him and stopped, and the fact that he did stop, instead of passing by, as he meant to the minute before, drove him to fury. Ivan shook. "Get away, miserable idiot. He asked the question softly and meekly, to his own surprise, and at once, again to his own surprise, sat down on the bench. "Why should I go to Tchermashnya?" Smerdyakov was silent again. So at least it seemed to Ivan. And he, too, thinks me to blame because his lady hasn't come. "That's just so. But even more than that, I am afraid I shall be taken for an accomplice of his when he does something crazy to his father." "What signals? "I'm bound to admit the fact," Smerdyakov drawled with pedantic composure, "that I have a secret with Fyodor Pavlovitch in this business. How dared you tell him?" If you are laid up, Grigory will be on the watch. And when Grigory Vassilyevitch wakes up he is perfectly well after it, but Marfa Ignatyevna always has a headache from it. You'll have a fit and they'll both be unconscious," cried Ivan. Why should Dmitri break in on him if she doesn't come? On it is written in his own hand, 'To my angel Grushenka, if she will come,' to which he added three days later, 'for my little chicken.' cried Ivan, almost beside himself. "Then why on earth," he suddenly interrupted Smerdyakov, "do you advise me to go to Tchermashnya? "Only Moscow is farther and Tchermashnya is nearer. But to his astonishment Ivan broke into a laugh, and went through the gate still laughing.
and passed by, trying not even to look at his father. "What's the matter with him?" Greeting his father affably, and even inquiring specially after his health, though he did not wait to hear his answer to the end, he announced that he was starting off in an hour to return to Moscow for good, and begged him to send for the horses. Go to Tchermashnya on the way. He is a perfect treasure, I'd give him twenty thousand to take care of for me without a receipt; but he has no eye for business, he is a perfect child, a crow could deceive him. "You force me to go to that damned Tchermashnya yourself, then?" Ivan noticed this particularly. His father saw it at once, and instantly pulled himself up. "Good-by, Ivan! Don't be too hard on me!" "It's a true saying then, that 'it's always worth while speaking to a clever man,' " answered Smerdyakov firmly, looking significantly at Ivan. What did he mean by that?" He told them to harness the horses. "I won't go to Tchermashnya. Shall we get the carriage out?" "To be sure. I'll be sure to do it." At seven o'clock Ivan got into the train and set off to Moscow "Away with the past. Fyodor Pavlovitch finished his tea as early as possible and locked himself up alone in the house. He had received from Smerdyakov that morning an assurance "that she had promised to come without fail." This time he could say almost certainly that she would come!
Instead of a sick man at his last gasp, perhaps unconscious, as he had feared to find him, he saw him sitting up in his chair and, though weak and exhausted, his face was bright and cheerful, he was surrounded by visitors and engaged in a quiet and joyful conversation. There were four of them: Father Iosif and Father Paissy, Father Mihail, the warden of the hermitage, a man not very old and far from being learned. It seemed strange to Alyosha that he asked so confidently and precisely, about one of his brothers only--but which one? I bowed down yesterday to the great suffering in store for him." At the dawn of my life when I was a child I had an elder brother who died before my eyes at seventeen. But of that later. And that is almost always so if there is any love and harmony in the family at all. And how much that is great, mysterious and unfathomable there is in it! In the face of the earthly truth, the eternal truth is accomplished. Many years pass by, and he has other children and loves them. But he could, he could.
And then a circumstance happened which was the beginning of it all. They always gave me a cordial and friendly reception. I was filled with sudden irrepressible fury. It was the end of June, and our meeting was to take place at seven o'clock the next day on the outskirts of the town--and then something happened that in very truth was the turning-point of my life. Is it because I am going to shed blood? And then I remembered my brother Markel and what he said on his death-bed to his servants: "My dear ones, why do you wait on me, why do you love me, am I worth your waiting on me?" "After all what am I worth, that another man, a fellow creature, made in the likeness and image of God, should serve me?" "Here is one before you." We were placed twelve paces apart; he had the first shot. "But not in a duel," cried my second again. Some stood up for me: "He faced the shot," they said. No, there's something else in this, something original." "No," they would say, "he is a brave fellow, he faced fire and could have fired his own pistol too, but he had a dream the night before that he should become a monk, that's why he did it." I knew him by name already, but had never made his acquaintance nor exchanged a word with him till that evening. _(d) The Mysterious Visitor_  He had long been an official in the town; he was in a prominent position, respected by all, rich and had a reputation for benevolence. He subscribed considerable sums to the almshouse and the orphan asylum; he was very charitable, too, in secret, a fact which only became known after his death. He had been married about ten years and his wife, who was still young, had borne him three children. As soon as I resigned my commission, I took rooms with an old lady, the widow of a government clerk. My landlady's servant waited upon me, for I had moved into her rooms simply because on my return from the duel I had sent Afanasy back to the regiment, as I felt ashamed to look him in the face after my last interview with him. "All that," he said, "is exceedingly interesting. Moreover, though he is such a serious man and my senior, he comes to see a youngster like me and treats me as his equal." And I learned a great deal that was profitable from him, for he was a man of lofty mind. "That life is heaven," he said to me suddenly, "that I have long been thinking about"; and all at once he added, "I think of nothing else indeed." I looked at him; he was speaking with great emotion and gazing mysteriously at me, as if he were questioning me. And then the sign of the Son of Man will be seen in the heavens.... Sometimes even if he has to do it alone, and his conduct seems to be crazy, a man must set an example, and so draw men's souls out of their solitude, and spur them to some act of brotherly love, that the great idea may not die." He said this and smiled with a face as white as chalk. "Why is it he is smiling?" Fourteen years before, he had murdered the widow of a landowner, a wealthy and handsome young woman who had a house in our town. He fell passionately in love with her, declared his feeling and tried to persuade her to marry him. But she had already given her heart to another man, an officer of noble birth and high rank in the service, who was at that time away at the front, though she was expecting him soon to return. He made his way in the dark to her bedroom, where a light was burning. Having done this awful deed, he returned by the way he had come. They arrested him, and he was tried for the murder; but a week after the arrest, the prisoner fell sick of a fever and died unconscious in the hospital. There the matter ended and the judges and the authorities and every one in the town remained convinced that the crime had been committed by no one but the servant who had died in the hospital. "Well?" I will take my punishment and begin to live. Suddenly he struck the table with his fist so that everything on it danced--it was the first time he had done such a thing, he was such a mild man. "It's easy enough to thrust them upon one. Can they have been written by men?" He went away. After dinner he walked into the middle of the room, with a paper in his hand--a formal declaration to the chief of his department who was present. Then he brought out and laid on the table all the things he had been keeping for fourteen years, that he thought would prove his crime, the jewels belonging to the murdered woman which he had stolen to divert suspicion, a cross and a locket taken from her neck with a portrait of her betrothed in the locket, her notebook and two letters; one from her betrothed, telling her that he would soon be with her, and her unfinished answer left on the table to be sent off next day. Five days later, all had heard that he was ill and that his life was in danger. But when I wanted to visit him, I was for a long while forbidden to do so, above all by his wife. I came to kill you!" The whole town followed him to the grave. The chief priest made a speech full of feeling. All lamented the terrible illness that had cut short his days. But I remember in my prayer to this day, the servant of God, Mihail, who suffered so greatly.
Chapter III. And when the time comes they will show it to the tottering creeds of the world. Look at the worldly and all who set themselves up above the people of God, has not God's image and His truth been distorted in them? That is the modern doctrine of the world. He is capable perhaps of some action quickly over, but he cannot hold out long. For how can a man shake off his habits? They have succeeded in accumulating a greater mass of objects, but the joy in the world has grown less. Obedience, fasting and prayer are laughed at, yet only through them lies the way to real, true freedom. For it is not we, but they, who are in isolation, though they don't see that. And the Russian monk has always been on the side of the people. We are isolated only if the people are isolated. Remember that! (_f_) _Of Masters and Servants, and of whether it is possible for them to be Brothers in the Spirit_  Of course, I don't deny that there is sin in the peasants too. Money- lenders and devourers of the commune are rising up. He visits princes, though he is only a peasant corrupted. It was eight years since I had parted from him. He took me home with him. He and his wife earned their living as costermongers in the market-place. I will pray for them. he asked. I have thought a great deal about that, and now what I think is this: Is it so inconceivable that that grand and simple-hearted unity might in due time become universal among the Russian people? It's all like an ocean, I tell you. Treasure this ecstasy, however senseless it may seem to men. If that feeling grows weak or is destroyed in you, the heavenly growth will die away in you. Then you will be indifferent to life and even grow to hate it. _(h) Can a Man judge his Fellow Creatures? Faith to the End_  Remember particularly that you cannot be a judge of any one. Love to throw yourself on the earth and kiss it. Kiss the earth and love it with an unceasing, consuming love. I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love. They talk of hell fire in the material sense. For accepting the love of the righteous together with the impossibility of repaying it, by this submissiveness and the effect of this humility, they will attain at last, as it were, to a certain semblance of that active love which they scorned in life, to something like its outward expression.... But woe to those who have slain themselves on earth, woe to the suicides! Even five minutes before his death, they said afterwards wonderingly, it was impossible to foresee it. He seemed suddenly to feel an acute pain in his chest, he turned pale and pressed his hands to his heart. By the morning all the town was talking of the event, and crowds were flocking from the town to the monastery.
Father Paissy desired later on to read the Gospel all day and night over his dead friend, but for the present he, as well as the Father Superintendent of the Hermitage, was very busy and occupied, for something extraordinary, an unheard-of, even "unseemly" excitement and impatient expectation began to be apparent in the monks, and the visitors from the monastery hostels, and the crowds of people flocking from the town. And he had no sooner thought of him than he at once noticed him in the farthest corner of the hermitage garden, sitting on the tombstone of a monk who had been famous long ago for his saintliness. Father Paissy again took Father Iosif's place by the coffin and began reading the Gospel. They went in, stayed a little while and hastened out to confirm the news to the crowd of other monks waiting outside. Of the peasantry few went into the cell, though there were crowds of them at the gates of the hermitage. They did not, however, enter the cell, but stood at the bottom of the steps, waiting to see what Father Ferapont would say or do. "Casting out I cast out," he roared again. Father Paissy paused in his reading, stepped forward and stood before him waiting. That is clear and it's a sin to hide it," the fanatic, carried away by a zeal that outstripped his reason, would not be quieted.
Indeed, all his trouble came from the fact that he was of great faith. What for? It had begun to get dusk when Rakitin, crossing the pine copse from the hermitage to the monastery, suddenly noticed Alyosha, lying face downwards on the ground under a tree, not moving and apparently asleep. He went up and called him by his name. What are you about? cried Alyosha irritably. But there.... "I don't remember.... This phrase Rakitin finished to himself in a whisper.
It was not that she lent money on interest, but it was known, for instance, that she had for some time past, in partnership with old Karamazov, actually invested in the purchase of bad debts for a trifle, a tenth of their nominal value, and afterwards had made out of them ten times their value. But Grushenka had succeeded in emancipating herself, while she established in him a boundless belief in her fidelity. Grushenka was not even mentioned in his will. It is remarkable that throughout their whole acquaintance Grushenka was absolutely and spontaneously open with the old man, and he seems to have been the only person in the world with whom she was so. Grushenka lived very economically and her surroundings were anything but luxurious. she exclaimed, recognizing Alyosha. She seemed displeased. Ugh, Rakitin is such a one to take offense!" laughed Grushenka. Let me sit on your knee, Alyosha, like this." "My officer is coming, Rakitin, my officer is coming." I did insult her dreadfully. And the priceless message from Mokroe?" "That is quite different." All this Grushenka said with extreme emotion. "I feel as though I were in a madhouse. "An onion? The devils caught her and plunged her into the lake of fire. So her guardian angel stood and wondered what good deed of hers he could remember to tell to God; 'She once pulled up an onion in her garden,' said he, 'and gave it to a beggar woman.' And God answered: 'You take that onion then, hold it out to her in the lake, and let her take hold and be pulled out. And if you can pull her out of the lake, let her come to Paradise, but if the onion breaks, then the woman must stay where she is.' The angel ran to the woman and held out the onion to her. But she was a very wicked woman and she began kicking them. As soon as she said that, the onion broke. And the woman fell into the lake and she is burning there to this day. So the angel wept and went away. Listen, Alyosha. And she threw the note to him. I wanted to so much, that I bribed Rakitin to bring you. He is laughing at me with another woman, most likely. Alyosha got up and went to Rakitin. The man who has wronged her has come back, he sends for her and she forgives him everything, and hastens joyfully to meet him and she won't take a knife with her. Grushenka leapt up from her place. Though if he wants to, let him! grumbled Rakitin. "Hush, Rakitin," Alyosha answered with an aching heart. Alyosha came out of the town and walked across the fields to the monastery.
Alyosha timidly opened the door and went into the elder's cell where his coffin was now standing. Though Father Paissy heard Alyosha come in, he did not even look in his direction. Alyosha turned to the right from the door to the corner, fell on his knees and began to pray. "_And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee;_" read Father Paissy. A marriage!" The road is wide and straight and bright as crystal, and the sun is at the end of it.... It's the marriage, the wedding ... yes, of course. I gave an onion to a beggar, so I, too, am here. He is changing the water into wine that the gladness of the guests may not be cut short. He was listening, still expecting other words, but suddenly he turned sharply and went out of the cell. in his rapture he was weeping even over those stars, which were shining to him from the abyss of space, and "he was not ashamed of that ecstasy." Within three days he left the monastery in accordance with the words of his elder, who had bidden him "sojourn in the world."
For the last two days he had been in such an inconceivable state of mind that he might easily have fallen ill with brain fever, as he said himself afterwards. But all this could only be on condition of the first, the _happy_ solution of the question. That must be said to his credit. Where had he the means, the money to do it? Grushenka had money, of course, but with regard to this Mitya suddenly evinced extraordinary pride; he wanted to carry her away and begin the new life with her himself, at his own expense, not at hers. And so he made up his mind to move heaven and earth to return Katerina Ivanovna that three thousand, and that _first of all_. All these rooms were entirely empty and unused, for the old man kept to one room, a small, remote bedroom, where he was waited upon by an old servant with a kerchief on her head, and by a lad, who used to sit on the locker in the passage. Was he going to make a row? The old man again refused to see him. "What is it you want of me, sir?" We will not reproduce his speech word for word, but will only summarize the gist of it. and jumping up from his seat, awaited the answer to his foolish proposal. Who is it? His name is Lyagavy. Now he's come back again and is staying with the priest at Ilyinskoe, about twelve versts from the Volovya station. "No need of thanks." And if such a business man as Samsonov (a most worthy old man, and what dignity!)
He seized his six roubles and ran home. his dreams were not fated to be carried out. The priest, a shy and amiable looking little man, informed him at once that though Lyagavy had been staying with him at first, he was now at Suhoy Possyolok, that he was staying the night in the forester's cottage, as he was buying timber there too. They went into that room and lighted a tallow candle. "Of course I must wake him. "He's been drinking the whole day," the forester chimed in. "No, you'd better wait till morning," the priest repeated. With a gesture of despair Mitya agreed. As soon as he wakes I'll begin. He leapt up from the bench. He went back to sleep, leaving Mitya a lighted lantern. He rushed up to him. Lyagavy blurted out again. He did not find the forester in the next room; there was no one there. Hurrying there the evening before with the priest, he had not noticed the road. "And to think, only to think that a man's life should be ruined for the sake of that paltry three thousand!"
Chapter III. She was just then expecting the "message," and was much relieved that Mitya had not been to see her that day or the day before. After leaving Grushenka at the gate he rushed home. And, as we all know, one can't take a step without money. he thought. They quite understood what he was trying to find out, and completely reassured him. He would certainly have to keep watch to-day, but where? He flew home, washed, combed his hair, brushed his clothes, dressed, and went to Madame Hohlakov's. He had resolved to borrow three thousand from that lady. As for his "plan" it was just the same as before; it consisted of the offer of his rights to Tchermashnya--but not with a commercial object, as it had been with Samsonov, not trying to allure the lady with the possibility of making a profit of six or seven thousand--but simply as a security for the debt. This is the age of railways, Dmitri Fyodorovitch. Roubles? roared Mitya, and with all his might brought his fist down on the table. He walked like one possessed, and beating himself on the breast, on the spot where he had struck himself two days previously, before Alyosha, the last time he saw him in the dark, on the road. In this way he reached the square, and suddenly became aware that he had stumbled against something. He heard a piercing wail from an old woman whom he had almost knocked down. You're the servant there?" "When did she go?" He ran with all his might to the house where Grushenka lived. At the moment he reached it, Grushenka was on her way to Mokroe. roared Mitya, "where is she?" On the table stood a brass mortar, with a pestle in it, a small brass pestle, not much more than six inches long. Mitya already had opened the door with one hand when, with the other, he snatched up the pestle, and thrust it in his side-pocket. cried Fenya, flinging up her hands.
She must have run straight to him from Samsonov's, that was clear now. It all rushed whirling through his mind. She's there!" He held his breath. Fyodor Pavlovitch moved away from the window. The old man started, jerked up his head, and, jumping up quickly, ran to the window. Fyodor Pavlovitch opened the window and thrust his whole head out. "Grushenka, is it you? Mitya was beside himself, he suddenly pulled the brass pestle out of his pocket. Then he deliberated again, got up and dressed hurriedly. Grigory cried out, beside himself, pounced on him, and clutched his leg in his two hands. Mitya jumped back into the garden and bent over the fallen man. The pestle fell two paces from Grigory, not in the grass but on the path, in a most conspicuous place. He flew back again to the widow Morozov's house. Mitya, running up to the gate, knocked. "Where is she then, Prohor?" "She set off this evening, some two hours ago, with Timofey, to Mokroe." "What for?" To see some officer.
Mitya ran in, pounced on Fenya and seized her by the throat. Where is she? said Fenya, pointing to his hands again. Just ten minutes later Dmitri went in to Pyotr Ilyitch Perhotin, the young official with whom he had pawned his pistols. And thanks very much. That's the last straw," he muttered angrily, hurriedly changing the notes from his right hand to the left, and impulsively jerked the handkerchief out of his pocket. Give them back to me. "Wait, I'll send my boy to Plotnikov's, they close late--to see if they won't change it. "But listen!" But take off your coat." Look, all the cuff of your right sleeve is covered with blood." The gold-mines?" "Would you like to go to the mines, Perhotin? Try and find out." "To Mokroe." "To Mokroe? "How 'naught'? I'm talking of a higher order. To life, and to one queen of queens!" What is woman? It must be taken back to her." "Of course." "Do you hear, Dmitri?" "The pistols? But, suddenly feeling vexed with himself, he turned away with a curse and went to the tavern to play billiards. I'm not his nurse! They left off playing. "He boasted aloud that he would kill his father; we all heard him, here. Going up to the gate he knocked.
There was one moment when he felt an impulse to stop Andrey, to jump out of the cart, to pull out his loaded pistol, and to make an end of everything without waiting for the dawn. "She's now with _him_," he thought, "now I shall see what she looks like with him, her first love, and that's all I want." "Not at the posting-station, but at Plastunov's, at the inn, where they let out horses, too." Drive up with a dash! "Trifon Borissovitch, is that you?" Have they money?" Nothing to boast of, Dmitri Fyodorovitch." He's been on a pilgrimage, so he says, to the monastery in the town. Trifon Borissovitch, bear witness. "Well, go to the devil, if that's it!" Where are they? In the blue room?"
Don't be afraid!" He looked at Grushenka, laughing continually, and bringing his chair close up to her. "Polish women?" What's he scolding about?" tittered Maximov. "To Russia! All drank the toast except the Poles, and Grushenka tossed off her whole glass at once. "_Panie!_" shouted both the Poles, menacingly, setting on Mitya like a couple of cocks. "They're dull themselves, so they want others to be dull. Cards!" Suddenly Maximov, who had followed him out, touched him on the shoulder. The Poles had already sat down, and opened the pack. "No, I'm not going to play any more," observed Kalganov, "I've lost fifty roubles to them just now." To correspond?" 'So much the better.' Then another two hundred! You've lost a lot as it is," said Grushenka, with a curious note in her voice. Both the Poles rose from their seats with a deeply offended air. "Don't dare to shout like that," cried Grushenka. "The bodyguard? I must have him!" Here's the door, you go out of it. An expression of extraordinary resolution passed over the Pole's face. "And the money, _panie_?" The Poles exchanged glances again. The Pole walked into the room and threw himself in a theatrical attitude before Grushenka. shrieked Grushenka. "I've been a fool, a fool, to have been miserable these five years! And this isn't he at all! He held it up and showed it to all in the room.
Only the girls were very eager for the champagne. He was very indignant, too, at the peasant girls drinking liqueur, and eating sweets. Grushenka, too, was beginning to get drunk. But she looked at him from time to time with caressing and passionate eyes. "Look alive, Marya, or you'll get the stick!" They only come here to dance and sing, you know, brother. The fresh air revived him. Mitya wondered for an instant, and he ran back to the room where the girls were dancing. Mitya peeped behind the curtain--she was there. In another minute she might have cried. But Grushenka waved her handkerchief at him and drove him away. Let them look on, too...."  Mitya walked with a drunken swagger to the locked door, and began knocking to the Poles with his fist. "_Lajdak!_" one of the Poles shouted in reply. Mitya laid Grushenka on the bed and kissed her on the lips. asked Grushenka, bewildered. Now everything of mine is yours. Mitya passed to the other side of the curtain and stood stock still. And that "consumptive-looking" trim dandy, "who always has such polished boots"--that was the deputy prosecutor. And those fellows with the brass plates on, why are they here? What's this for, gentlemen?" the old captain of police roared suddenly, stepping up to Mitya. "This is impossible!"
The Beginning Of Perhotin's Official Career   Pyotr Ilyitch Perhotin, whom we left knocking at the strong locked gates of the widow Morozov's house, ended, of course, by making himself heard. Fenya kept exclaiming. But although not "dripping," Pyotr Ilyitch had himself seen those hands stained with blood, and had helped to wash them. It would make a scandal. It is, of course, perfectly evident that there was even more likelihood of causing scandal by going at eleven o'clock at night to a fashionable lady, a complete stranger, and perhaps rousing her from her bed to ask her an amazing question, than by going to Fyodor Pavlovitch. If she won't, she won't." "I have never given him money, never! He ran out in a fury, stamping. Of course, he's the person to go to. How delightful it is that you are living here!... in so young a man! and all that with such manners and appearance!
There was card-playing every evening at his house, if only at one table. Pyotr Ilyitch was simply dumbfounded when he went into the police captain's. But, all of a sudden she waked up, no doubt roused by a fearful epileptic scream from Smerdyakov, who was lying in the next room unconscious. That scream always preceded his fits, and always terrified and upset Marfa Ignatyevna. She could never get accustomed to it. Then he must have gone out--where? The groans were repeated, and it was evident they came from the garden. Marfa!" But she found him not by the fence where he had been knocked down, but about twenty paces off. Running to the place where Grigory lay, the two women with the help of Foma carried him to the lodge. And when they returned to Grigory, the old man told them to go straight to the police captain. They found also on the floor a piece of narrow pink ribbon, with which the envelope had been tied up. All were delayed, however, by the inquiry, the search, and the formalities, etc., in the house of Fyodor Pavlovitch.
The prosecutor positively seized hold of him. Grushenka cried frantically, still kneeling. He remembered afterwards that he was forcibly dragged away from her by several men, and that she was led out, and that when he recovered himself he was sitting at the table. But who has killed my father, who has killed him? He's alive?" I've been praying all night." A man is not a drum, gentlemen!" His eyes were confident. I've been shouting it aloud for the last month, any one can tell you that!... So it must have been me! "Where was he murdered? "You will allow us to note that point and write it down; that you looked upon that money as your own property?" But now that he's dead, I feel differently." "I took your Agrafena Alexandrovna downstairs myself, and confided her to the care of the landlord's daughters, and that old fellow Maximov is with her all the time. I soothed and calmed her. In fact, I talked to her and she understood. She sent me herself, to tell you not to worry about her. So what am I to tell her, Dmitri Fyodorovitch? he cried. And he sank back in his chair and, covering his face with his hands, burst into tears. The interrogation began again.
He had heard of him in Petersburg. "Yes, I went a journey of forty versts into the country. The prosecutor and Nikolay Parfenovitch exchanged glances. I've been in the service, too. We began, indeed, with questions of the greatest importance." "Why I needed it?... So he told them how Samsonov had made a fool of him two days before. And Mitya described how he took the pestle and ran.
He told them how he had leapt over the fence into his father's garden; how he had gone up to the window; told them all that had passed under the window. "Then? I rushed from the window and ran to the fence. And he swung round on his chair so that it creaked. "Yes, it was open." I didn't go in.... "Signals? No one knew about the signals except my father, Smerdyakov, and me: that was all. That may be of use. Because Smerdyakov is a man of the most abject character and a coward. Why, I offered him money. Scarcely had Mitya described how, sitting on the wall, he had struck Grigory on the head with the pestle, while the old man had hold of his left leg, and how he had then jumped down to look at him, when the prosecutor stopped him to ask him to describe exactly how he was sitting on the wall. But he could not make up his mind to open his heart to them as before, and tell them about "the queen of his soul." you might ask the people here about that. He proceeded to do so, but we won't repeat his story.
The Prosecutor Catches Mitya   Something utterly unexpected and amazing to Mitya followed. Is that really necessary?" All the things were shown to the witnesses. Luckily he had them all in his trunk. Damn Kalganov and his clothes, too!" They impressed upon him that his clothes, being stained with blood, must be "included with the other material evidence," and that they "had not even the right to let him have them now ... taking into consideration the possible outcome of the case." "Yes," said the prosecutor thoughtfully, as though reflecting on something. Who was he? He adheres to it. But we didn't find the money in it. For some seconds Mitya stood as though thunderstruck. He's robbed him! "But you, too, knew of the envelope and that it was under the pillow." I'd only heard of it from Smerdyakov.... He must have killed him while I was running away and while Grigory was unconscious, that's clear now....
Mitya's Great Secret. "Katerina Ivanovna!" The prosecutor, too, stared. Who counted the money? Is that right to your thinking, is that right?" And the point is, that you have still not told us, altogether we've asked you, why, in the first place, you halved the money, squandering one half and hiding the other? he cried in dismay. I don't know where they are." Who helped you to sew it up a month ago?" "Where did you get the material, that is, the rag in which you sewed the money?" It was a bit of calico.... I believe I sewed it up in a cap of my landlady's." he decided, in an exhausted voice. Not for a moment! He bent his head, and hid his face in his hands. In the meantime they had to finish what they were about. he asked Nikolay Parfenovitch, suddenly. Mitya thought of "Phoebus the golden-haired," and how he had meant to shoot himself at his first ray. "Gentlemen," he cried, "I see that I am lost! But she? We must pass to examining the witnesses without delay.
"Come now, is that so, Trifon Borissovitch?" The peasants and the driver unhesitatingly confirmed Trifon Borissovitch's evidence. He began by saying that "he knew nothing about it and didn't want to." As far as he could see he "didn't know" how much money Mitya had in his hands. Mitya did not once pull Kalganov up. The Poles, too, were examined. "He's a scoundrel! Then they let the Poles go. He again dismissed the "romantic" aspect of the case and passed to the serious one, that is, to the question of most importance, concerning the three thousand roubles. Further examination elicited that Grushenka knew, too, where that money had come from, and that Dmitri Fyodorovitch had got it from Katerina Ivanovna. "No, I never heard that," answered Grushenka. "He was always expecting to get some from his father," said Grushenka in conclusion. He felt more and more oppressed by a strange physical weakness. He was driving somewhere in the steppes, where he had been stationed long ago, and a peasant was driving him in a cart with a pair of horses, through snow and sleet. And the peasant drove him smartly, he had a fair, long beard. "Why are they crying? Why is the babe poor? Why is the steppe barren? I won't leave you now for the rest of my life, I'm coming with you," he heard close beside him Grushenka's tender voice, thrilling with emotion. Nikolay Parfenovitch was standing over him, suggesting that he should hear the protocol read aloud and sign it.
In another minute I shall be a prisoner, but now, for the last time, as a free man, Dmitri Karamazov offers you his hand. Saying good-by to you, I say it to all men." Mitya instantly noticed this, and started. Grushenka was brought in, but the farewell was brief, and of few words, and did not at all satisfy Nikolay Parfenovitch. He was at once surrounded by men who kept a constant watch on him. They ran to look for him. Running up to the cart he held out his hand to Mitya. Kalganov ran back, sat down in a corner, bent his head, hid his face in his hands, and burst out crying.
PART IV Book X. The Boys Chapter I. Kolya Krassotkin   It was the beginning of November. She went so far that the boys actually began to mock at him on her account and taunt him with being a "mother's darling." He could restrain himself on occasion, and in his relations with the teachers he never overstepped that last mystic limit beyond which a prank becomes an unpardonable breach of discipline. There was a bookcase in the house containing a few books that had been his father's. And in that way Kolya read some things unsuitable for his age. The boys rushed to Kolya. He suddenly got up and walked away without a word. He returned home to the station as white as a sheet. In the end all the boys became interested in the question, who it was that had founded Troy, but Krassotkin would not tell his secret, and his reputation for knowledge remained unshaken.
But on this occasion he was in no mood for games. Kolya whistled to himself. I must go out. It can be loaded with shot and fired off." And Kolya began giving orders to the dog, who performed all his tricks. "Only think, a dog!" laughed Agafya.
"I've been waiting for you for the last hour, Krassotkin," said Smurov stolidly, and the boys strode towards the market-place. "You're taking him, too?" "They are rogues." "Who are rogues?" His father was awfully pleased to see us. It seems to be a law of their nature." "That peasant's beard's frozen," Kolya cried in a loud provocative voice as he passed him. "No, I didn't. One has to know how to talk to the peasants." "Don't laugh, Kolya. Kolya stared at him. "For the Kuzmitchovs?" I'll give the boy a hiding. The woman guffawed. laughed Kolya. Go along." Twenty paces from the house Kolya stopped and told Smurov to go on ahead and ask Karamazov to come out to him.
Chapter IV. But alas! Alyosha came out quickly and hastened up to Kolya. Kolya smiled mysteriously. The worst of it was he was horribly dressed at the time, his breeches were too small for him, and there were holes in his boots. That I can't stand. He told him to take a piece of bread, to stick a pin in it, and throw it to one of those hungry dogs who snap up anything without biting it, and then to watch and see what would happen. He was tormented by remorse, I could see that. A day or two after, I sent Smurov to tell him that I would not speak to him again. 'So he's going in for a little temper. Kolya asked, with great curiosity. Let us go in, though, and, by the way, what is your name? "Let us go first to the people of the house, on the left. _Ici_, Perezvon, lie down and be dead!
It was close and crowded at that moment with a number of visitors. His father was terribly concerned about him. The captain ran eagerly to meet Kolya. "But who's come in like that, mamma?" Kolya said suddenly, in a most callous voice. "Where ... is Zhutchka?" "But I've got a dog, Perezvon ... A Slavonic name.... I've brought him to show you." I brought him on purpose.... Perezvon dashed headlong into the room. It was by that I found him. But the pin pricked his tongue, that is why he squealed. White as a sheet, he gazed open-mouthed at Kolya, with his great eyes almost starting out of his head. "Here he's found him!" "He's a brick, he's a brick!" And meanwhile I taught the dog all sorts of tricks. Kolya cried triumphantly, proud of his success. "Is it hot?" Kolya inquired hurriedly, with a business-like air, taking the meat. "Paid for!" exclaimed Alyosha, with an involuntary note of reproach in his voice. Kolya picked up the cannon and immediately presented it to Ilusha, together with the powder and the shot. Kolya flushed. "I was walking through the market-place here one day, just when they'd driven in the geese. he asked. And he was warned not to play such pranks again. "But you took him down about the founders of Troy!" He was particularly pleased with the story of the goose. For weeks he had been longing to. "Universal history?" "The doctor has come!" "Where is the patient?"
Kolya asked quickly. I wanted to know you for a long time. He suddenly fancied that Alyosha might think he was trying to show off his knowledge and to prove that he was "grown up." Kolya was particularly struck by Alyosha's apparent diffidence about his opinion of Voltaire. He seemed to be leaving the question for him, little Kolya, to settle. Alyosha finished. laughed Alyosha. cried Alyosha. And certainly no one told me so. "Oh, where, where did you get that from? exclaimed Alyosha. "If he didn't write it, they say he said it. smiled Alyosha. Kolya exclaimed, with bitter feeling. cried Alyosha. "That's not ridiculous, is it?" Kolya agreed at once. Ah, here's the doctor.
Alyosha waved from the door to the coachman, and the carriage that had brought the doctor drove up. "N--no, Sicily is not the place for the family, the family should go to Caucasus in the early spring ... your daughter must go to the Caucasus, and your wife ... after a course of the waters in the Caucasus for her rheumatism ... must be sent straight to Paris to the mental specialist Lepelletier; I could give you a note to him, and then ... there might be a change--"  "Doctor, doctor! "What's that?" The doctor flung up his head, staring with surprise at Kolya. "Perezvon? "Who's this? Who's this?" Alyosha followed Kolya into the room. And he ran out into the passage. He didn't want to cry, but in the passage he burst into tears. muttered Kolya, crying, and no longer ashamed of it. I don't want another boy!" "If I forget thee, Jerusalem, may my tongue--" He broke off with a sob and sank on his knees before the wooden bench. he cried sharply and angrily to Alyosha.
Three days after Mitya's arrest, Grushenka was taken very ill and was ill for nearly five weeks. She was at home. When the homeless old man returned with Grushenka from Mokroe two months before, he had simply stayed on and was still staying with her. "That's right. asked Alyosha. Rakitin went in as I came out. "I should think he might be, with the trial to-morrow. "Of the servant girls." Grushenka had received many such letters, accompanied by such receipts, from her former lover during the fortnight of her convalescence. But she knew that the two Poles had been to ask after her health during her illness. Grushenka left that letter, too, unanswered. Then, laughing, she told Mitya of it and he was not in the least jealous. But ever since, the Poles had attached themselves to Grushenka and bombarded her daily with requests for money and she had always sent them small sums. And now that day Mitya had taken it into his head to be fearfully jealous. Mitya leapt up swearing.... Fenya, is it that little girl they've sent? And they are all against him, the whole town. Mitya told me himself that Ivan hasn't been once." "There has been a change," Grushenka assented quickly. "They have a secret, they have a secret! Alyosha, darling, go to him and find out what their secret is and come and tell me," Grushenka besought him with sudden eagerness. Ivan is not in love with Katerina Ivanovna, I think." Good-by for now." Grushenka was still crying.
Madame Hohlakov had been slightly ailing for the last three weeks: her foot had for some reason swollen up, and though she was not in bed, she lay all day half-reclining on the couch in her boudoir, in a fascinating but decorous _deshabille_. "At ... at that woman's? And she handed Alyosha a sheet of newspaper which had been under her pillow. No names appeared, in fact. One such lady, a pining widow, who tried to seem young though she had a grown-up daughter, was so fascinated by him that only two hours before the crime she offered him three thousand roubles, on condition that he would elope with her to the gold mines. But the criminal, counting on escaping punishment, had preferred to murder his father to get the three thousand rather than go off to Siberia with the middle-aged charms of his pining lady. "It's he, it's he! No 'perhaps' about it. A captivating little foot. It began somehow like that. An aberration in which everything is pardonable. she is a charming, charming creature, only I never can make out who it is she is in love with. This doctor has come. And there's no doubt that Dmitri Fyodorovitch was suffering from aberration. The doctor has been here and questioned me about that evening, about the gold mines. and then went away and immediately did the murder. cried Alyosha. When?" She laughed. --for all this business is a misfortune, isn't it? "To Lise." I shall die if you don't," Madame Hohlakov called after him, but Alyosha had already left the room.
A Little Demon   Going in to Lise, he found her half reclining in the invalid-chair, in which she had been wheeled when she was unable to walk. She did not hold out her hand to him. asked Alyosha. She suddenly laughed. "There is a little. I sometimes dream of devils. "I've had the same dream, too," said Alyosha suddenly. cried Lise, surprised. Lise seemed extraordinarily impressed and for half a minute she was silent. I am awfully fond of pineapple _compote_. Alyosha looked at her in silence. "Simply to ask about that, about that child?" But when he came, I asked him about that at once. "Good," Lise seemed to grind her teeth. she finished in a frenzy. "Give it to him, you must give it to him!" And she slammed the door quickly.
A Hymn And A Secret   It was quite late (days are short in November) when Alyosha rang at the prison gate. His first horror had been succeeded by pity. But Alyosha had an irresistible attraction for him. He scarcely spoke to him, and bowed to him stiffly. "Oh, you mean the trial! "Rakitin knows. Who was Karl Bernard?" And Rakitin will make his way. "He wants to write an article about me, about my case, and so begin his literary career. All that is nonsense! doesn't he dislike Him! And then, all of a sudden, he was turned out of the house. Brother, these last two months I've found in myself a new man. I go for all, because some one must go for all. One cannot exist in prison without God; it's even more impossible than out of prison. And what is suffering? Only how is he going to be good without God? Rakitin laughs. Life's easy for Rakitin. Is it not relative? He has an idea. They've got a doctor down, too, want to prove I'm mad. It's her own doing. exclaimed Alyosha. For a woman--devil only knows what to make of a woman! The past was nothing! Alyosha repeated all Grushenka had said to him that day. "She is a regular woman! Alyosha, listen! I should go to America with Grusha. Ivan thinks not. "His, his, and he is very keen on it. He doesn't ask me, but orders me to escape. But of that later. Don't tell him, for anything." asked Alyosha. Love Ivan!"
On the way to Ivan he had to pass the house where Katerina Ivanovna was living. You are going to her?" Come up, Alyosha, and you, Ivan Fyodorovitch, you must come back, you must. He asks me to spare--whom? Alyosha watched her intently, trying to understand her. "I've been to see Smerdyakov.... she continued, still addressing Ivan. Alyosha started at her tone. Don't leave him alone for a minute!" "He's mad! Don't you know that he's mad? He turned quickly on Alyosha, seeing that he was running after him. "She is mistaken, of course; but she is right that you are ill," said Alyosha. You look very ill, Ivan." Alyosha followed him. "Oh, while I think of it, I have a letter for you," said Alyosha timidly, and he took Lise's note from his pocket and held it out to Ivan. Don't go on about her. Alyosha went on, with timid reproach. If I break off with her now, she will avenge herself on me by ruining that scoundrel to-morrow at the trial, for she hates him and knows she hates him. She's got a document in her hands, in Mitya's own writing, that proves conclusively that he did murder Fyodor Pavlovitch." cried Alyosha. "Who is the murderer then, according to you?" "It was not you killed father, not you!" Alyosha repeated firmly. "No, Ivan. They were both silent. "You've been in my room!" "You've been there at night, when he came.... But by now Ivan had apparently regained his self-control. But Ivan made no reply.
The First Interview With Smerdyakov   This was the third time that Ivan had been to see Smerdyakov since his return from Moscow. Ivan had only returned five days after his father's death, so that he was not present at the funeral, which took place the day before he came back. But he did not go to them till four days after his arrival. When he got the telegram, he had, of course, set off post-haste to our town. Smerdyakov was lying on a truckle-bed in a separate ward. So at least Ivan fancied. asked Ivan. He had meant to frighten him with the threat of repeating their conversation, and it appeared that Smerdyakov had already reported it all himself. "You might have said it more directly, you blockhead!" Ivan suddenly fired up. "What else is left for him to do?" said Smerdyakov, with a bitter grin. And to his son, too! "I am very thankful for everything. he went out of the hospital. It was just after fancying this, that he met Alyosha in the street. Tell me, did you think then that I desired father's death or not?" "Thanks," snapped Ivan, and, leaving Alyosha, he went quickly on his way. Immediately after that meeting with him, Ivan had not gone home, but went straight to Smerdyakov again.
The Second Visit To Smerdyakov   By that time Smerdyakov had been discharged from the hospital. Smerdyakov managed to sit down on his bench before him. Ivan jumped up and struck him with all his might on the shoulder, so that he fell back against the wall. What about the inheritance?" For if you had a foreboding about me and yet went away, you as good as said to me, 'You can murder my parent, I won't hinder you!' and who would believe you? snarled Ivan. He is not guilty, anyway. I must kill Smerdyakov! Ivan did not go home, but went straight to Katerina Ivanovna and alarmed her by his appearance. He repeated all his conversation with Smerdyakov, every syllable of it. This was the document of which Ivan spoke to Alyosha later on as a "conclusive proof" that Dmitri had killed his father. And he doesn't love you. P.P.P.S.--Katya, pray to God     that some one'll give me the money. When Ivan read this "document" he was convinced. And if not Smerdyakov, then not he, Ivan. A few days later he positively wondered how he could have been so horribly distressed at his suspicions. Nevertheless, he went to see Mitya ten days before the trial and proposed to him a plan of escape--a plan he had obviously thought over a long time. When, after his conversation with Alyosha, Ivan suddenly decided with his hand on the bell of his lodging to go to Smerdyakov, he obeyed a sudden and peculiar impulse of indignation. "I shall kill him, perhaps, this time," he thought on the way.
Ivan strode alone in the darkness, unconscious of the storm, instinctively picking out his way. The peasant went flying backwards and fell like a log on the frozen ground. Ivan stepped up to him. "He will be frozen," thought Ivan, and he went on his way to Smerdyakov's. "Why, does he make a row?" Ivan opened the door and stepped into the room. Ivan stopped short. cried Ivan. "Is this because the trial begins to- morrow? Ivan looked at him speechless. Ivan started. Smerdyakov caught him up again. Ivan jumped up and seized him by the shoulder. He only riveted his eyes on Ivan with insane hatred. He is the third beside us now. "It's a lie that you killed him!" "What is it?" Take them," Smerdyakov suggested to Ivan, nodding at the notes. I kept thinking of Dmitri. sighed Smerdyakov. Everything, as it happened. Go on." "They laid me on the bed. "And if he hadn't come?" That was only what I told him, that the money was under the mattress. And afterwards I suggested to Fyodor Pavlovitch, as I was the only person he trusted, to hide the envelope with the notes in the corner behind the ikons, for no one would have guessed that place, especially if they came in a hurry. But I calculated that he would beat him senseless, and I should have time to take it then, and then I'd make out to Fyodor Pavlovitch that it was no one but Dmitri Fyodorovitch who had taken the money after beating him." Smerdyakov looked resolutely at Ivan. Ivan felt that. "Tell me what happened that night." He meant Dmitri Fyodorovitch had been. 'He's killed Grigory!' 'Open.' He opened it. I wiped the paper-weight, put it back, went up to the ikons, took the money out of the envelope, and flung the envelope on the floor and the pink ribbon beside it. I went out into the garden all of a tremble, straight to the apple-tree with a hollow in it--you know that hollow. "What about the door? Your eyes are yellow," Smerdyakov commented, without the least irony, with apparent sympathy in fact. "Take that money away with you," Smerdyakov sighed. Ivan looked at him with great surprise. That was quite right what you taught me, for you talked a lot to me about that. Smerdyakov waved his hand again. You won't go to give evidence," Smerdyakov decided with conviction. Take the money." Ivan rose from his seat. Ivan cried again, and he walked out of the cottage. Ivan seized him and lifted him in his arms. He decided the question by turning back to the house. "Everything together to-morrow!" He sank wearily on his sofa.
The Devil. He knew that he was unwell, but he loathed the thought of being ill at that fatal time, at the approaching crisis in his life, when he needed to have all his wits about him, to say what he had to say boldly and resolutely and "to justify himself to himself." Some one appeared to be sitting there, though goodness knows how he had come in, for he had not been in the room when Ivan came into it, on his return from Smerdyakov. You went to Smerdyakov's to find out about Katerina Ivanovna, but you came away without finding out anything about her, you probably forgot--"  "Ah, yes," broke from Ivan and his face grew gloomy with uneasiness. That, they say, is a material proof, so to speak, of the existence of another world. "I seem to be delirious.... I want to walk about the room.... Ivan went into the corner, took a towel, and did as he said, and with a wet towel on his head began walking up and down the room. I'll get the better of you. you were thinking of me then. "Don't talk of Alyosha! Ivan laughed again. Ivan said through his clenched teeth. "I am poor, but ... Ivan snapped out. repeated Ivan. "The devil have rheumatism!" A statesman confessed to me, indeed, that all his best ideas came to him when he was asleep. Oh, yes! He pulled the wet towel off and flung it away in vexation. "But I am not fibbing, it's all the truth; the truth is unhappily hardly ever amusing. He sent me a book and some drops, bless him, and, only fancy, Hoff's malt extract cured me! What use is a letter of thanks if it's anonymous? 'Who doesn't believe in the devil? As a joke, if you like.' If everything in the universe were sensible, nothing would happen. There would be no events without you, and there must be events. Ivan cried with the same savage intensity. "You don't know, but you see God? This legend is about Paradise. There was, they say, here on earth a thinker and philosopher. He rejected everything, 'laws, conscience, faith,' and, above all, the future life. He died; he expected to go straight to darkness and death and he found a future life before him. 'This is against my principles!' he said. Well, this man, who was condemned to the quadrillion kilometers, stood still, looked round and lay down across the road. "That's the point, that he isn't. He lay there almost a thousand years and then he got up and went on." "Much more than that. The Russian temperament. I made up that anecdote and told it to a schoolfellow called Korovkin, it was at Moscow.... "But you have the thousandth of a grain. The object of your visit is to convince me of your existence!" "Just so. cried Ivan. cries the priest. I drew back. I heard the priest at the grating making an appointment with her for the evening--though he was an old man hard as flint, he fell in an instant! What, you are turning up your nose again? "I forbid you to speak of _The Grand Inquisitor_," cried Ivan, crimson with shame. That was a poem, now!" Stupid fellows! It's that, that we must begin with. Man will be lifted up with a spirit of divine Titanic pride and the man- god will appear. Ivan sat with his eyes on the floor, and his hands pressed to his ears, but he began trembling all over. The voice continued. "He remembers Luther's inkstand! A loud, persistent knocking was suddenly heard at the window. Ivan jumped up from the sofa. Ivan wanted to rush to the window, but something seemed to fetter his arms and legs. cried Ivan. "An hour ago Smerdyakov hanged himself," Alyosha answered from the yard.
"It Was He Who Said That"   Alyosha coming in told Ivan that a little over an hour ago Marya Kondratyevna had run to his rooms and informed him Smerdyakov had taken his own life. When Alyosha ran with her to the cottage, he found Smerdyakov still hanging. Alyosha left the note on the table and went straight to the police captain and told him all about it. "I knew he had hanged himself." Ivan raised his head and smiled softly. I know where it is--here," said Alyosha, finding a clean towel, folded up and unused, by Ivan's dressing- table in the other corner of the room. Ivan looked strangely at the towel: recollection seemed to come back to him for an instant. asked Alyosha. But he was sitting here, on that sofa there.... "The devil! How did I know that Smerdyakov had hanged himself? Alyosha could not help crying, looking frankly at his brother. He said that about me. Alyosha entreated him. And Smerdyakov said the same. He sat watching over him for another two hours. As he fell asleep he prayed for Mitya and Ivan.
The Fatal Day   At ten o'clock in the morning of the day following the events I have described, the trial of Dmitri Karamazov began in our district court. We all knew that the affair had aroused great interest, that every one was burning with impatience for the trial to begin, that it had been a subject of talk, conjecture, exclamation and surmise for the last two months in local society. People said she intended to petition the Government for leave to accompany the criminal to Siberia and to be married to him somewhere in the mines. The court was packed and overflowing long before the judges made their appearance. At ten o'clock the three judges arrived--the President, one honorary justice of the peace, and one other. The prosecutor, of course, entered immediately after. I remember the twelve jurymen--four were petty officials of the town, two were merchants, and six peasants and artisans of the town. The artisans of Skotoprigonyevsk are almost peasants, and even work on the land. One could have heard a fly. Then followed a list of persons who were to take part in the proceedings--that is, of the witnesses and experts. Four of the witnesses were not present--Miuesov, who had given evidence at the preliminary inquiry, but was now in Paris; Madame Hohlakov and Maximov, who were absent through illness; and Smerdyakov, through his sudden death, of which an official statement from the police was presented. What struck people most was Mitya's sudden outburst As soon as the statement of Smerdyakov's death was made, he cried out aloud from his place:  "He was a dog and died like a dog!" The clerk read it loudly and distinctly. Then he ordered the case to proceed. After an exhortation from the priest and the President, the witnesses were led away and were made to sit as far as possible apart from one another.
I only know that the witnesses for the prosecution were called first. The men were more interested in the contest between the prosecutor and the famous Fetyukovitch. But Fetyukovitch remained an enigma to all up to the very end, up to his speech. "It wasn't fair either of the father to wrong his son over his mother's property, which was by right his." He observed that he was not angry with Mitya for having knocked him down and struck him on the face; he had forgiven him long ago, he said. "Have you ever seen it, you, who were for so many years in close attendance on your master?" This question about the envelope Fetyukovitch put to every one who could conceivably have known of it, as persistently as the prosecutor asked his question about Dmitri's inheritance, and got the same answer from all, that no one had seen the envelope, though many had heard of it. And all dissolved in vodka?" "It might have been a tumbler-full." Perhaps a tumbler and a half?" You might see the gates of heaven open, not only the door into the garden?" Grigory remained silent. "I am a servant," Grigory said suddenly, in a loud and distinct voice. The President, turning to the prisoner, asked him whether he had any comment to make on the evidence of the last witness. There were even two or three outbreaks of applause when he spoke of serfdom and the distressed condition of Russia. But Rakitin, in his youthful ardor, made a slight blunder, of which the counsel for the defense at once adroitly took advantage. Mitya, of course, was pulled up again for the intemperance of his language, but Rakitin was done for. He said that at the stone. Now he is dying...."  The captain suddenly began sobbing, and plumped down on his knees before the President. The same thing happened with the Poles. But Fetyukovitch caught them, too, in his snares. Kalganov confirmed this, and both the Poles left the witness-box with damaged reputations, amidst laughter from the public.
The medical experts were the famous doctor from Moscow, our doctor, Herzenstube, and the young doctor, Varvinsky. The first to be called in the capacity of expert was Doctor Herzenstube. He was a kind-hearted and humane man. He, he!" His remark that the prisoner ought to have looked at the ladies on entering roused a whisper of amusement in the audience. He laughed unexpectedly when there was nothing to laugh at. As to the question whether the prisoner should have looked to the left or to the right on entering the court, "in his modest opinion," the prisoner would naturally look straight before him on entering the court, as he had in fact done, as that was where the judges, on whom his fate depended, were sitting. So that it was just by looking straight before him that he showed his perfectly normal state of mind at the present. But Doctor Herzenstube, when called as a witness, was quite unexpectedly of use to Mitya. "Oh, yes, I was a young man then.... "And I bought him a pound of nuts, for no one had ever bought the boy a pound of nuts before. He laughed again and lisped, '_Gott der Sohn_.' But I reminded him of it and I felt very sorry for him again. Twenty- three years passed. And I shed tears. He laughed, but he shed tears, too ... for the Russian often laughs when he ought to be weeping.
asked the prosecutor. I believe absolutely that my brother is innocent, and if he didn't commit the murder, then--"  "Then Smerdyakov? "Only from his face? Is that all the proof you have?" On his asking Alyosha when it was that the prisoner had told him of his hatred for his father and that he might kill him, and whether he had heard it, for instance, at their last meeting before the catastrophe, Alyosha started as he answered, as though only just recollecting and understanding something. Alyosha exclaimed in conclusion. Mitya confirmed it, saying that he had been pointing to the fifteen hundred roubles which were on his breast, just below the neck, and that that was, of course, the disgrace, "A disgrace I cannot deny, the most shameful act of my whole life," cried Mitya. Thanks, Alyosha!" Alyosha was glad. Katerina Ivanovna was called to the witness-box. As she entered something extraordinary happened in the court. When they asked her about the three thousand she had entrusted to Mitya to post to her relations, she said firmly, "I didn't give him the money simply to send it off. She must have understood it, yet she made up her mind to tell everything. Grushenka was called. But of that later. inquired the prosecutor. Rakitin?" "Why, he is my cousin. Ivan was called to give evidence.
But the usher of the court announced to the President that, owing to an attack of illness or some sort of fit, the witness could not appear at the moment, but was ready to give his evidence as soon as he recovered. "Well, and what else?" They were trying to put on her sarafan to take her to church to be married, and she said, 'I'll stand up if I like, and I won't if I don't.'... It's in some book about the peasantry." "Why, this," Ivan suddenly pulled out a roll of notes. He murdered him and I incited him to do it ... Who doesn't desire his father's death?" "You can't expect eloquence from a murderer," he added suddenly for some reason and laughed a queer laugh. "He has a tail, your excellency, and that would be irregular! That's because his heart is light! Alyosha rushed towards him, but the court usher had already seized Ivan by the arm. she pointed to Mitya. The document she had handed up was that letter Mitya had written at the "Metropolis" tavern, which Ivan had spoken of as a "mathematical proof." Now she had taken the fatal plunge. He is a monster! And yet they dragged the evidence out of the raving, hysterical woman. I have the honor to be his only friend!" Then I remember the Moscow doctor appeared on the scene. Every one was excited, every one was electrified by the late catastrophe, and all were awaiting the speeches for the prosecution and the defense with intense impatience.
The Prosecutor's Speech. He died, it is true, nine months later of rapid consumption, so that he had the right, as it turned out, to compare himself to a swan singing his last song. "Gentlemen of the jury," began the prosecutor, "this case has made a stir throughout Russia. What ought to horrify us is that we are so accustomed to it, and not this or that isolated crime. "A great writer(9) of the last epoch, comparing Russia to a swift troika galloping to an unknown goal, exclaims, 'Oh, troika, birdlike troika, who invented thee!' He had no feelings for his duties as a father. "Then the third son. Two or three people clapped their hands at the mention of chauvinism and mysticism. "He is the prisoner before us. While his brothers seem to stand for 'Europeanism' and 'the principles of the people,' he seems to represent Russia as she is. There he led a wild life as an officer. A letter is in existence in which he practically gives up his claim to the rest and settles his conflict with his father over the inheritance on the payment of this six thousand. And why? He could just as well have said then that he was not a thief, because he brought back fourteen hundred roubles. But we shall return to that later." After touching upon what had come out in the proceedings concerning the financial relations of father and son, and arguing again and again that it was utterly impossible, from the facts known, to determine which was in the wrong, Ippolit Kirillovitch passed to the evidence of the medical experts in reference to Mitya's fixed idea about the three thousand owing him.
Chapter VII. That was the beginning of the passion. We have good evidence of this. His father! Then the prosecutor went on to describe how the idea of murdering his father had entered the prisoner's head, and illustrated his theory with facts. If not, he flies into a rage and smashes up everything in the tavern. And, in fact, from that letter we see that the whole fact of the murder was premeditated. "But note, frantic as he was, he took with him a brass pestle. And he tries to persuade us of that, us, who understand his character, who know his state of mind at the moment, and that he knew the signals by which he could at once enter the house." At this point Ippolit Kirillovitch broke off to discuss exhaustively the suspected connection of Smerdyakov with the murder.
But of that later. Here Ippolit Kirillovitch thought it necessary to describe the personality of Smerdyakov, "who had cut short his life in a fit of insanity." But, if we are to believe the prisoner's statement that he is not the murderer, then Smerdyakov must have been, for there is no other alternative, no one else can be found. If Smerdyakov killed him, how did he do it? Alone or with the assistance of the prisoner? Is that logical? But as this attack of Smerdyakov's was bound to throw the household into confusion, Dmitri Karamazov could never have agreed to such a plan. 'He murdered and robbed him. And only yesterday he confessed his guilt to Ivan Karamazov, as the latter informs us. A week ago, quite by chance, the fact came to the knowledge of myself and two other persons in this court that Ivan Fyodorovitch had sent two five per cent. I will take a roll of notes and say that Smerdyakov gave them me before his death.' Would he have left the envelope on the floor? For that was the idea which had become almost an insane obsession in Dmitri Karamazov in regard to that money. Would you believe it, he tells us that he leapt down out of pity, out of compassion, to see whether he could do anything for him.
Chapter IX. The End Of The Prosecutor's Speech. He ran for the pistols he had left in pledge with his friend Perhotin and on the way, as he ran, he pulled out of his pocket the money, for the sake of which he had stained his hands with his father's gore. 'To her, to her! But now the turning comes to the next street. I imagine that part of the money was hidden in that house, not long before the arrest, in some crevice, under some floor, in some corner, under the roof. He was caught unawares and confronted with his judges, the arbiters of his destiny. And no doubt only at that moment of angry silence, the fiction of the little bag first occurred to him. 'I made it myself.' Ippolit Kirillovitch passed to his final peroration. Do not disappoint Russia and her expectations. Do not heap up their growing hatred by a sentence justifying the murder of a father by his son!" When he had finished his speech, he went out hurriedly and, as I have mentioned before, almost fainted in the adjoining room. In a third group:  "What lady is that, the fat one, with the lorgnette, sitting at the end?"
The Speech For The Defense. An Argument That Cuts Both Ways   All was hushed as the first words of the famous orator rang out. His speech might be divided into two parts, the first consisting of criticism in refutation of the charge, sometimes malicious and sarcastic. What I have in my mind is this: there is an overwhelming chain of evidence against the prisoner, and at the same time not one fact that will stand criticism, if it is examined separately. But I will take as an example any point in the prosecutor's speech. "Here you have psychology; but let us take the same method and apply it to the case the other way round, and our result will be no less probable. So on one side you see a complete absence of precaution, a man who has lost his head and run away in a fright, leaving that clew on the floor, and two minutes later, when he has killed another man, we are entitled to assume the most heartless and calculating foresight in him. Here we have a different psychology. Sounds of approval and laughter, at the expense of the prosecutor, were again audible in the court.
"But I shall be asked: What about the envelope on the floor? Yet, it will be objected, Smerdyakov had seen the money in the envelope. Why is it out of the question? Yet no one had ever seen these notes. Is it the same in the present case? And yet it is a question of life and death. It's just this consideration that has led the prosecutor to assume that the money is hidden in some crevice at Mokroe. What if you've been weaving a romance, and about quite a different kind of man? 'If Fyodor Pavlovitch doesn't give the money,' he thought, 'I shall be put in the position of a thief before Katerina Ivanovna.' Did the prisoner take the envelope from under the pillow, did he find the money, did that money exist indeed?
Then the equally startling evidence given in court to-day by the elder of the prisoner's brothers, who had believed in his guilt, but has to-day produced a bundle of notes and proclaimed Smerdyakov as the murderer. He was disrespectful to the servant Grigory and his wife, who had cared for him in his childhood. But it is very easy to point out that moment. A terrible lust of money, of booty, might seize upon him as he realized his security from detection. And perhaps Smerdyakov alone knew where to find it, where his master kept it. What's more, it struck me at the time. and the old man falling with a broken head. At this point the speech was interrupted by rather loud applause. Every sound was hushed and Fetyukovitch began in a voice full of feeling quite unlike the tone he had used hitherto.
What is the great idea in that name? I should not have laughed at that in his place. But one must use words honestly, gentlemen, and I venture to call things by their right names: such a father as old Karamazov cannot be called a father and does not deserve to be. The orator went on. he asks, wondering more and more. Our tribune, gentlemen of the jury, ought to be a school of true and sound ideas." Of course, it was not the whole audience, but a good half of it applauded. But his father, his father! As he ran away, he did not know whether he had killed the old man. Such a murder can only be reckoned parricide by prejudice. If so, overwhelm him with your mercy! 'How can I endure this mercy? Not a runaway troika, but the stately chariot of Russia will move calmly and majestically to its goal.
What's the meaning of it? But if parricide is a prejudice, and if every child is to ask his father why he is to love him, what will become of us? And is not the counsel for the defense too modest in asking only for the acquittal of the prisoner? He only touched again, lightly and ironically, on "romancing" and "psychology," and in an appropriate place quoted, "Jupiter, you are angry, therefore you are wrong," which provoked a burst of approving laughter in the audience, for Ippolit Kirillovitch was by no means like Jupiter. "What am I to say, gentlemen of the jury? The end has come to an erring man! The jury withdrew and the court adjourned. "The chariot! The jury deliberated for exactly an hour, neither more nor less. and without the slightest extenuating comment. Mitya was taken away. The passing of the sentence was deferred till next day.
Plans For Mitya's Escape   Very early, at nine o'clock in the morning, five days after the trial, Alyosha went to Katerina Ivanovna's to talk over a matter of great importance to both of them, and to give her a message. Katerina Ivanovna exclaimed suddenly, her lips quivering with anger. Oh, he foresaw his illness! He had never, never persuaded me that his brother was a murderer. She was suffering for her "treachery" at the trial, and Alyosha felt that her conscience was impelling her to confess it to him, to him, Alyosha, with tears and cries and hysterical writhings on the floor. And yet it was she who had betrayed him. she faltered, turning pale. "He needs you particularly just now. So much has happened to him since that day. He realizes that he has injured you beyond all reckoning. I knew he would ask me to come. It's impossible!" Think--you must visit him; though he is ruined, he is innocent," broke like a challenge from Alyosha. "Then you will come," said Alyosha firmly, seeing her tears.
For A Moment The Lie Becomes Truth   He hurried to the hospital where Mitya was lying now. ), Doctor Varvinsky had put Mitya not with other prisoners, but in a separate little room, the one where Smerdyakov had been. Alyosha understood his feelings. If Ivan is not well by then she will see to it all herself." He looked timidly at his brother. She only whispered, 'Let her!' "They won't let her go out there to you," Alyosha put in at once. For some they are impossible. Just look at her; is she an American? His voice was trembling with tears. And as soon as we've learnt it--good-by to America! We'll run here to Russia as American citizens. Mitya paused for a minute and said suddenly:  "And how they worked it up at the trial! At that instant Katya appeared in the doorway. She sat down beside him, and still keeping his hands pressed them violently. "What have I come for?" "Love is over, Mitya!" We are both full of hatred! "Alyosha, run after her!" Mitya cried to his brother; "tell her ... "I'll come to you again at nightfall," said Alyosha, and he ran after Katya. I asked her forgiveness because I wanted to punish myself to the bitter end. "Listen: I can't go with you to the funeral now.
Ilusha's Funeral. He had died two days after Mitya was sentenced. It's really horrible to see it. "What is it, Kolya?" "The valet killed him, my brother is innocent," answered Alyosha. But there were flowers too from Katerina Ivanovna, and when Alyosha opened the door, the captain had a bunch in his trembling hands and was strewing them again over his dear boy. "Father, give mother a flower!" Nina pressed her lips to her brother's for the last time as they bore the coffin by her. They had not far to carry the coffin to the church, not more than three hundred paces. "And the crust of bread, we've forgotten the crust!" "Ilusha told me to, Ilusha," he explained at once to Alyosha. They reached the church at last and set the coffin in the middle of it. At last came the funeral service itself and candles were distributed. After the customary rites the grave- diggers lowered the coffin. Snegiryov with his flowers in his hands bent down so low over the open grave that the boys caught hold of his coat in alarm and pulled him back. The boys and Alyosha kept up with him. Some one called to him to put on his hat as it was cold. All the boys were crying, and Kolya and the boy who discovered about Troy most of all. "Where have you taken him away? "The landlady is laying the table for them now--there'll be a funeral dinner or something, the priest is coming; shall we go back to it, Karamazov?" "Of course," said Alyosha. Meantime they were strolling slowly along the path and suddenly Smurov exclaimed:  "There's Ilusha's stone, under which they wanted to bury him." They all stood still by the big stone. I say that again. How good life is when one does something good and just!" "Karamazov, we love you!" Kolya shouted ecstatically. laughed Alyosha. Hurrah for Karamazov!" 6 When a monk's body is carried out from the cell to the church and       from the church to the graveyard, the canticle "What earthly joy..."       is sung.
I repeat, it was not stupidity--the majority of these fantastical fellows are shrewd and intelligent enough--but just senselessness, and a peculiar national form of it. He was married twice, and had three sons, the eldest, Dmitri, by his first wife, and two, Ivan and Alexey, by his second. What gave the marriage piquancy was that it was preceded by an elopement, and this greatly captivated Adelaida Ivanovna's fancy. Immediately after the elopement Adelaida Ivanovna discerned in a flash that she had no feeling for her husband but contempt. Finally, she left the house and ran away from Fyodor Pavlovitch with a destitute divinity student, leaving Mitya, a child of three years old, in her husband's hands. And just at that time his wife's family received the news of her death in Petersburg. His behavior as a father was exactly what might be expected. In the course of his career he had come into contact with many of the most Liberal men of his epoch, both in Russia and abroad. He had an independent property of about a thousand souls, to reckon in the old style. He spent an irregular boyhood and youth. He did not stay long with him, and made haste to get away, having only succeeded in obtaining a sum of money, and entering into an agreement for future payments from the estate, of the revenues and value of which he was unable (a fact worthy of note), upon this occasion, to get a statement from his father. The young man was overwhelmed, suspected deceit and cheating, and was almost beside himself. The Second Marriage And The Second Family   Very shortly after getting his four-year-old Mitya off his hands Fyodor Pavlovitch married a second time. He took this second wife, Sofya Ivanovna, also a very young girl, from another province, where he had gone upon some small piece of business in company with a Jew. As he had received no dowry with his wife, and had, so to speak, taken her "from the halter," he did not stand on ceremony with her. Making her feel that she had "wronged" him, he took advantage of her phenomenal meekness and submissiveness to trample on the elementary decencies of marriage. He gathered loose women into his house, and carried on orgies of debauchery in his wife's presence. They were completely forgotten and abandoned by their father. She was still alive, and had not, all those eight years, forgotten the insult done her. All that time she was obtaining exact information as to her Sofya's manner of life, and hearing of her illness and hideous surroundings she declared aloud two or three times to her retainers:  "It serves her right. God has punished her for her ingratitude." He became especially fond of the younger, Alexey, who lived for a long while as one of his family. The article dealt with a subject which was being debated everywhere at the time--the position of the ecclesiastical courts. It seemed strange on the face of it that a young man so learned, so proud, and apparently so cautious, should suddenly visit such an infamous house and a father who had ignored him all his life, hardly knew him, never thought of him, and would not under any circumstances have given him money, though he was always afraid that his sons Ivan and Alexey would also come to ask him for it. I may add that Ivan appeared at the time in the light of a mediator between his father and his elder brother Dmitri, who was in open quarrel with his father and even planning to bring an action against him. That was the picture! He was dreamy, for instance, and rather solitary. He never tried to show off among his schoolfellows. Perhaps because of this, he was never afraid of any one, yet the boys immediately understood that he was not proud of his fearlessness and seemed to be unaware that he was bold and courageous. It was perhaps a year before he visited the cemetery again. He slobbered every time he began to speak. The old man knew that the elder Zossima, who was living in the monastery hermitage, had made a special impression upon his "gentle boy." You know, it's interesting in its own way, of course, as a variety. But go and get at the truth there, and then come and tell me. And he even began blubbering. Was it the miracle forced him to believe? What was such an elder? An elder was one who took your soul, your will, into his soul and his will. But here is a recent instance. Possibly his youthful imagination was deeply stirred by the power and fame of his elder. Alyosha knew that this was just how the people felt and even reasoned. The pretext for this gathering was a false one. It was at this time that the discord between Dmitri and his father seemed at its acutest stage and their relations had become insufferably strained. Fyodor Pavlovitch seems to have been the first to suggest, apparently in joke, that they should all meet in Father Zossima's cell, and that, without appealing to his direct intervention, they might more decently come to an understanding under the conciliating influence of the elder's presence. Alyosha was much perturbed when he heard of the proposed visit. Though he said nothing, Alyosha thoroughly understood his father. Alyosha was not greatly cheered by the letter.
The visitors left their carriage at the hotel, outside the precincts, and went to the gates of the monastery on foot. Among the humbler people were a few of higher rank--two or three ladies and a very old general. The honor and glory of the monastery, Zossima. "The Father Superior is engaged just now. Miuesov frowned more than ever. They are always outside the precincts. He was a divinity student, living under the protection of the monastery. Being in a subordinate and dependent position, and so not on an equality with the guests, he did not greet them with a bow. Father Zossima was accompanied by a novice, and by Alyosha. The monks sat, one at the door and the other at the window. "Fyodor Pavlovitch, this is unbearable! Why are you playing the fool?" "Great elder, speak! And, above all, do not be so ashamed of yourself, for that is at the root of it all." he fell suddenly on his knees, "what must I do to gain eternal life?" It was difficult even now to decide whether he was joking or really moved. Two ladies, Madame Hohlakov and her daughter, had also come out into the portico to wait for the elder, but in a separate part of it set aside for women of rank. She sighed deeply. He says that to me, but he weeps himself. He is living, for the soul lives for ever, and though he is not in the house he is near you, unseen. But then he will send you gentle dreams. His soul will be troubled,' she said, 'and he will write you a letter.' The elder sat down on the lower step. And then the thought came to me--"  "Stay!" said the elder, and he put his ear close to her lips. asked the elder. And if you love you are of God. Love is such a priceless treasure that you can redeem the whole world by it, and expiate not only your own sins but the sins of others." He blessed them all and bowed low to them. When the elder went up to her at last she met him enthusiastically. "And that's not all. But she wants to see you at once. If only for her suffering.... "I suffer ... from lack of faith." The thought of the life beyond the grave distracts me to anguish, to terror. She clasped her hands. "By the experience of active love. In as far as you advance in love you will grow surer of the reality of God and of the immortality of your soul. If you attain to perfect self-forgetfulness in the love of your neighbor, then you will believe without doubt, and no doubt can possibly enter your soul. Must one despair?" "Lise, Lise! Bless her--bless her!" "She does not deserve to be loved.
The elder's absence from his cell had lasted for about twenty-five minutes. Ivan and the two monks took the leading share in it. "As far as Church jurisdiction is concerned he is apparently quite opposed to the separation of Church from State." Father Zossima asked Ivan. That is the gist of my article." "Why," began the elder, "all these sentences to exile with hard labor, and formerly with flogging also, reform no one, and what's more, deter hardly a single criminal, and the number of crimes does not diminish but is continually on the increase. So that it is only against the Church, and not against the State, that the criminal of to-day can recognize that he has sinned. Now the Church having no real jurisdiction, but only the power of moral condemnation, withdraws of her own accord from punishing the criminal actively. What was said here just now is true too, that is, that if the jurisdiction of the Church were introduced in practice in its full force, that is, if the whole of the society were changed into the Church, not only the judgment of the Church would have influence on the reformation of the criminal such as it never has now, but possibly also the crimes themselves would be incredibly diminished. cried Miuesov, suddenly breaking out; "the State is eliminated and the Church is raised to the position of the State. He glanced casually at Rakitin, who was standing immovable in his place by the door listening and watching intently though with downcast eyes. He was rather courteous than open, as Frenchmen know how to be courteous, especially to a foreigner. Father Paissy asked directly, without beating about the bush. Father Zossima, rising in his chair, blessed him. Dmitri bowed generally to all present, and without a word walked to the window with his long, resolute stride, sat down on the only empty chair, near Father Paissy, and, bending forward, prepared to listen to the conversation he had interrupted. He was breathless. "He says that to his father! But every one in the cell was stirred. was heard on all sides in the cell. Where's that monk?" He met them as soon as they came down the steps from the elder's cell, as though he had been waiting for them all the time. "Here he is, going to the dinner as though nothing had happened," he thought. A Young Man Bent On A Career   Alyosha helped Father Zossima to his bedroom and seated him on his bed. When it is God's will to call me, leave the monastery. This is not your place for the time. I bless you for great service in the world. There will be much to do. Be near your brothers. Alyosha believed that implicitly. He had told him not to weep, and to leave the monastery. "Yes, of Father Zossima." It'll be remembered to his glory: 'He predicted the crime and marked the criminal!' "Grushenka? "I understand that," Alyosha jerked out suddenly. Observe that. Those are the most fatal people! And Katerina Ivanovna will not in the end refuse such a fascinating man as Ivan. "Ivan is above that. His mind is in bondage. His article is absurd and ridiculous. That Grushenka a relation of mine!" Have the Karamazovs been making trouble again? There was reason for Rakitin's exclamations. He told the coachman to wait, while with rapid steps he returned to the monastery and straight to the Father Superior's. and ... cried Fyodor Pavlovitch, "that he absolutely cannot and certainly cannot? You stung him by what you said about family harmony, Father Superior, he does not admit he is my relation. and he made Fyodor Pavlovitch a low bow. The old lies and formal prostrations. And who has provided it all? Meanwhile, Fyodor Pavlovitch had got into the carriage, and Ivan was about to follow him in grim silence without even turning to say good-by to Alyosha. He ran up, panting, afraid of being too late. Rakitin and Alyosha saw him running. He can lie somewhere at our feet. And they did not speak again all the way home.
He was honest and incorruptible. It happened even (very rarely however) that Fyodor Pavlovitch went at night to the lodge to wake Grigory and fetch him for a moment. When it was born, he was overwhelmed with grief and horror. The baby had six fingers. "A dragon? It happened that, on the very night after the burial of his child, Marfa was awakened by the wail of a new-born baby. She was frightened and waked her husband. It was a rather warm night in May. An idiot girl, who wandered about the streets and was known to the whole town by the nickname of Lizaveta Smerdyastchaya (Stinking Lizaveta), had got into the bath- house and had just given birth to a child. She lay dying with the baby beside her. She would walk into strange houses, and no one drove her away. Some of the townspeople declared that she did all this only from pride, but that is hardly credible. It is true that at that time he was overdoing his part as a buffoon. Grigory rushed to Marfa and sent her to Lizaveta, while he ran to fetch an old midwife who lived close by. The townspeople were pleased at his adopting the foundling. But in spite of his uneasiness he did not stand still. He was afraid of that woman, Katerina Ivanovna. He thought of her as a beautiful, proud, imperious girl. She was trying to save his brother Dmitri simply through generosity, though he had already behaved badly to her. Dmitri he was even more certain not to find there, and he had a foreboding of the reason. He had a great longing to run and see his brother Dmitri before that fateful interview. He knew her house. And meanwhile his father was expecting him, and perhaps had not yet forgotten his command. asked Alyosha. Over there. Sit down. Why, to send you to father and to her, Katerina Ivanovna, so as to have done with her and with father. I should like to begin--my confession--with Schiller's _Hymn to Joy_, _An die Freude_! Would he purge his soul from vileness     And attain to light and worth,     He must turn and cling for ever     To his ancient Mother Earth. Never! And in the very depths of that degradation I begin a hymn of praise. The Confession Of A Passionate Heart--In Anecdote   "I was leading a wild life then. She was the daughter of an official, a sweet, gentle, submissive creature. Enough of this filth with you. "But can you?" Many women like such freedom, and she was a girl too, which made it very amusing. She gave her services freely without asking for payment, but if any one offered her payment, she didn't refuse. Shortly afterwards he was ordered to retire. He had enemies certainly. His friends all turned their backs on him. "Suddenly the new major arrived to take command of the battalion. He used to go to the fair, do a profitable business with the money, and return the whole sum to the colonel, bringing with it a present from the fair, as well as interest on the loan. The lieutenant-colonel flew to him. She jumped up and ran away. Well, so much for that 'adventure' with Katerina Ivanovna. "And I? "Stop, Dmitri. Well, I spent the rest of the money on such an orgy that the new major was obliged to reprimand me. Don't be afraid. That letter stabs me even now. And why? I shall drown in the back- alley, and she will marry Ivan." How can you break off the engagement if she, your betrothed, doesn't want to?" Alyosha!" he cried. 'He sends his compliments,' and she'll ask you, 'What about the money?' "To father?" "As though he would! He knows her nature; he knows the cat. On the envelope is written: 'To my angel, Grushenka, when she will come to me.' I've established myself in his room. "No one but Smerdyakov knows, then?" Go to him, Alyosha, and ask for the three thousand." "Grushenka?
Smerdyakov   He did in fact find his father still at table. The servants, Grigory and Smerdyakov, were standing by. Here he is!" How he talks!" But this teaching came to nothing. "What's that for?" When Fyodor Pavlovitch heard of this development in Smerdyakov he determined to make him his cook, and sent him to Moscow to be trained. Yet he is not thinking; he is "contemplating." Sipping his brandy and listening to the story, he observed that they ought to make a saint of a soldier like that, and to take his skin to some monastery. Ivan listened with perfect seriousness to his father's excited whisper. Isn't that so?" Alyosha! "I'm not talking about his faith. he cried to the servants. he added to Ivan. "And when will the time come?" I'll have one more, and then another, and then I'll stop. And the girl he has thrashed to-day, the young man will ask in marriage to-morrow. It's not enough to cut their heads off, for they keep back progress. "That Truth may prevail. "Very much." "No, there is no God." "There is no immortality either." "Alyosha, is there immortality?" "There is." In God is immortality." to think what faith, what force of all kinds, man has lavished for nothing, on that dream, and for how many thousand years. Does he exist?" And that from you. "But, of course, he believes in God." "Not a bit of it. And he kissed his hand with a smack. Can you understand that? The very fact that she is a woman is half the battle ... but how could you understand that? Run at once, challenge him to a duel!'... Here it is. It's like her, exactly as she used to be then, his mother. He's upset about his mother, his mother," he muttered to Ivan. Was she not?" "Your mother?" He stopped. A broad, drunken, half-senseless grin overspread his face. "Then she's there! Out of the way, scoundrel!" Smerdyakov remained pale and trembling at the other end of the room, huddling close to Fyodor Pavlovitch. shouted Dmitri. Where is she? Where is she?" he cried, and dashed after Dmitri. Ivan and Alyosha ran after their father. shouted the old man. "Help!" Ivan and Alyosha caught the old man and were forcibly bringing him back. He was not expecting Grushenka at the time, and the sudden news that she was here made him beside himself. "He's been stealing money in my bedroom." You've killed him!" "Dmitri! Compliments, his compliments! Meanwhile Ivan and Grigory had raised the old man and seated him in an arm-chair. He was still fancying that Grushenka really was somewhere in the house. Dmitri looked at him with hatred as he went out. he cried. "Beware, old man, beware of your dream, for I have my dream, too. Smerdyakov! At last they got the old man undressed, and put him to bed. Ivan and Alyosha went back to the drawing-room. whispered Ivan to Alyosha. Stay here, Alyosha, I'll go for a turn in the yard. The old man suddenly opened his eyes and gazed for a long while at Alyosha, evidently remembering and meditating. "In the yard. She has not been here." "She won't marry him." "Take it home and keep it for yourself. "To Katerina Ivanovna." Dmitri has asked you to go to her and say that he--well, in fact--takes his leave of her?" And as for rights--who has not the right to wish?" Both Together   Alyosha left his father's house feeling even more exhausted and dejected in spirit than when he had entered it. And these women? Alyosha knew that she lived with two aunts. There had been no conversation between them at that interview, however. "Quite so, brother. Alyosha realized at the first glance, at the first word, that all the tragedy of her position in relation to the man she loved so dearly was no secret to her; that she perhaps already knew everything, positively everything. "I believe that is it." I want to save him for ever. Again Katerina Ivanovna laughed strangely. That girl is an angel. This is a friend. This is Alyosha. The portiere was raised and Grushenka herself, smiling and beaming, came up to the table. "I wanted to know her, to see her. Grushenka has explained everything to me, told me all she means to do. We have only been unfortunate. That was long ago, five years ago, and he has forgotten us, he has married. Is it for me to defend you? said Katerina Ivanovna, somewhat surprised. "Ah, just now! "As you please. "For sale indeed! Grushenka ran out of the house, laughing musically. yelled Katerina Ivanovna. "He! Alyosha walked out into the street reeling. By her house? But what's the matter?" Look at the night. So there is a man, then, whom I love. Was she furious?" Whom?" Alyosha described all that had happened from the moment he went in to Katerina Ivanovna's. And a tigress she is! "But Katerina Ivanovna!" Dmitri frowned fiercely, and struck his forehead with his hand. "You know me now, a scoundrel, an avowed scoundrel, but let me tell you that I've never done anything before and never shall again, anything that can compare in baseness with the dishonor which I bear now at this very minute on my breast, here, here, which will come to pass, though I'm perfectly free to stop it. The filthy back-alley and the she- devil. Away!" Alyosha went towards the monastery. Alyosha learnt with alarm that he was getting worse and worse. "He is weaker, a drowsiness has come over him," Father Paissy whispered to Alyosha, as he blessed him. Alyosha firmly and ardently resolved that in spite of his promises to his father, the Hohlakovs, and Katerina Ivanovna, he would not leave the monastery next day, but would remain with his elder to the end. But before going to bed, he fell on his knees and prayed a long time. In it was a letter to him, signed by Lise, the young daughter of Madame Hohlakov, who had laughed at him before the elder in the morning.
After the service was over the elder desired to kiss and take leave of every one. Alyosha remembered afterwards something of what he said to them. "Love one another, Fathers," said Father Zossima, as far as Alyosha could remember afterwards. When he realizes that he is not only worse than others, but that he is responsible to all men for all and everything, for all human sins, national and individual, only then the aim of our seclusion is attained. When Alyosha happened for a moment to leave the cell, he was struck by the general excitement and suspense in the monks who were crowding about it. All were expecting that some marvel would happen immediately after the elder's death. In it she informed Alyosha of a strange and very opportune incident. This Father Ferapont was that aged monk so devout in fasting and observing silence who has been mentioned already, as antagonistic to Father Zossima and the whole institution of "elders," which he regarded as a pernicious and frivolous innovation. Father Ferapont never went to see the elder. Father Ferapont was sitting at the door of his cell on a low bench. He spoke with a broad accent. Nowadays the unclean deny that there is need of such fasting. "He speaks." This was why the news of the fresh "miracle" performed by Father Zossima reduced him to extreme perplexity. He made haste that he might finish what he had to do in the town and return quickly. At His Father's   First of all, Alyosha went to his father. On the way he remembered that his father had insisted the day before that he should come without his brother Ivan seeing him. Alyosha wondered suddenly. Why do you say such things?" Ivan is a conceited coxcomb, but he has no particular learning ... nor education either. Alyosha listened to him in silence. If he does speak, he gives himself airs. He is a scoundrel, your Ivan!" "There! He is a low cad! The old man was a little surprised. And what of Dmitri? You are Karamazov, Karamazov!" He seemed to be the eldest. "What's wrong with him?" Coming up to him, Alyosha saw facing him a child of about nine years old. cried the boy. The boy looked darkly at him. Alyosha continued. cried the boy, following Alyosha with the same vindictive and defiant expression, and he threw himself into an attitude of defense, feeling sure that now Alyosha would fall upon him; but Alyosha turned, looked at him, and walked away. The boy stood waiting all the time. The boy stared in amazement. She ran out to Alyosha in the hall. He restored the son to his mother!" He says that he can make nothing of it, that we must wait. Herzenstube always comes and says that he can make nothing of it. He might have bled to death, mamma! "And then I'll talk to you about something quite different. "Oh, Lise, don't scream, above all things don't scream. "What! To marry Grushenka? He had fancied, too, that she was incapable of loving a man like Ivan, and that she did love Dmitri, and loved him just as he was, in spite of all the strangeness of such a passion. If he loved any one, he set to work at once to help him. She made Alyosha sit down beside her, and Madame Hohlakov sat opposite, by Ivan. "That girl is truthful and sincere," he thought, "and she does not love Dmitri any more." Henceforward I will never, never abandon him!" "He is going to Moscow, and you cry out that you are glad. His hat was in his hand. "Ivan!" Katerina Ivanovna went suddenly into the next room. His name is Snegiryov. He will be sure to take it.... Good- by!" But Madame Hohlakov took him by the hand and drew him along with her. "But she has been crying--she has been wounded again," cried Alyosha. "Lise, I have a real sorrow! Alyosha decided to go to him in any case before going to the captain, though he had a presentiment that he would not find his brother. The people of the house, an old cabinet-maker, his son, and his old wife, looked with positive suspicion at Alyosha. On the left of the passage lived the old woman of the house with her old daughter. "It's a monk come to beg for the monastery. A nice place to come to!" muttered Alyosha. "He is come to complain of me, father!" He was throwing stones with other schoolboys. Let him alone!" the captain repeated, "that's just what it is. They don't explore such depths once in their lives. That truth entered into him and crushed him for ever, sir," the captain said hotly again with a sort of frenzy, and he struck his right fist against his left palm as though he wanted to show how "the truth" crushed Ilusha. But I could see his mind was not on his lessons. We chattered a long while. He had gone back to his original tone of resentful buffoonery. And she says she is a sister.... And is that the truth?" The captain flushed red. The man was standing with his neck outstretched and his lips protruding, with a pale and frenzied face. So much for your money! So much for your money!" Then he turned quickly and began to run; but he had not run five steps before he turned completely round and kissed his hand to Alyosha. After smoothing them out, he folded them up, put them in his pocket and went to Katerina Ivanovna to report on the success of her commission.
The Engagement   Madame Hohlakov was again the first to meet Alyosha. She was unconscious now, and what if it turned to brain fever!" She had not time to listen. He is a man of weak and timorous character; he has suffered so much and is very good-natured. He has chosen me as his wife and is quite settled about it. "And in that dress!" she ejaculated in the midst of her mirth. I know that. _He_ told me to marry, too. What will you wear when you come out of the monastery? "That makes it worse! Here it is." Alyosha pulled the letter out laughing, and showed it her at a distance. "Yes, my brothers too," murmured Alyosha, pondering. What is the matter?" But Alyosha did not answer. Alyosha kissed her. and she made the sign of the cross over him. "Make haste back to _him_ while he is alive. asked Alyosha. "It's all so far off. Even while he was saying good-by to Lise, the thought had struck him that he must attempt some stratagem to find his brother Dmitri, who was evidently keeping out of his way. What that catastrophe was, and what he would say at that moment to his brother, he could perhaps not have said definitely. He did not want to be noticed. And the lady must be the daughter of the house here, who has come from Moscow, the one who wears the dress with a tail and goes to Marfa for soup." "I could have done better than that. He is mistaken there. He doesn't know how to do anything, and yet he is respected by every one. A perfect picture! The guitar lay on the garden-seat. asked Alyosha with as much composure as he could. "For Dmitri Fyodorovitch often goes to the summer-house in that way. "I am very anxious to find him, or to learn from you where he is now. Perhaps at this moment he is in the restaurant with Ivan Fyodorovitch, for Ivan Fyodorovitch has not been home to dinner and Fyodor Pavlovitch dined alone an hour ago, and is gone to lie down. repeated Alyosha quickly. "Thank you, Smerdyakov; that's important. He ran to the tavern. Ivan was alone dining. "What's that?" Ivan laughed suddenly. "We shall see each other then in the world. He means it only too seriously, though he is a buffoon. Have you seen Dmitri to-day?" "But he begged me not to tell Dmitri that he had told me about him," added Alyosha. "What of Dmitri and father? "I did that on purpose. Of the eternal questions, of the existence of God and immortality. Alyosha looked searchingly at his brother. And therefore I tell you that I accept God simply. But you must note this: if God exists and if He really did create the world, then, as we all know, He created it according to the geometry of Euclid and the human mind with the conception of only three dimensions in space. It's not that I don't accept God, you must understand, it's the world created by Him I don't and cannot accept. The stupider one is, the clearer one is. "You will explain why you don't accept the world?" For any one to love a man, he must be hidden, for as soon as he shows his face, love is gone." I know that myself, Ivan." To my thinking, Christ-like love for men is a miracle impossible on earth. He was God. Another can never know how much I suffer, because he is another and not I. But enough of that. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it. "Just as he did God, then?" 'This is the happiest day of your life, for you are going to the Lord!' Why, the whole world of knowledge is not worth that child's prayer to 'dear, kind God'! To be shot? cried Ivan. Why should they, too, furnish material to enrich the soil for the harmony of the future? And if it is really true that they must share responsibility for all their fathers' crimes, such a truth is not of this world and is beyond my comprehension. They must be atoned for, or there can be no harmony. I don't want more suffering. And if the sufferings of children go to swell the sum of sufferings which was necessary to pay for truth, then I protest that the truth is not worth such a price. It's not God that I don't accept, Alyosha, only I most respectfully return Him the ticket." "Rebellion? But there is a Being and He can forgive everything, all and for all, because He gave His innocent blood for all and everything. the One without sin and His blood! "You wrote a poem?" "My poem is called 'The Grand Inquisitor'; it's a ridiculous thing, but I want to tell it to you."
He comes on the scene in my poem, but He says nothing, only appears and passes on. The people are irresistibly drawn to Him, they surround Him, they flock about Him, follow Him. "There are cries, sobs, confusion among the people, and at that moment the cardinal himself, the Grand Inquisitor, passes by the cathedral. And such is his power, so completely are the people cowed into submission and trembling obedience to him, that the crowd immediately makes way for the guards, and in the midst of deathlike silence they lay hands on Him and lead Him away. In the pitch darkness the iron door of the prison is suddenly opened and the Grand Inquisitor himself comes in with a light in his hand. Thou must not meddle for the time, at least.' Was this Thy freedom?' 'For now' (he is speaking of the Inquisition, of course) 'for the first time it has become possible to think of the happiness of men. Thou wast warned,' he says to Him. asked Alyosha. "Why, that's the chief part of what the old man must say.  " And yet if there has ever been on earth a real stupendous miracle, it took place on that day, on the day of the three temptations. He has given us fire from heaven!" And if for the sake of the bread of Heaven thousands shall follow Thee, what is to become of the millions and tens of thousands of millions of creatures who will not have the strength to forego the earthly bread for the sake of the heavenly? Didst Thou forget that man prefers peace, and even death, to freedom of choice in the knowledge of good and evil? But didst Thou not know that he would at last reject even Thy image and Thy truth, if he is weighed down with the fearful burden of free choice? That would have been more like love, for his burden would have been lighter. He is weak and vile. It is the pride of a child and a schoolboy. Be angry. Mankind as a whole has always striven to organize a universal state. But the flock will come together again and will submit once more, and then it will be once for all. Though if there were anything in the other world, it certainly would not be for such as they. I left the proud and went back to the humble, for the happiness of the humble. What are these sins of mankind they take on themselves? Your Inquisitor does not believe in God, that's his secret!" "Or was it the end?" When the Inquisitor ceased speaking he waited some time for his Prisoner to answer him. But He suddenly approached the old man in silence and softly kissed him on his bloodless aged lips. The old man shuddered. He went to the door, opened it, and said to Him: 'Go, and come no more ... come not at all, never, never!' "And the old man?" By what will you escape it? Alyosha looked at him in silence. They went out, but stopped when they reached the entrance of the restaurant.
For Awhile A Very Obscure One   And Ivan, on parting from Alyosha, went home to Fyodor Pavlovitch's house. he wondered. But though Smerdyakov always talked of that with great excitement, it was impossible to discover what he desired to come of it. With a feeling of disgust and irritation he tried to pass in at the gate without speaking or looking at Smerdyakov. "Why should I go to Tchermashnya?" said Ivan irritably. Then he will understand that something has happened suddenly and that I must see him, and he will open to me so that I can go and speak to him. Well, those signals are known to Dmitri Fyodorovitch too, now." So I told him those secret signals that he might see my slavish devotion, and might be satisfied that I was not deceiving him, but was telling him all I could." On it is written in his own hand, 'To my angel Grushenka, if she will come,' to which he added three days later, 'for my little chicken.' Ivan stopped again, and again turned quickly to Smerdyakov. "Only Moscow is farther and Tchermashnya is nearer. Though Ivan had said the day before (to Katerina Ivanovna, Alyosha, and Smerdyakov) that he was leaving next day, yet he remembered that he had no thought of departure when he went to bed, or, at least, had not dreamed that his first act in the morning would be to pack his trunk. Go to Tchermashnya on the way. It's eighty versts to the railway and the train starts for Moscow at seven o'clock to-night. What makes him valuable is that he is not from these parts, so he is not afraid of the Maslovs. He says he will give me eleven thousand for the copse. And yet he is a learned man, would you believe it? He is a liar. "I shall be no use in such a business. The old man was quite delighted. I am going to Tchermashnya," broke suddenly from Ivan. "It's a true saying then, that 'it's always worth while speaking to a clever man,' " answered Smerdyakov firmly, looking significantly at Ivan. "Why is it worth while speaking to a clever man? Smerdyakov went to the cellar for something and fell down from the top of the steps. He helped, evidently alarmed and upset. Fyodor Pavlovitch finished his tea as early as possible and locked himself up alone in the house. He had received from Smerdyakov that morning an assurance "that she had promised to come without fail."
Father Zossima had a great affection for this timorous man, and always treated him with marked respect, though perhaps there was no one he had known to whom he had said less, in spite of the fact that he had spent years wandering about holy Russia with him. God bless the mother and the little girl Lizaveta," he crossed himself. "Get up, my dear boy," the elder went on to Alyosha. It seemed strange to Alyosha that he asked so confidently and precisely, about one of his brothers only--but which one? Then perhaps he had sent him out both yesterday and to-day for the sake of that brother. At the dawn of my life when I was a child I had an elder brother who died before my eyes at seventeen. he turned to the novice who waited on him. -------------------------------------  Here I must observe that this last conversation of Father Zossima with the friends who visited him on the last day of his life has been partly preserved in writing. He died when I was only two years old, and I don't remember him at all. He was eight years older than I was, of hasty irritable temperament, but kind-hearted and never ironical. He was remarkably silent, especially at home with me, his mother, and the servants. In the sixth week in Lent, my brother, who was never strong and had a tendency to consumption, was taken ill. This made him angry, and he said something profane about the church. But he was not able to go to church long, he took to his bed, so he had to confess and take the sacrament at home. "Months and years!" he would exclaim. One day is enough for a man to know all happiness. There was a great deal of talk even in the town about his death. Now the devil came before the Lord together with the sons of God, and said to the Lord that he had gone up and down the earth and under the earth. It is like a mold cast of the world and man and human nature, everything is there, and a law for everything for all the ages. But how could he love those new ones when those first children are no more, when he has lost them? But he could, he could. The Duel   _(c) Recollections of Father Zossima's Youth before he became a Monk. I formed an attachment to a beautiful and intelligent young girl of noble and lofty character, the daughter of people much respected. Then, all of a sudden, we were ordered off for two months to another district. What a crime! Then he was completely aghast. "He has disgraced the uniform," they said; "let him resign his commission." "Yes, but he was afraid of his other shot and begged for forgiveness." "No," they would say, "he is a brave fellow, he faced fire and could have fired his own pistol too, but he had a dream the night before that he should become a monk, that's why he did it." So prone is the man of the world to be ashamed of any righteous action. I listened to him and thought that he evidently wanted to tell me something. It's a spiritual, psychological process. After he had ceased to visit her, he took advantage of his knowledge of the house to enter at night through the garden by the roof, at great risk of discovery. He made his way in the dark to her bedroom, where a light was burning. Having done this awful deed, he returned by the way he had come. He was looked upon simply as an acquaintance, and not a very intimate one, of the murdered woman, as for the previous fortnight he had not even visited her. He declared that his nose had been bleeding, but no one believed him. They arrested him, and he was tried for the murder; but a week after the arrest, the prisoner fell sick of a fever and died unconscious in the hospital. And after that the punishment began. "And to part from them, to leave them for ever? he exclaimed again. He read it. He was trembling all over. Now I dare to love my children and to kiss them. A week later he died. That star will rise out of the East. In that they see freedom. what is he fit for? The salvation of Russia comes from the people. And the Russian monk has always been on the side of the people. Remember that! He visits princes, though he is only a peasant corrupted. Equality is to be found only in the spiritual dignity of man, and that will only be understood among us. "Is it for me to bless them? I will pray for them. "I gave it to the monastery," I answered; "we live in common." I took his half-rouble, bowed to him and his wife, and went out rejoicing. Even now this can be done, but it will lead to the grand unity of men in the future, when a man will not seek servants for himself, or desire to turn his fellow creatures into servants as he does now, but on the contrary, will long with his whole heart to be the servant of all, as the Gospel teaches. Love every leaf, every ray of God's light. And you will come at last to love the whole world with an all- embracing love. That is why the philosophers say that we cannot apprehend the reality of things on earth. _(h) Can a Man judge his Fellow Creatures? Love all men, love everything. They talk of hell fire in the material sense. But though suffering, he still looked at them with a smile, sank slowly from his chair on to his knees, then bowed his face to the ground, stretched out his arms and as though in joyful ecstasy, praying and kissing the ground, quietly and joyfully gave up his soul to God. By the morning all the town was talking of the event, and crowds were flocking from the town to the monastery.
The Breath Of Corruption   The body of Father Zossima was prepared for burial according to the established ritual. As is well known, the bodies of dead monks and hermits are not washed. Some of those present may perhaps have inwardly noticed it, only to reflect that the anticipation of decay and corruption from the body of such a saint was an actual absurdity, calling for compassion (if not a smile) for the lack of faith and the frivolity it implied. For they expected something quite different. And that question alone, gradually repeated, gave rise at last to an intense, insatiable hatred of him. This was how the thing happened. added others. There they are among the Turks, they have forgotten everything. But if the whole truth is to be told, they hardly had a choice about it. "Satan, go hence! shouted Father Ferapont crazily. And so they have become as common as spiders in the corners. And now he has begun to stink himself. Many persons were shocked at the time and wagged their heads as they talked over it--and most of all Father Ferapont, to whom some of the censorious had hastened to report this "extraordinary" counsel on the part of the elder. "My God has conquered! "This is the one who is a saint! In the crowd thronging at the entrance to the cell, he had noticed Alyosha and he remembered that he had felt at once a pang at heart on seeing him. To this I reply again, "Yes! And now the man who should, he believed, have been exalted above every one in the whole world, that man, instead of receiving the glory that was his due, was suddenly degraded and dishonored! cried Alyosha irritably. But there.... " Alyosha suddenly smiled a forced smile. And then all this bobbery afterwards. Come along." And indeed it was not to please Grushenka he was taking Alyosha to her. Grushenka was not even mentioned in his will. He helped Grushenka with his advice to increase her capital and put business in her way. Even Grushenka's two servants (after the catastrophe of which we will speak later) testified in court that she received Dmitri Fyodorovitch simply from fear because "he threatened to murder her." The appearance of Rakitin and Alyosha caused a slight excitement. she exclaimed, recognizing Alyosha. Grushenka turned with a smile to Alyosha. "Are the shutters fastened, Fenya? I tell you, I am expecting a message. "And where are you flying to?" Why are you so depressed, Alyosha? "He know! "Mitya told me that she screamed out that I 'ought to be flogged.' "And what about your officer? And the priceless message from Mokroe?" "That is quite different." If Alyosha has some, I will." said Rakitin tauntingly; "and she's sitting on his knee, too! "So Father Zossima is dead," cried Grushenka. "Hush, both of you. "An onion? And she died and did not leave a single good deed behind. And he began cautiously pulling her out. As soon as she said that, the onion broke. And the woman fell into the lake and she is burning there to this day. Listen, Alyosha. I wanted to so much, that I bribed Rakitin to bring you. Alyosha got up and went to Rakitin. cried Alyosha, with tears in his voice. "I will go," she cried; "five years of my life! She suddenly left them and ran into her bedroom. "Well, she has no thoughts for us now!" Horses were being taken out of the shafts, men were running to and fro with a lantern. And add, too, that Grushenka loved him only one hour, only one short hour she loved him--so let him remember that hour all his life--say, 'Grushenka tells you to!' Again Alyosha seemed not to hear. Alyosha came out of the town and walked across the fields to the monastery. Cana Of Galilee   It was very late, according to the monastery ideas, when Alyosha returned to the hermitage; the door-keeper let him in by a special entrance. There was no one in the cell but Father Paissy, reading the Gospel in solitude over the coffin, and the young novice Porfiry, who, exhausted by the previous night's conversation and the disturbing incidents of the day, was sleeping the deep sound sleep of youth on the floor of the other room. He began quietly praying, but he soon felt that he was praying almost mechanically. What's that?... Ah, that sweet miracle! Why is the room growing wider?... It's the marriage, the wedding ... yes, of course. But who is this? God!"... You come and join us too." And it must be he, since he called him! The elder raised Alyosha by the hand and he rose from his knees. He is expecting new guests, He is calling new ones unceasingly for ever and ever.... "Water the earth with the tears of your joy and love those tears," echoed in his soul. And never, never, all his life long, could Alyosha forget that minute.
In a moment of spite Grushenka had shown him that letter, but to her astonishment he attached hardly any consequence to it. All this may have arisen indirectly and unconsciously from the secret stings of his conscience for the money of Katerina Ivanovna that he had dishonestly appropriated. He suddenly determined to go to Samsonov, the merchant who was Grushenka's protector, and to propose a "scheme" to him, and by means of it to obtain from him at once the whole of the sum required. The old man again refused to see him. He leapt instantly over the gaps, and struggled on and on. Who is it? His name is Lyagavy. He would fly off immediately. Secondly, he did not find the priest at home at Ilyinskoe; he had gone off to a neighboring village. and ... what am I to do then?" He went back to sleep, leaving Mitya a lighted lantern. "You're bargaining with him for the copse, for the copse. The truly jealous man is not like that. Of course the reconciliation is only for an hour. For, even if the rival did disappear next day, he would invent another one and would be jealous of him. But that morning in the cart a brilliant idea had struck him: "If she is so anxious I should not marry Katerina Ivanovna" (and he knew she was positively hysterical upon the subject) "why should she refuse me now that three thousand, just to enable me to leave Katya and get away from her for ever. You've heard that Father Zossima is dead?" Madame Hohlakov interrupted emphatically. cried Madame Hohlakov. "But the money? "She has been there, sir. He ran with all his might to the house where Grushenka lived. roared Mitya, "where is she?" "From your terror I know where she is." On the table stood a brass mortar, with a pestle in it, a small brass pestle, not much more than six inches long. and he leapt from the fence into the garden. He held his breath. The old man started, jerked up his head, and, jumping up quickly, ran to the window. "Grushenka, is it you? And the old man almost climbed out of the window, peering out to the right, where there was a door into the garden, trying to see into the darkness. Mechanically he stepped into the garden. He remembered afterwards clearly, that he had been awfully anxious to make sure whether he had broken the old man's skull, or simply stunned him with the pestle. To see some officer. "What officer?" Mitya stood for a moment, then mechanically sank on to a chair next to Fenya. What is the matter?" he said. Look, all the cuff of your right sleeve is covered with blood." "Then change your shirt." In a place I know of. Now give me the pistols. "Would you like to go to the mines, Perhotin? Is that a pun, eh?" It must be taken back to her." "Dmitri Fyodorovitch, won't you come now?" "The pistols? It'll come to nothing! "He boasted aloud that he would kill his father; we all heard him, here. Step aside, Mitya, and make way! He was frantically praying and muttering to himself. "Dmitri Fyodorovitch, your honor! "Some strangers. "Poor sort of a feast! "He's not young, and he's not an officer, either. Are they playing cards?" "Now, listen and remember. Remember Karamazov!" And if he goes away I shall go, too!" Grushenka exclaimed nervously. "Polish women?" "The _pan_ is a _lajdak_!" But he didn't marry her, because she turned out to be lame." He he!" 'Is that you, Boileau? "To Russia! They can never do anything!" "Stop!" "The bodyguard? asked Grushenka, anxiously. and he spat on the floor. And so indeed he did. he exclaimed. shrieked Grushenka. It might be his father! And Mitya hastened to obey her. Grushenka, too, was beginning to get drunk. But she looked at him from time to time with caressing and passionate eyes. And it appears that he wins their love because:       The merchant will make gold for me     And his queen I'll gladly be. Grushenka laughed. A cigar, perhaps?" Eat and drink and be merry, meanwhile. But now? "No, sir." "We'll leave off soon. Seeing Mitya, she beckoned him to her, and when he ran to her, she grasped his hand tightly. No, him, him! Who is that man? "Give him something, Mitya," said Grushenka. But Grushenka waved her handkerchief at him and drove him away. "You're a _lajdak_ yourself! said Grushenka, and went forward to dance. asked Grushenka, bewildered. But I've stolen money from Katya.... What does money matter? I love only you. How sweet that is!..." "He has a chronometer worth four hundred roubles; he showed it to me." And those fellows with the brass plates on, why are they here? "The old man and his blood!... Monster and parricide!
I ran out to beg him not to kill her. The most direct and the easiest thing for him to do would have been to go straight to Fyodor Pavlovitch's, to find out whether anything had happened there, and if so, what; and only to go to the police captain, as Pyotr Ilyitch firmly intended doing, when he had satisfied himself of the fact. He decided that if she denied having just given Dmitri Fyodorovitch three thousand roubles, he would go straight to the police captain, but if she admitted having given him the money, he would go home and let the matter rest till next morning. She was surprised on hearing the announcement from the maid. Save the old man ... run to his father ... You remember for a fact that you did not give him any money?" Madame Hohlakov skipped, delighted, to her bureau. How delightful it is that you are living here!... He saw instantly that every one knew. "He must be out there, poor dear," she thought. Marfa!" They got him up immediately and all three ran to the scene of the crime. But with what? I'm not guilty of that blood! I tortured him and drove him to it. But who has killed my father, who has killed him? He is alive, he has recovered, and in spite of the terrible blows inflicted, according to his own and your evidence, by you, there seems no doubt that he will live, so the doctor says, at least." Gentlemen, she is my betrothed!" "  "Did I exclaim that? He had grown more and more gloomy as the inquiry continued. He was seized by the arms. Will you allow me to say one word to this unhappy man, gentlemen? He had heard of him in Petersburg. What more? That's all about it. "On the contrary. Is there?" "A debt to whom?" When he came to telling of his visit to Madame Hohlakov, he regained his spirits and even wished to tell a little anecdote of that lady which had nothing to do with the case. "Bother the pestle!" "Yes, it is. "Then? "Our story?" But it's an interesting fact. That may be of use. "He is suspected, too." He has no character worth talking about. "The pestle was in my hand." Of the raptures of his love he said nothing, but told them that he abandoned his determination to shoot himself, owing to "new factors in the case." "We shall verify all that. They impressed upon him that his clothes, being stained with blood, must be "included with the other material evidence," and that they "had not even the right to let him have them now ... taking into consideration the possible outcome of the case." "He understands that, and is sorry ... "I consider it my duty to repeat that he is firm in his statement. He does not waver. But we didn't find the money in it. "Last night? "Katerina Ivanovna!" No need of that at all.... How's that? He was provoked. Mitya brought his fist down on the table fiercely. "A soldier has to know how to sew. No knowledge was needed to do that." he decided, in an exhausted voice. But she? The Babe   The examination of the witnesses began. He had sworn at the time that he had not the whole sum with him at Mokroe, but that his money was in the town. "Did he say it to you alone once, or several times?" "And did you never, once, hear that the money spent a month ago was not three thousand, but less, and that Dmitri Fyodorovitch had saved half that sum for his own use?" Why?" But the thunderbolt has fallen. Her lips quivered, tears flowed from her eyes. They ran to look for him.
There Kolya began by carefully investigating every detail connected with the railways, knowing that he could impress his schoolfellows when he got home with his newly acquired knowledge. But there happened to be some other boys in the place with whom he soon made friends. Kolya maintained stoutly that he would. The boys rushed to Kolya. I have forgotten, by the way, to mention that Kolya Krassotkin was the boy stabbed with a penknife by the boy already known to the reader as the son of Captain Snegiryov. The two "kids" adored him. Kolya whistled to himself. And Kolya began giving orders to the dog, who performed all his tricks. "Ridiculous boy! "And how is Ilusha?" "Ah, he is bad, very bad! He tried to walk, but he couldn't stand. The whole class seems to be there every day." "There's no sentimentality about it. He sees that Ilusha's dying. "And what is a Socialist?" "Do you?" "Stop, heigh! Laugh away. "Perhaps it is." And what are these boys to him? he sometimes thought, doubtful even of that. "Ilusha is very ill. He is certainly dying." He told him to take a piece of bread, to stick a pin in it, and throw it to one of those hungry dogs who snap up anything without biting it, and then to watch and see what would happen. Kolya asked, with great curiosity. "And as soon as I saw you with a dog, I thought it was Zhutchka you were bringing." asked Alyosha. Is that your idea?" But though he waited, he sent Smurov to him twice again. "I'm not such an ass as to go hunting about the town for other people's dogs when I've got a dog of my own! He had not been to school since the day he met Alyosha and bit his finger. But latterly he had become so weak that he could not move without help from his father. But on that Sunday morning a new doctor was expected, who had come from Moscow, where he had a great reputation. "Ilusha, Mr. Krassotkin has come to see you!" "Never mind!" For a minute they were silent again. Zhutchka!" "Paid for!" "Can you really have put off coming all this time simply to train the dog?" Perezvon," called Ilusha suddenly, snapping his thin fingers and beckoning to the dog. And Kolya hurriedly pulled out of his satchel the little bronze cannon. Kolya was disconcerted. Ilusha cried. "Not real?" he turned to Ilusha. I heard about the goose!" "I don't agree," said Alyosha, with a faint smile. His cheeks were flushed. Alyosha smiled again. The captain, who had been expecting the doctor all the morning, rushed headlong out to meet him. Kolya called Perezvon and the dog jumped off the bed. "How is this? "Ilusha is dying. Alyosha finished. again!)" Kolya winced. cried Alyosha. exclaimed Alyosha. Now especially. Answered whom? is perfectly true. "What for? smiled Alyosha. Kolya smiled with a sort of sly happiness. Kolya agreed at once. "Who's this?" "He wants a thrashing, a good thrashing!" Alyosha followed Kolya into the room. "Father, father! "Ilusha! Ilusha!" Will you come yourself?" he cried sharply and angrily to Alyosha.
During the two months that had passed since Mitya's arrest, Alyosha had called frequently at the widow Morozov's house, both from his own inclination and to take messages for Mitya. There were signs of a spiritual transformation in her, and a steadfast, fine and humble determination that nothing could shake could be discerned in her. Alyosha knew that she was fearfully jealous of her. Sometimes he was unable to say anything. "Of the servant girls." Ah, here's Fenya with a letter! He told me that he had already formed his opinion. "As an expert. Mitya told me himself that Ivan hasn't been once." "There has been a change," Grushenka assented quickly. She is this and that, and that means that I am not. They've planned it together, the three of them--Mitya, Katerina, and Ivan Fyodorovitch. Ivan is not in love with Katerina Ivanovna, I think." He is lying to me, shameless deceiver, that's what it is! And again she cried bitterly. I fancy ... Katerina Ivanovna has nothing to do with it, and that the secret is about something else. Now she is going to follow one of your brothers to Siberia, and your other brother is going to follow her, and will live in the nearest town, and they will all torment one another. But he says that on purpose. "To be sure, to be sure! He lay as Dmitri Fyodorovitch struck him down, and then got up, saw the door open, went in and killed Fyodor Pavlovitch." When he recovered from the blow Dmitri Fyodorovitch gave him on the head, he was suffering from aberration; he went and committed the murder. When?" "To Lise." It's a question of life and death!" asked Alyosha. That would be awfully nice. "I want to destroy myself. "Loves his having killed his father?" Besides, every one in the prison, down to the humblest warder, had grown used to Alyosha. Is it likely--a pig like that? Alyosha was surprised again. Alyosha asked insistently. He wants to say 'he couldn't help murdering his father, he was corrupted by his environment,' and so on. All that is nonsense! "That I am sorry to lose God? And Rakitin does dislike God. He says that to my face! Of the murderer? Ivan is not Rakitin, there is an idea in him. Ivan is a sphinx and is silent; he is always silent. For whom is man going to love then? Ivan has no God. He has an idea. Go to her, Alyosha, ask her not to speak of that in the court, can't you? Alyosha repeated all Grushenka had said to him that day. "So there's a secret, she says, a secret? Ivan understands about the hymn, too. He held Alyosha with both hands on his shoulders, and his yearning, feverish eyes were fixed on his brother's. I hadn't the courage. "I've never for one instant believed that you were the murderer!" "Now you have given me new life. "Love Ivan!" And he was going to Ivan. "Has he sent me any message? Alyosha remembered afterwards that she had struck him as particularly handsome at that moment. He asks me to spare--whom? "Follow him! Alyosha followed him. "And can one observe that one's going mad oneself?" Ivan paused for half a minute. exclaimed Alyosha. She has not had time to decide yet. "She is suffering. "I know that you've given her hope. She's got a document in her hands, in Mitya's own writing, that proves conclusively that he did murder Fyodor Pavlovitch." cried Alyosha. "There can't be such a document!" Ivan suddenly stopped. "Who? "I only know one thing," Alyosha went on, still almost in a whisper, "_it wasn't you_ killed father." Alyosha asked, bewildered. "Do you know that he visits me? "Who is _he_! Immediately after that interview with Mitya, Ivan went for the first time to see Smerdyakov. "Has your honor been back long?" Smerdyakov sighed again and again. Dmitri might kill him, but that he would steal--I did not believe that then.... And to his son, too! Is that likely? Any one can see that." Ivan ended by dismissing all doubts. Only one thing was strange, however. Alyosha turned rather pale, and looked silently into his brother's face. The Second Visit To Smerdyakov   By that time Smerdyakov had been discharged from the hospital. What? "Do you suppose I _knew_ of the murder?" He is not guilty, anyway. Did I want the murder? Ivan did not go home, but went straight to Katerina Ivanovna and alarmed her by his appearance. He was like a madman. But if he is the murderer, and not Dmitri, then, of course, I am the murderer, too." Dmitri is not a thief! When Ivan read this "document" he was convinced. So then it was his brother, not Smerdyakov. The suspicion never occurred to Ivan, by the way, that Mitya might have committed the murder in conjunction with Smerdyakov, and, indeed, such a theory did not fit in with the facts. He made no further inquiry about Smerdyakov, but twice he happened to hear that he was very ill and out of his mind. During the last week of that month Ivan himself began to feel very ill. He went to consult the Moscow doctor who had been sent for by Katerina Ivanovna just before the trial. It is remarkable, too, that while he felt that he hated Mitya more and more every day, he realized that it was not on account of Katya's "returns" that he hated him, but just _because he was the murderer of his father_. When, after his conversation with Alyosha, Ivan suddenly decided with his hand on the bell of his lodging to go to Smerdyakov, he obeyed a sudden and peculiar impulse of indignation. Has the young lady, Katerina Ivanovna, been with you?" cried Ivan. "Is this because the trial begins to- morrow? "Aren't you tired of it? _You_ murdered him; you are the real murderer, I was only your instrument, your faithful servant, and it was following your words I did it." "Who is he? Who is here? Ivan sank back in his chair. He waited, feeling sure that Smerdyakov would tell him _all_ about it. To come to you?" So I could always have clambered up to the ikons and have taken away the money next morning or even that night, and it would have all been put down to Dmitri Fyodorovitch. Ivan felt that. He ran to the window, put the candle in the window. Ivan looked at him with great surprise. The blood rushed to his face. The Devil. And if you come to that, does proving there's a devil prove that there's a God? The subject is a complete enigma. "Where is yonder? 'I also write vaudevilles of all sorts.' "What an ass!" cried Ivan. His pride will teach him that it's useless for him to repine at life's being a moment, and he will love his brother without need of reward. The knocking at the window grew louder and louder. He goes to the baths. How did I know that Smerdyakov had hanged himself? What is conscience? Alyosha could not help crying, looking frankly at his brother. Alyosha entreated him. He called me a coward, Alyosha! And Smerdyakov said the same. He must be killed! 'You are going in order to be praised.' Ivan let him lead him to his bed.
But all were interested in the trial, and the majority of the men were certainly hoping for the conviction of the criminal, except perhaps the lawyers, who were more interested in the legal than in the moral aspect of the case. Everybody was excited at the presence of the celebrated lawyer, Fetyukovitch. There is no need to speak of the artisans and the peasants. Mitya suddenly rose from his seat. "I plead guilty to drunkenness and dissipation," he exclaimed, again in a startling, almost frenzied, voice, "to idleness and debauchery. But I am not guilty of the death of that old man, my enemy and my father. "In spirit." The President, turning to the prisoner, asked him whether he had any comment to make on the evidence of the last witness. "Except about the door, all he has said is true," cried Mitya, in a loud voice. I heard it for the first time that day, during the case.) Karamazov?" The medical experts were the famous doctor from Moscow, our doctor, Herzenstube, and the young doctor, Varvinsky. and others equally inappropriate." "Yet you gave evidence against him?" Is that all the proof you have?" Katerina Ivanovna was called to the witness-box. And for what, for whom? "The case" was thrown into quite a different light. Katerina Ivanovna remained in the court and sat down in her place. inquired the prosecutor. Rakitin?" Ivan was called to give evidence. He knew nothing of his father's money relations with Dmitri. "That's just it. "He has a tail, your excellency, and that would be irregular! Oh, how stupid all this business is! Katerina Ivanovna had an attack of hysterics. He wrote to me how he would kill his father! This is how it happened about that three thousand. And a day before the murder he wrote me this letter. He is a monster! There, she has shown you what she is!" The letter produced by Katerina Ivanovna was added to the material proofs. He had no feelings for his duties as a father. While his brothers seem to stand for 'Europeanism' and 'the principles of the people,' he seems to represent Russia as she is. But if he has not money, he will show what he is ready to do to get it when he is in great need of it. "What are we to believe then? That motive is jealousy!" His father! [Then followed the anecdote about Captain Snegiryov.] And, in fact, from that letter we see that the whole fact of the murder was premeditated. Then he hastens back to his ambush in the back gardens, and there learns that Smerdyakov is in a fit, that the other servant is ill--the coast is clear and he knows the 'signals'--what a temptation! Why that? The younger brother has admitted that he has not the slightest fact to support his notion of Smerdyakov's guilt, and has only been led to that conclusion from the prisoner's own words and the expression of his face. But, if we are to believe the prisoner's statement that he is not the murderer, then Smerdyakov must have been, for there is no other alternative, no one else can be found. Is that logical? Is that clear? "But I shall be told that he shammed illness on purpose that he might not be suspected and that he told the prisoner of the money and the signals to tempt him to commit the murder, and when he had murdered him and had gone away with the money, making a noise, most likely, and waking people, Smerdyakov got up, am I to believe, and went in--what for? Supposing that he did agree, it would still follow that Dmitri Karamazov is the murderer and the instigator, and Smerdyakov is only a passive accomplice, and not even an accomplice, but merely acquiesced against his will through terror. As soon as he is arrested the prisoner instantly throws all the blame on Smerdyakov, not accusing him of being his accomplice, but of being himself the murderer. 'He did it alone,' he says. "The money alone is no proof. That way out was suicide. 'To her, to her! And then, on the spot, at her feet, I shall dash out my brains before her and punish myself! (Then followed the evidence given by witnesses.) 'What sort of a cap?' Ippolit Kirillovitch passed to his final peroration. Do not heap up their growing hatred by a sentence justifying the murder of a father by his son!" "She is not good for much." He is afraid of them." The Speech For The Defense. What I have in my mind is this: there is an overwhelming chain of evidence against the prisoner, and at the same time not one fact that will stand criticism, if it is examined separately. So Fetyukovitch began. (Laughter among the public.) Why did he do so? The prosecutor is charmed with his own romance. And the witness Maximov has testified that the prisoner had twenty thousand in his hand. But did he murder him after all? Is that proved? Now about that door, gentlemen of the jury.... How does it follow that because he was there he committed the murder? Then Smerdyakov's sudden suicide on the eve of the trial. Oh, beware of showing an ambitious and envious man a large sum of money at once! But it is very easy to point out that moment. How can such a prisoner be acquitted? Gentlemen of the jury, what is a father--a real father? What is the great idea in that name? He is uncontrolled, he is wild and unruly--we are trying him now for that--but who is responsible for his life? Oh, gentlemen of the jury, that was cruel and revolting! Would any one venture to give her the sacred name of mother? Such a murder is not a parricide. No, the murder of such a father cannot be called parricide. That is what he will say, gentlemen of the jury. The end has come to an erring man! Remember that there is a great responsibility laid upon you," and so on and so on. The jury withdrew and the court adjourned. Our cause is won. Think of that!" He will be drinking for ten days!" The jury deliberated for exactly an hour, neither more nor less. Those who disagreed with the verdict seemed crushed, shrugged their shoulders, whispered, but still seemed unable to realize this.
In the next room Ivan Fyodorovitch lay unconscious in a high fever. Katerina Ivanovna had immediately after the scene at the trial ordered the sick and unconscious man to be carried to her house, disregarding the inevitable gossip and general disapproval of the public. He must escape. Oh, Alyosha knew another terrible reason of her present misery, though she had carefully concealed it from him during those days since the trial; but it would have been for some reason too painful to him if she had been brought so low as to speak to him now about that. But he dreaded that moment and longed to spare her. You may be sure he will consent to escape. And they won't let her go to him, so he is bound to escape. She paused and smiled. He is ill, he is beside himself, he keeps asking for you. Alyosha got up to go. "And what if I meet any one?" Alyosha understood his feelings. But she will come, she will, that's certain." He looked timidly at his brother. "That means that she is convinced he will die. Listen: you are not ready, and such a cross is not for you. I must kiss you for that. "Alyosha, run after her!" Mitya cried to his brother; "tell her ... I like her for that!" Ilusha's Funeral. It was the coffin of poor little Ilusha. Kolya Krassotkin was the foremost of them. he cried, holding out his hand to Alyosha. said Alyosha. Ilusha told me to. The boys and Alyosha kept up with him. Let us make a compact here, at Ilusha's stone, that we will never forget Ilusha and one another. And so in the first place, we will remember him, boys, all our lives. "Hurrah for Karamazov!" laughed Alyosha. 3 Grushenka.
The History Of A Family Chapter I. Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov   Alexey Fyodorovitch Karamazov was the third son of Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov, a land owner well known in our district in his own day, and still remembered among us owing to his gloomy and tragic death, which happened thirteen years ago, and which I shall describe in its proper place. Immediately after the elopement Adelaida Ivanovna discerned in a flash that she had no feeling for her husband but contempt. Finally, she left the house and ran away from Fyodor Pavlovitch with a destitute divinity student, leaving Mitya, a child of three years old, in her husband's hands. In the intervals he used to drive all over the province, complaining tearfully to each and all of Adelaida Ivanovna's having left him, going into details too disgraceful for a husband to mention in regard to his own married life. She had died quite suddenly in a garret, according to one story, of typhus, or as another version had it, of starvation. It is quite possible that both versions were true, that he rejoiced at his release, and at the same time wept for her who released him. As a general rule, people, even the wicked, are much more naive and simple-hearted than we suppose. And we ourselves are, too.
His behavior as a father was exactly what might be expected. He completely abandoned the child of his marriage with Adelaida Ivanovna, not from malice, nor because of his matrimonial grievances, but simply because he forgot him. It happened moreover that the child's relations on his mother's side forgot him too at first. But a cousin of Mitya's mother, Pyotr Alexandrovitch Miuesov, happened to return from Paris. He regarded it as his duty as a citizen and a man of culture to open an attack upon the "clericals." The Moscow lady died, and Mitya passed into the care of one of her married daughters. I believe he changed his home a fourth time later on. He saw and knew his father, Fyodor Pavlovitch, for the first time on coming of age, when he visited our neighborhood on purpose to settle with him about his property. In the end, when four years later, Mitya, losing patience, came a second time to our little town to settle up once for all with his father, it turned out to his amazement that he had nothing, that it was difficult to get an account even, that he had received the whole value of his property in sums of money from Fyodor Pavlovitch, and was perhaps even in debt to him, that by various agreements into which he had, of his own desire, entered at various previous dates, he had no right to expect anything more, and so on, and so on.
The Second Marriage And The Second Family   Very shortly after getting his four-year-old Mitya off his hands Fyodor Pavlovitch married a second time. His second marriage lasted eight years. He took this second wife, Sofya Ivanovna, also a very young girl, from another province, where he had gone upon some small piece of business in company with a Jew. She grew up in the house of a general's widow, a wealthy old lady of good position, who was at once her benefactress and tormentor. Fyodor Pavlovitch made her an offer; inquiries were made about him and he was refused. Yet she bore Fyodor Pavlovitch two sons, Ivan and Alexey, the eldest in the first year of marriage and the second three years later. At her death almost exactly the same thing happened to the two little boys as to their elder brother, Mitya. They were completely forgotten and abandoned by their father. God has punished her for her ingratitude." Then, without a word, she went straight to the cottage to the two boys. He became especially fond of the younger, Alexey, who lived for a long while as one of his family. The article dealt with a subject which was being debated everywhere at the time--the position of the ecclesiastical courts. I may add that Ivan appeared at the time in the light of a mediator between his father and his elder brother Dmitri, who was in open quarrel with his father and even planning to bring an action against him.
The Third Son, Alyosha   He was only twenty, his brother Ivan was in his twenty-fourth year at the time, while their elder brother Dmitri was twenty-seven. Coming at twenty to his father's house, which was a very sink of filthy debauchery, he, chaste and pure as he was, simply withdrew in silence when to look on was unbearable, but without the slightest sign of contempt or condemnation. A year before the end of the course he suddenly announced to the ladies that he was going to see his father about a plan which had occurred to him. They provided him liberally with money and even fitted him out with new clothes and linen. On his arrival in the town he made no answer to his father's first inquiry why he had come before completing his studies, and seemed, so they say, unusually thoughtful. In a short time he opened a great number of new taverns in the district. Not long after visiting his mother's grave Alyosha suddenly announced that he wanted to enter the monastery, and that the monks were willing to receive him as a novice. What of?
He is holy. The arrival of his two brothers, whom he had not known till then, seemed to make a great impression on Alyosha. He kept fancying that Ivan was absorbed in something--something inward and important--that he was striving towards some goal, perhaps very hard to attain, and that that was why he had no thought for him. He knew for certain that his brother was an atheist. Dmitri used to speak of Ivan with the deepest respect and with a peculiar earnestness. It was at this time that the meeting, or, rather gathering of the members of this inharmonious family took place in the cell of the elder who had such an extraordinary influence on Alyosha. It was at this time that the discord between Dmitri and his father seemed at its acutest stage and their relations had become insufferably strained. "Who has made me a judge over them?" Alyosha was well aware of that. Ivan and Miuesov would come from curiosity, perhaps of the coarsest kind, while his father might be contemplating some piece of buffoonery. Alyosha was not greatly cheered by the letter.
They Arrive At The Monastery   It was a warm, bright day at the end of August. The interview with the elder had been fixed for half-past eleven, immediately after late mass. First an elegant open carriage, drawn by two valuable horses, drove up with Miuesov and a distant relative of his, a young man of twenty, called Pyotr Fomitch Kalganov. This young man was preparing to enter the university. Except Fyodor Pavlovitch, none of the party had ever seen the monastery, and Miuesov had probably not even been to church for thirty years. "Who is a _chevalier_?" The honor and glory of the monastery, Zossima. Fyodor Pavlovitch and Miuesov stopped. At one o'clock, not later. Thank the Father Superior," he said to the monk. Miuesov observed aloud, while Maximov ran back to the monastery. "Is that all you can think of?... It's not the features, but something indefinable. I advise you to control yourself. We've arrived," cried Fyodor Pavlovitch. "The gates are shut." And that really is so. They are always outside the precincts.
The Old Buffoon   They entered the room almost at the same moment that the elder came in from his bedroom. Father Zossima was accompanied by a novice, and by Alyosha. He stood in front of the other visitors. The monks sat, one at the door and the other at the window. "Precisely to our time," cried Fyodor Pavlovitch, "but no sign of my son, Dmitri. But, there! I went straight up to him, and with the ease of a man of the world, you know, 'Mr. And so he was. "Fyodor Pavlovitch, this is unbearable! I play the fool, Pyotr Alexandrovitch, to make myself agreeable. He was furious, and conscious of being ridiculous. Alyosha did not dare to look at Rakitin, the divinity student, whom he knew almost intimately. And, above all, do not be so ashamed of yourself, for that is at the root of it all." he fell suddenly on his knees, "what must I do to gain eternal life?" The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. "Allow me to kiss your hand once more.
Peasant Women Who Have Faith   Near the wooden portico below, built on to the outer wall of the precinct, there was a crowd of about twenty peasant women. Two ladies, Madame Hohlakov and her daughter, had also come out into the portico to wait for the elder, but in a separate part of it set aside for women of rank. They used to be brought to mass; they would squeal and bark like a dog so that they were heard all over the church. From two hundred miles from here. I have come to see you, O Father! I don't want to remember. The woman listened to him, looking down with her cheek in her hand. Our son is no doubt singing with the angels before God.' He says that to me, but he weeps himself. 'Where could he be if not with the Lord God? Be not comforted. What was his name?" After Alexey, the man of God?" Her eyes showed that she had come with an object, and in order to say something. Her son Vasenka was in the commissariat service, and had gone to Irkutsk in Siberia. His soul will be troubled,' she said, 'and he will write you a letter.' And his own mother too! It's a great sin, akin to sorcery. Her eyes besought him, but she seemed afraid to approach. said the elder, and he put his ear close to her lips. Believe that God loves you as you cannot conceive; that He loves you with your sin, in your sin. "By the way, I have a thing to ask, not a great one. Give them, dear Father, to some one poorer than me. I will do so certainly.
A Lady Of Little Faith   A visitor looking on the scene of his conversation with the peasants and his blessing them shed silent tears and wiped them away with her handkerchief. You have healed my Lise, healed her completely, merely by praying over her last Thursday and laying your hands upon her. But she is still lying down in her chair." It is a Christian duty." Yet Lise has told me twice that she is never happy except with you." He was referring to her "healing." Visit me, Father," he added to the monk. God will not take you from us. But I know that it's only for a moment. Forgive me! Oh, God! In as far as you advance in love you will grow surer of the reality of God and of the immortality of your soul. This has been tried. "In active love? The lady was weeping. "Lise, Lise! She had noticed before that Alyosha was shy and tried not to look at her, and she found this extremely amusing. Her eyes flashed and her face became quite serious.
Chapter V. So Be It! So Be It! But he seemed almost to be forgotten, and when the elder entered the cell again, he found his guests engaged in eager conversation. Ivan and the two monks took the leading share in it. Alyosha watched him intently. "As far as Church jurisdiction is concerned he is apparently quite opposed to the separation of Church from State." But in what sense?" My clerical opponent maintains that the Church holds a precise and defined position in the State. "The purest Ultramontanism!" In the Gospel, the words 'not of this world' are not used in that sense. But Rome as a State retained too much of the pagan civilization and culture, as, for example, in the very objects and fundamental principles of the State. So be it! "But if there were none but the ecclesiastical court, the Church would not even now sentence a criminal to prison or to death. By his crime he would have transgressed not only against men but against the Church of Christ. So that it is only against the Church, and not against the State, that the criminal of to-day can recognize that he has sinned. cried Miuesov, suddenly breaking out; "the State is eliminated and the Church is raised to the position of the State. It's beyond the dreams of Pope Gregory the Seventh!" "Understand, the Church is not to be transformed into the State. That is the third temptation of the devil. This star will arise in the east!" They are dreadful people! They had, in fact, given up expecting him, and his sudden appearance caused some surprise for a moment.
Why Is Such A Man Alive? He stood still for a moment on the threshold, and glancing at the whole party went straight up to the elder, guessing him to be their host. You are a little late. In response to Dmitri's bow he jumped up from his chair and made his son a bow as low in return. He must have something interesting to say about that also. "Is that really your conviction as to the consequences of the disappearance of the faith in immortality?" the elder asked Ivan suddenly. There is no virtue if there is no immortality." The question is still fretting your heart, and not answered. But the martyr likes sometimes to divert himself with his despair, as it were driven to it by despair itself. The elder raised his hand and would have made the sign of the cross over Ivan from where he stood. cried Dmitri indignantly. Dmitri is not a stranger to him. "And is your father's blessing nothing to you? exclaimed Dmitri furiously. "He says that to his father! Dmitri was trembling with rage. "Tell me, can he be allowed to go on defiling the earth?" cried Fyodor Pavlovitch, rushing up to Father Iosif. Father Zossima moved towards Dmitri and reaching him sank on his knees before him. hid his face in his hands, and rushed out of the room. "That monk," that is, the monk who had invited them to dine with the Superior, did not keep them waiting. "And that unforeseen circumstance, of course, is myself," Fyodor Pavlovitch cut in immediately.
It was a little room furnished with the bare necessities. When it is God's will to call me, leave the monastery. Alyosha started. This is not your place for the time. I bless you for great service in the world. And you will have to take a wife, too. Alyosha believed that implicitly. He had told him not to weep, and to leave the monastery. He expected to meet no one at that hour, but at the first turn of the path he noticed Rakitin. asked Alyosha, overtaking him. "That bowing to your brother, Dmitri. Alyosha stopped dead. "You are mistaken about that woman. "Grushenka? Is it true, then? Observe that. He recognizes his vileness and goes on with it! He has suddenly gone crazy over Grushenka. And how has that Ivan won you all, so that you all worship him? "Ivan is above that. His mind is in bondage. "That's plagiarism, Alyosha. "And the problem's a stupid one. Won't you add that?" He condescends to abuse me, you know. That Grushenka a relation of mine!" Rakitin was intensely irritated. Have the Karamazovs been making trouble again? Surely they've not been beating the Father Superior!
He told the coachman to wait, while with rapid steps he returned to the monastery and straight to the Father Superior's. and ... As a thing falls, so it lies. said the Father Superior. and he made Fyodor Pavlovitch a low bow. And so will we." "Drive on!" Ivan shouted angrily to the coachman. But the carriage had already driven away. And they did not speak again all the way home.
In The Servants' Quarters   The Karamazovs' house was far from being in the center of the town, but it was not quite outside it. There are positions in which one has to keep a sharp look out. When it was born, he was overwhelmed with grief and horror. The baby had six fingers. "A dragon? It happened that, on the very night after the burial of his child, Marfa was awakened by the wail of a new-born baby. An idiot girl, who wandered about the streets and was known to the whole town by the nickname of Lizaveta Smerdyastchaya (Stinking Lizaveta), had got into the bath- house and had just given birth to a child.
Lizaveta   There was one circumstance which struck Grigory particularly, and confirmed a very unpleasant and revolting suspicion. Some of the townspeople declared that she did all this only from pride, but that is hardly credible. They saved the baby, but Lizaveta died at dawn. Grigory took the baby, brought it home, and making his wife sit down, put it on her lap. So Marfa brought up the child. Later on, Fyodor Pavlovitch invented a surname for the child, calling him Smerdyakov, after his mother's nickname.
The Confession Of A Passionate Heart--In Verse   Alyosha remained for some time irresolute after hearing the command his father shouted to him from the carriage. It was the fear of a woman, of Katerina Ivanovna, who had so urgently entreated him in the note handed to him by Madame Hohlakov to come and see her about something. He reflected that he would not find Ivan, who was so intimate a friend, with her, for Ivan was certainly now with his father. He knew her house. He had to pass the garden adjoining his father's, and belonging to a little tumbledown house with four windows. asked Alyosha. cried Dmitri at the top of his voice. To send an angel.
The Confession Of A Passionate Heart--In Anecdote   "I was leading a wild life then. With me money is an accessory, the overflow of my heart, the framework. In fact a Karamazov! She was the daughter of an official, a sweet, gentle, submissive creature. But I didn't say a word to her for five months. I tried to break it off without quarreling. Another thing, one could never think of her as a young lady. Shortly afterwards he was ordered to retire. He had enemies certainly. Suddenly there was a marked coolness in the town towards him and all his family. she said. The lieutenant-colonel flew to him. I have come ... give me the money!' I longed to play her the nastiest swinish cad's trick: to look at her with a sneer, and on the spot where she stood before me to stun her with a tone of voice that only a shopman could use.  " You've put yourself out to no purpose.' Well, so much for that 'adventure' with Katerina Ivanovna.
Chapter V. The Confession Of A Passionate Heart--"Heels Up"   "Now," said Alyosha, "I understand the first half." "Stop, Dmitri. I know that. How can you break off the engagement if she, your betrothed, doesn't want to?" "  "But is that possible?" Alyosha!" "To father?" I know he won't. I can tell you more than that. He has sent her word of it, and she has sent him word that perhaps she'll come. Foma has a room in the house of these sluts here. God knows my heart.
Smerdyakov   He did in fact find his father still at table. He often slept quite alone in the house, sending his servants to the lodge; but usually Smerdyakov remained, sleeping on a bench in the hall. The servants, Grigory and Smerdyakov, were standing by. Coffee is a lenten dish, but it's hot and good. He was a young man of about four and twenty, remarkably unsociable and taciturn. Are you a human being?" "What's that for?" When Fyodor Pavlovitch heard of it, his attitude to the boy seemed changed at once. When Fyodor Pavlovitch heard of this development in Smerdyakov he determined to make him his cook, and sent him to Moscow to be trained.
asked Fyodor Pavlovitch, catching the smile instantly, and knowing that it referred to Grigory. "Well, my opinion is," Smerdyakov began suddenly and unexpectedly in a loud voice, "that if that laudable soldier's exploit was so very great there would have been, to my thinking, no sin in it if he had on such an emergency renounced, so to speak, the name of Christ and his own christening, to save by that same his life, for good deeds, by which, in the course of years to expiate his cowardice." "He's a rascal, that's what he is!" Is that so or not, Grigory Vassilyevitch?" Ivan listened with perfect seriousness to his father's excited whisper. He was watching Smerdyakov with great curiosity. What do you say to that! Ivan, make a note of it, write it down. "I'm not talking about his faith.
Over The Brandy   The controversy was over. Worse still with Alyosha, he despises Alyosha. "Of course he isn't." And the girl he has thrashed to-day, the young man will ask in marriage to-morrow. Ivan, speak, is there a God or not? In God is immortality." Ivan! "And the devil? Does he exist?" And that from you. "There is, there is. And he kept it. And he kissed his hand with a smack. Alyosha, Alyosha, what's the matter?" Water, quickly! He's upset about his mother, his mother," he muttered to Ivan. At that moment a fearful noise and clamor was heard in the hall, there were violent shouts, the door was flung open, and Dmitri burst into the room.
The Sensualists   Grigory and Smerdyakov ran into the room after Dmitri. Hold him!" "Ivan! "He's been stealing money in my bedroom." "Dmitri! Compliments, his compliments! Describe the scene to her." He ran out of the room. At last they got the old man undressed, and put him to bed. Alyosha said to him. "Alyosha, and what of the other? He's run to Grushenka.
On the contrary, he was hastening there as though expecting to find guidance from her. Alyosha knew that she lived with two aunts. Stay! How dare he not know me after all that has happened? I know how bewitching she is, but I know too that she is kind, firm and noble. This is a friend. Show yourself to him." A violent revulsion passed over Alyosha. Is it for me to defend you? I've a bad heart; I will have my own way. What then?" Katerina Ivanovna shrieked, and would have rushed at her, but Alyosha held her with all his strength. Grushenka ran out of the house, laughing musically. Suddenly he was overtaken by the maid.
Another Reputation Ruined   It was not much more than three-quarters of a mile from the town to the monastery. By her house? Crush me like a beetle. Oh, Dmitri! "  "Well, what of that? Look at the night. "No, not that.... Whom?" he cried. And a tigress she is! exclaimed Alyosha sorrowfully. Dmitri frowned fiercely, and struck his forehead with his hand. She understood it all then. "Stay, Alexey, one more confession to you alone!" Alyosha went towards the monastery. Alyosha learnt with alarm that he was getting worse and worse. "He is weaker, a drowsiness has come over him," Father Paissy whispered to Alyosha, as he blessed him. Alyosha murmured, crossing himself, and falling into peaceful sleep.
Father Ferapont   Alyosha was roused early, before daybreak. He talked as much as he could. "Love God's people. For know, dear ones, that every one of us is undoubtedly responsible for all men and everything on earth, not merely through the general sinfulness of creation, but each one personally for all mankind and every individual man. All were expecting that some marvel would happen immediately after the elder's death. To which Father Zossima had answered sternly, forbidding her to do so, and saying that to pray for the living as though they were dead was a kind of sorcery. broke from him. Father Ferapont was sitting at the door of his cell on a low bench. He spoke with a broad accent. In the same way on the Saturday we have to fast till three o'clock, and then take a little bread and water and drink a single cup of wine. "The Holy Ghost in the form of a dove?" "He speaks." "What sort of shape?" He will take me in His arms and bear me away." Alyosha hesitated. He made haste that he might finish what he had to do in the town and return quickly.
At His Father's   First of all, Alyosha went to his father. On the way he remembered that his father had insisted the day before that he should come without his brother Ivan seeing him. "Why so?" "He is doing his utmost to carry off Mitya's betrothed. asked Alyosha. "Yes, he did, long ago. "Why won't he talk to me? And I'll marry Grushenka in a minute if I want to. That's what Ivan is afraid of, he is on the watch to prevent me getting married and that's why he is egging on Mitya to marry Grushenka himself. Ivan is not going to Tchermashnya--why is that? He is not one of us in soul. And your Mitya will squelch too. When the wind blows, the dust will be gone.... He is a low cad! "What's that for?" Be sure to come!
And what of Dmitri? But it is the only way for a grown-up person to get at once into confidential relations with a child, or still more with a group of children. "It's you he is throwing at now, not us. "What's wrong with him?" the same boy went on. The boy waited for him without budging. Coming up to him, Alyosha saw facing him a child of about nine years old. cried the boy. Alyosha continued. he cried. Alyosha cried out with pain and pulled his finger away with all his might. The boy stared in amazement.
He restored the son to his mother!" "He is dying to-day," said Alyosha. I could hardly wait for the morning and for Herzenstube to come. He says that he can make nothing of it, that we must wait. She was on the look-out for you." Who laughs at him? A comedy, perhaps, not a tragedy. Alyosha unbound his bitten finger. She was quite frightened at the sight of Alyosha's wound. she asked Alyosha, quickly. You've got it in that pocket. Give me back the letter at once, give it me." "But you are mad," said Lise, nervously, "to make all this nonsense out of a joke! And here's Yulia with the ice!" Is that what you say?" "Mamma, take him away quickly.
At the moment Alyosha and Madame Hohlakov entered, Ivan Fyodorovitch stood up to take leave. During the preceding month it had been several times suggested to him that his brother Ivan was in love with Katerina Ivanovna, and, what was more, that he meant "to carry her off" from Dmitri. In what way did it assist him? To marry Grushenka? Alyosha could not help believing that of Ivan. And with which of them was Alyosha to sympathize? And what was he to wish for each of them? If he loved any one, he set to work at once to help him. Seeing Alyosha, Katerina Ivanovna said quickly and joyfully to Ivan, who had already got up to go, "A minute! Stay another minute! But with Katerina Ivanovna's character, that moment will last all her life. As he says, so it shall be. "He is going to Moscow, and you cry out that you are glad. "In a theater? "What are you talking about? cried Katerina Ivanovna, and there was an hysterical ring in her voice. She has talked to me of nothing but her love for him. Alyosha clasped his hands. "Ivan!" Katerina Ivanovna went suddenly into the next room. Good- by!" "To whom, to whom?" "What is the matter?" Before leaving, Alyosha would have opened the door to see Lise.
In a love-affair. Is this the way to bring them together?" The captain's lodging turned out to be a simple cottage room. Yet he knew from Katerina Ivanovna's words that the man had a family. "So your boy is a good boy, he loves his father, and he attacked me as the brother of your assailant.... Now I understand it," he repeated thoughtfully. he turned with a sort of fury to Alyosha, pointing to the poor imbecile.
And In The Open Air   "The air is fresh, but in my apartment it is not so in any sense of the word. He was enchanted at that, most of all at the thought of having a horse and driving him. he cried. The notes seemed to produce a tremendous impression on the captain. "There would be enough!" cried Alyosha.
Now she was in a fever. Alyosha listened with distress, and was beginning to describe his adventures, but she interrupted him at the first words. She begged him to sit with Lise and wait for her there. Go to Lise, cheer her up, as you always can so charmingly. Lise was extremely touched by his story. cried Lise, looking with great surprise at Alyosha. In deciding so certainly that he will take the money?" Suddenly he stooped down and kissed her on her lips. cried Lise. "And in that dress!" _He_ told me to marry, too. I have been thinking it over. "But I am not going to give it to you. "I told a lie so as not to give you back the letter. "Alyosha," she murmured again, "look at the door. "Really, Lise? What has meanness to do with it? What about? said Lise quietly and gently. But Alyosha did not answer. "Make haste back to _him_ while he is alive. Alyosha thought it better not to go in to Madame Hohlakov and was going out of the house without saying good-by to her. "But why?" asked Alyosha. We may have to wait another year and a half." It means love to the daughter but death to the mother. I'm her mother.
Smerdyakov With A Guitar   He had no time to lose indeed. His plan was to catch his brother Dmitri unawares, to climb over the fence, as he had the day before, get into the garden and sit in the summer-house. If, as before, Dmitri were lying in wait for Grushenka to come, he would be very likely to come to the summer-house. He did not want to be noticed. Alyosha sat down and began to wait. It was a lackey's tenor and a lackey's song. "How so?" Alyosha got up and walked towards them. Alyosha explained. Smerdyakov turned a deliberate, unmoved glance upon him. he asked, looking at Alyosha. "For Dmitri Fyodorovitch often goes to the summer-house in that way. "Brother Ivan invited Dmitri to the restaurant to-day?"
When I went away to Moscow for the first few years I never thought of you at all. And then to say good-by. I believe it's always best to get to know people just before leaving them. But in the end I have learned to respect you. Dmitri says of you--Ivan is a tomb! laughed Ivan. Ivan laughed suddenly. And what does your second half mean?" Father doesn't want to turn aside from his cup till he is seventy, he dreams of hanging on to eighty in fact, so he says. Ivan frowned and pondered. asked Alyosha. Is that it?" I was told at the elder's yesterday that I was joking. I have come to the conclusion that, since I can't understand even that, I can't expect to understand about God. said Alyosha.
He was God. But even then we should not love them. But enough of that. I meant to speak of the suffering of mankind generally, but we had better confine ourselves to the sufferings of the children. Are you fond of children, Alyosha? "I think if the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness." "Just as he did God, then?" observed Alyosha.  " But they wouldn't even give him that, and beat him when he stole from the pigs. He wrote to the court himself that he was a monster, but that in the end God had vouchsafed him light and shown grace. 'It's such a simple thing,' he says, 'an everyday domestic event. Without it, I am told, man could not have existed on earth, for he could not have known good and evil. He is told that the boy threw a stone that hurt the dog's paw. To be shot? Speak, Alyosha!" cried Ivan. But how? "Rebellion? "And can you admit the idea that men for whom you are building it would agree to accept their happiness on the foundation of the unexpiated blood of a little victim? smiled Ivan. "My poem is called 'The Grand Inquisitor'; it's a ridiculous thing, but I want to tell it to you."
Chapter V. The Grand Inquisitor   "Even this must have a preface--that is, a literary preface," laughed Ivan, "and I am a poor hand at making one. You see, my action takes place in the sixteenth century, and at that time, as you probably learnt at school, it was customary in poetry to bring down heavenly powers on earth. Our Lady visits hell, and the Archangel Michael leads her through the torments. But humanity awaits him with the same faith and with the same love. My story is laid in Spain, in Seville, in the most terrible time of the Inquisition, when fires were lighted every day to the glory of God, and 'in the splendid _auto da fe_ the wicked heretics were burnt.' Oh, of course, this was not the coming in which He will appear according to His promise at the end of time in all His heavenly glory, and which will be sudden 'as lightning flashing from east to west.' That might be one of the best passages in the poem. The people are irresistibly drawn to Him, they surround Him, they flock about Him, follow Him. The crowd weeps and kisses the earth under His feet. "There are cries, sobs, confusion among the people, and at that moment the cardinal himself, the Grand Inquisitor, passes by the cathedral. In the pitch darkness the iron door of the prison is suddenly opened and the Grand Inquisitor himself comes in with a light in his hand. Knowest Thou that? He might have been struck by the appearance of the Prisoner. "The old man has told Him He hasn't the right to add anything to what He has said of old. Was this Thy freedom?' Thou wast warned,' he says to Him. asked Alyosha. And yet if there has ever been on earth a real stupendous miracle, it took place on that day, on the day of the three temptations. Thou didst reply that man lives not by bread alone. And all again in the name of freedom! For the secret of man's being is not only to live but to have something to live for. Didst Thou forget that man prefers peace, and even death, to freedom of choice in the knowledge of good and evil? But didst Thou not know that he would at last reject even Thy image and Thy truth, if he is weighed down with the fearful burden of free choice? But Thou didst not know that when man rejects miracle he rejects God too; for man seeks not so much God as the miraculous. That would have been more like love, for his burden would have been lighter. But they will see at last, the foolish children, that, though they are rebels, they are impotent rebels, unable to keep up their own rebellion. The great prophet tells in vision and in image, that he saw all those who took part in the first resurrection and that there were of each tribe twelve thousand. And how are the other weak ones to blame, because they could not endure what the strong have endured? Be angry. Oh, the work is only beginning, but it has begun. Mankind as a whole has always striven to organize a universal state. For who can rule men if not he who holds their conscience and their bread in his hands? Thou didst Thyself lift up that banner. They will see that we do not change the stones to bread, but in truth they will be more thankful for taking it from our hands than for the bread itself! Is that the way to understand it? Who are these keepers of the mystery who have taken some curse upon themselves for the happiness of mankind? Enough of it." "Or was it the end?" When the Inquisitor ceased speaking he waited some time for his Prisoner to answer him. But He suddenly approached the old man in silence and softly kissed him on his bloodless aged lips. "The kiss glows in his heart, but the old man adheres to his idea." cried Alyosha, mournfully. Ivan laughed. By what will you escape it? "In the Karamazov way, again." Everything is lawful, is that it?" "Yes, if you like, 'everything is lawful' since the word has been said. Alyosha got up, went to him and softly kissed him on the lips. "You stole that from my poem. Come, go now to your Pater Seraphicus, he is dying. Alyosha wondered. Several times afterwards he wondered how he could on leaving Ivan so completely forget his brother Dmitri, though he had that morning, only a few hours before, so firmly resolved to find him and not to give up doing so, even should he be unable to return to the monastery that night.
For Awhile A Very Obscure One   And Ivan, on parting from Alyosha, went home to Fyodor Pavlovitch's house. "Is it loathing for my father's house?" Ivan tried "not to think," but that, too, was no use. Later on, there had been trouble in the house. Ivan shook. He asked the question softly and meekly, to his own surprise, and at once, again to his own surprise, sat down on the bench. Smerdyakov seemed to seize the moment. When will she come?' I fell from the garret that time. Ivan inquired, with a peculiar, irritable curiosity. "They'll think I am an accomplice, because I let him know the signals as a great secret." "Confound it! And as for Grigory Vassilyevitch hearing him and not admitting him, he has been ill ever since yesterday, and Marfa Ignatyevna intends to give him medicine to-morrow. They'll be asleep." If he means to do anything, he'll do it; but if not, I shan't be thrusting him upon his father." Any one who had seen his face at that moment would have known that he was not laughing from lightness of heart, and he could not have explained himself what he was feeling at that instant.
"It's Always Worth While Speaking To A Clever Man"   And in the same nervous frenzy, too, he spoke. "Confound him! Not to tell me yesterday! Go to Tchermashnya on the way. What makes him valuable is that he is not from these parts, so he is not afraid of the Maslovs. He has no eye for business. He is a liar. Come, will you go?" "You force me to go to that damned Tchermashnya yourself, then?" cried Ivan, with a malignant smile. You can go to Venice. Of Dmitri, for instance, he did not say a word. Only when accompanying his son out on to the steps, the old man began to fuss about. "Good-by, Ivan! He remembered it long after. He told them to harness the horses.
Father Zossima And His Visitors   When with an anxious and aching heart Alyosha went into his elder's cell, he stood still almost astonished. Alyosha went up to him, bowed down before him to the ground and wept. Remember that. he would ask, joking. he would exclaim. There was a great deal of talk even in the town about his death. And how much that is great, mysterious and unfathomable there is in it! He left them at last not able to bear the suffering of his heart, flung himself on his bed and wept. Do you suppose that the peasants don't understand?
We found the people of the town hospitable, rich and fond of entertainments. What a crime! I asked him. "But not in a duel," cried my second again. "Yes, but he was afraid of his other shot and begged for forgiveness." "No," they would say, "he is a brave fellow, he faced fire and could have fired his own pistol too, but he had a dream the night before that he should become a monk, that's why he did it." So prone is the man of the world to be ashamed of any righteous action. And I learned a great deal that was profitable from him, for he was a man of lofty mind. "And when," I cried out to him bitterly, "when will that come to pass? And then the sign of the Son of Man will be seen in the heavens.... This had become quite evident, indeed, about a month after he first began to visit me. His crime was a great and terrible one. The man knew--indeed his mistress did not conceal the fact--that having to send one of her serfs as a recruit she had decided to send him, as he had no relations and his conduct was unsatisfactory. They arrested him, and he was tried for the murder; but a week after the arrest, the prisoner fell sick of a fever and died unconscious in the hospital. And after that the punishment began. He was miserable a long time, but not for that reason; only from regret that he had killed the woman he loved, that she was no more, that in killing her he had killed his love, while the fire of passion was still in his veins. At last, however, he began brooding over the past, and the strain of it was too much for him. At last he believed with his whole heart that if he confessed his crime, he would heal his soul and would be at peace for ever. No one has been condemned, no one has been sent to Siberia in my place, the man died of fever. "Go and confess," I whispered to him. Suddenly I saw the door open and he came in again. He sat down. After dinner he walked into the middle of the room, with a paper in his hand--a formal declaration to the chief of his department who was present. A few days later it was fully decided and agreed in every house that the unhappy man was mad. Five days later, all had heard that he was ill and that his life was in danger. he said. I came to kill you!" The Lord vanquished the devil in my heart. A week later he died.
That is the modern doctrine of the world. The salvation of Russia comes from the people. And the Russian monk has always been on the side of the people. We are isolated only if the people are isolated. Remember that! All from drunkenness! It is impossible that there should be no servants in the world, but act so that your servant may be freer in spirit than if he were not a servant. Love all God's creation, the whole and every grain of sand in it. When he understands that, he will be able to be a judge. Believe that, believe it without doubt; for in that lies all the hope and faith of the saints. But though suffering, he still looked at them with a smile, sank slowly from his chair on to his knees, then bowed his face to the ground, stretched out his arms and as though in joyful ecstasy, praying and kissing the ground, quietly and joyfully gave up his soul to God.
The Breath Of Corruption   The body of Father Zossima was prepared for burial according to the established ritual. It was decided to leave the coffin all day in the cell, in the larger room in which the elder used to receive his visitors and fellow monks. And as time went on, this grew more and more marked. Rejoice and weep not. Don't you know that this is the greatest of his days? Think only where he is now, at this moment!" He was reverenced during his lifetime as a crazy saint by all the pilgrims to the monastery. But if the whole truth is to be told, they hardly had a choice about it. Behind him there could be seen accompanying him a crowd of monks, together with many people from the town. I want to sweep them out with a birch broom." In that we see a great sign from God." "You are proud and puffed up, this is a vain place!" "This is the one who is a saint!
And so Alyosha, untroubled by doubts, clothed his dreams too in the same form as all the rest. He went up and called him by his name. He had meant to say, "Can you have come to this?" cried Alyosha irritably. But there.... Rakitin thought a moment over his answer. "What idiocy is this?" Why, it's a regular mutiny, with barricades! Vodka is going too far for you, I suppose ... or would you like some?" Eh, you are a set! Will you come?" "Let's go to Grushenka," Alyosha answered calmly, at once, and this prompt and calm agreement was such a surprise to Rakitin that he almost started back. And indeed it was not to please Grushenka he was taking Alyosha to her.
Chapter III. An Onion   Grushenka lived in the busiest part of the town, near the cathedral square, in a small wooden lodge in the courtyard belonging to the house of the widow Morozov. She had no need to let her lodge, but every one knew that she had taken in Grushenka as a lodger, four years before, solely to please her kinsman, the merchant Samsonov, who was known to be the girl's protector. There were rumors that she had been at seventeen betrayed by some one, some sort of officer, and immediately afterwards abandoned by him. The old widower Samsonov, a man of large fortune, was stingy and merciless. But Grushenka had succeeded in emancipating herself, while she established in him a boundless belief in her fidelity. Whom have you brought? Grushenka turned with a smile to Alyosha. "And do you know much about them?" But I am glad as it is! And she really was glad, she was not lying when she said so. laughed Grushenka. And I don't want to think of that at this moment. "Alyosha, she is really afraid of a chicken like you." Grushenka caught him up hotly. said Rakitin tauntingly; "and she's sitting on his knee, too! She crossed herself devoutly. Alyosha's lips were quivering and he caught his breath. "An onion? And she died and did not leave a single good deed behind. But she was a very wicked woman and she began kicking them. And the woman fell into the lake and she is burning there to this day. Listen, Alyosha. And don't dare to speak to me like that again. I wanted to so much, that I bribed Rakitin to bring you. And now that man who wronged me has come; I sit here waiting for a message from him. But Rakitin looked at him ironically and Alyosha stopped short. The man who has wronged her has come back, he sends for her and she forgives him everything, and hastens joyfully to meet him and she won't take a knife with her. Alyosha, come to me, sit down here." Decide for me, Alyosha, the time has come, it shall be as you say. "You don't know what that finery is for, Rakitin! Grushenka leapt up from her place. She suddenly left them and ran into her bedroom.
Alyosha turned to the right from the door to the corner, fell on his knees and began to pray. He began listening to what Father Paissy was reading, but worn out with exhaustion he gradually began to doze. "_And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee;_" read Father Paissy. What's that?... A marriage!" And, indeed, was it to make wine abundant at poor weddings He had come down to earth? He has stood up, he sees me, he is coming here.... God!"... The elder raised Alyosha by the hand and he rose from his knees. "Water the earth with the tears of your joy and love those tears," echoed in his soul.
For him the whole tormenting question lay between him and Fyodor Pavlovitch. I am going to marry him and don't want you"--and then ... but then.... Where then was he to get the means, where was he to get the fateful money? He suddenly determined to go to Samsonov, the merchant who was Grushenka's protector, and to propose a "scheme" to him, and by means of it to obtain from him at once the whole of the sum required. And he believed not only that he would not object, but that this was what he desired, and, if opportunity arose, that he would be ready to help. and jumping up from his seat, awaited the answer to his foolish proposal. He suddenly noticed a movement in the old man's face. He started. He is a peasant, he does business in timber. His name is Lyagavy. So now to this priest!" "To be sure!"
his dreams were not fated to be carried out. I'll pay you for the light," he said to the forester, "for the night's lodging, too; you'll remember Dmitri Karamazov. Mechanically he went up to the sleeping man and looked in his face. Oh, the idiocy of it!" "I'll settle it to- day."
The truly jealous man is not like that. he thought. And what was more, he felt suddenly convinced that she would not refuse to lend it to him. At first fortune seemed to smile upon him. "But the money? You're the servant there?" "She has been there, sir. "From your terror I know where she is."
In The Dark   Where was he running? It was not a large room, and was divided in two parts by a red screen, "Chinese," as Fyodor Pavlovitch used to call it. His father was standing near the window, apparently lost in thought. "Grushenka, is it you? "He's alone." And the old man almost climbed out of the window, peering out to the right, where there was a door into the garden, trying to see into the darkness. It's not summer now," thought Grigory, and suddenly, at that very instant he caught a glimpse of something extraordinary before him in the garden. He recognized him, it was he, the "monster," the "parricide." In Mitya's hands was a brass pestle, and he flung it mechanically in the grass. But the blood was flowing horribly; and in a moment Mitya's fingers were drenched with the hot stream. He flew back again to the widow Morozov's house. "What for?"
Where is she? Just ten minutes later Dmitri went in to Pyotr Ilyitch Perhotin, the young official with whom he had pawned his pistols. What is the matter?" "How is it that you're all covered with blood? "A wash-stand? "Misha," he turned to the boy as he came in, "look here, run to Plotnikov's and tell them that Dmitri Fyodorovitch sends his greetings, and will be there directly.... "Why 'nonsense'?" A fool.... I love life! Is that a pun, eh?" It must be taken back to her." "I'm talking of other people's money. "And what then?" Dmitri Fyodorovitch, dear, don't take a fellow creature's life!" "The pistols? It's all the same now. He played a second game, and suddenly began telling one of his partners that Dmitri Karamazov had come in for some cash again--something like three thousand roubles, and had gone to Mokroe again to spend it with Grushenka.... he thought, with a feeling of positive discomfort.
"I will efface myself!" he said, in a rush of almost hysterical ecstasy. It had not occurred to him before. How's that? he asked frantically. "To hell?" But let me love to the end.... "Trifon Borissovitch, is that you?" They've come back from Tcherny, and are putting up here. "The Pole--the officer?" He turned to the cart and pulled out the box of pistols.
They'll bring the wine at once.... He looked shyly and happily at every one, with a continual nervous little laugh, and the blissful expression of a dog who has done wrong, been punished, and forgiven. The Pole on the sofa struck him by his dignified demeanor and his Polish accent; and, above all, by his pipe. He he!" "To Russia! "From the landlord? Cards!" "The bodyguard?
Grushenka settled herself just at the door. And the dances were as bad. Then a gypsy comes along and he, too, tries:       The gypsy came to try the girls:     Would they love him, would they not? Grushenka laughed. passed through his mind. Seeing Mitya, she beckoned him to her, and when he ran to her, she grasped his hand tightly. No, him, him! In another minute she might have cried. said Grushenka, and went forward to dance. "Well, now I'll go," thought Kalganov, and walking out of the blue room, he closed the two halves of the door after him. And far, far away. How sweet that is!..." "The old man!" It's delirium!..."
Fenya kept exclaiming. Moreover, the question he had to decide was not how soon the blood had dried, but where Dmitri Fyodorovitch had run with the pestle, or rather, whether it really was to Fyodor Pavlovitch's, and how he could satisfactorily ascertain. It was exactly eleven o'clock when he entered Madame Hohlakov's house. He begged the maid most earnestly to take another message in these very words:  "That he had come on business of the greatest importance, and that Madame Hohlakov might have cause to regret it later, if she refused to see him now." I am a mother.... "Why, has he killed somebody else?" His hands and face were all covered with blood, and he looked like a madman. Save the old man ... run to his father ... Such precision!
Marya Kondratyevna ran there and gave the alarm to the whole party at the police captain's. But he was particularly interested in the condition of the servant, Smerdyakov.
"He did it through me. You're the most to blame!" But he was quickly and resolutely suppressed. Beside him and behind him stood the men with metal plates. His face beamed. "No, not penitent, don't write that. She is my light, she is my holy one, and if only you knew!
"That I absolutely refuse to answer, gentlemen. But he pulled himself together to go on again. Mitya waited gloomily, and was beginning to tell how he ran into his father's garden when the investigating lawyer suddenly stopped him, and opening the big portfolio that lay on the sofa beside him he brought out the brass pestle. And Mitya described how he took the pestle and ran. broke from him suddenly. He sat with his elbows on the table and his head in his hand. "Is that the sort of thing you dream about?"
But the devil was conquered. I rushed from the window and ran to the fence. You have to do with a prisoner who gives evidence against himself, to his own damage! 'Not to frighten him.' I simply wanted to make sure whether he was alive or not." The prosecutor, too, intervened, and again reminded the prisoner that he was at liberty to refuse to answer questions, if he thought it to his interest, and so on. Don't be anxious about your money.
The Prosecutor Catches Mitya   Something utterly unexpected and amazing to Mitya followed. They impressed upon him that his clothes, being stained with blood, must be "included with the other material evidence," and that they "had not even the right to let him have them now ... taking into consideration the possible outcome of the case."
Mitya's Great Secret. Received With Hisses   "Gentlemen," he began, still in the same agitation, "I want to make a full confession: that money was _my own_." The lawyers' faces lengthened. But not from my father. "Katerina Ivanovna!" The prosecutor, too, stared. Well, I've kept that other half, that fifteen hundred, like a locket round my neck, but yesterday I undid it, and spent it. Who counted the money? He was provoked. It's absurd to ask. "You'd better show us the remains of it. And we are in no mood for laughing, Dmitri Fyodorovitch." said Mitya, losing his temper at last. he decided, in an exhausted voice.
The Evidence Of The Witnesses. The Babe   The examination of the witnesses began. "Come now, is that so, Trifon Borissovitch?" "You did say so, Dmitri Fyodorovitch. he cried. inquired the prosecutor, and learned that he had told Grushenka so several times. Why is the babe poor?
But the thunderbolt has fallen. I accept my punishment, not because I killed him, but because I meant to kill him, and perhaps I really might have killed him. I'll fight it out with you to the end, and then God will decide. Saying good-by to you, I say it to all men." Grushenka made a deep bow to Mitya. Her lips quivered, tears flowed from her eyes. "Forgive us too!" They ran to look for him. Mitya put in. He flushed all over. Running up to the cart he held out his hand to Mitya. Is it worth it?"
The Boys Chapter I. Kolya Krassotkin   It was the beginning of November. It belonged to Madame Krassotkin, the widow of a former provincial secretary, who had been dead for fourteen years. He was a resolute boy, "tremendously strong," as was rumored in his class, and soon proved to be the fact; he was agile, strong-willed, and of an audacious and enterprising temper. Kolya maintained stoutly that he would. The boys rushed to Kolya. Next day he had a slight attack of nervous fever, but he was in high spirits and well pleased with himself.
The two "kids" adored him. But Kolya was bothered and did not go in. "But is her husband in prison?" The children listened with intense interest. He even uncorked the flask and shook a little powder into the palm of his hand. "Mother never does whip us," Nastya observed at once. And time is passing, time is passing, oogh!" "Tell Perezvon to pretend to be dead!" Though Kolya had been so anxious for her return, he did not cut short the performance, and after keeping Perezvon dead for the usual time, at last he whistled to him.
At last he could go out. asked Smurov. What would a schoolboy be if he were not whipped? One has to know how to talk to the peasants." "Don't laugh, Kolya. "I'm in a hurry. Kolya scanned him gravely. says he. Who is he? Can't you see it all over his face that he is a fool, that peasant, eh?" Twenty paces from the house Kolya stopped and told Smurov to go on ahead and ask Karamazov to come out to him. Smurov protested. "You go in; they will be awfully glad to see you.
The Lost Dog   Kolya leaned against the fence with an air of dignity, waiting for Alyosha to appear. Yes, he had long wanted to meet him. And what are these boys to him? he sometimes thought, doubtful even of that. But it must not be supposed that his mind was preoccupied with his face and his height. Kolya wondered, feeling pleased. To Kolya's surprise, Alyosha came out to him just as he was, without an overcoat. He held out his hand to Kolya at once. "Not Zhutchka?" They always laugh when an older boy makes friends with a younger one like that; but that's a prejudice. He told him to take a piece of bread, to stick a pin in it, and throw it to one of those hungry dogs who snap up anything without biting it, and then to watch and see what would happen. Kolya asked, with great curiosity. "And as soon as I saw you with a dog, I thought it was Zhutchka you were bringing." Let us go in, though, and, by the way, what is your name? You know, they spring from the growing artistic instincts of the young. Kolya was much pleased with Alyosha.
That was why Alyosha had not been to see him, as he had meant to. And how can you imagine a dog could be alive after swallowing a pin? For a minute they were silent again. "No ... "Where ... is Zhutchka?" Perezvon dashed headlong into the room. "Simply for that!" "What is it? Kolya was disconcerted. The captain darted up to her at once and did so. Kolya flushed. His father saw it. For weeks he had been longing to. "Troy was founded by Teucer, Dardanus, Ilius and Tros," the boy rapped out at once, and in the same instant he blushed, blushed so, that it was painful to look at him. "The doctor has come!" The boys hurriedly took leave. Kolya called Perezvon and the dog jumped off the bed.
Precocity   "What do you think the doctor will say to him?" Alyosha noticed this, smiled, and pressed his hand. "I have heard you are a mystic and have been in the monastery. Of course, God is only a hypothesis, but ... I admit that He is needed ... for the order of the universe and all that ... and that if there were no God He would have to be invented," added Kolya, beginning to blush. Alyosha finished. "A Socialist?" Why, I thought you were only thirteen?" Kolya winced. cried Alyosha. And certainly no one told me so. "And have you read Byelinsky?" I often disagree with Mr. Rakitin. Kolya rapped out suddenly and drew himself up before Alyosha, as though he were on drill. smiled Alyosha. "That would have more effect on you than anything." cried Alyosha. "That's not ridiculous, is it?" Kolya agreed at once.
He cast a cursory glance round the passage, looking sternly at Alyosha and Kolya as he did so. The doctor looked at him. "What's that?" he addressed Alyosha, as though asking him to explain. The sick boy was holding his hand and calling for his father. His voice broke. "Kolya, you must be sure to keep your word and come, or he will be terribly disappointed," Alyosha said emphatically. Will you come yourself?" he cried sharply and angrily to Alyosha.
During the two months that had passed since Mitya's arrest, Alyosha had called frequently at the widow Morozov's house, both from his own inclination and to take messages for Mitya. Three days after Mitya's arrest, Grushenka was taken very ill and was ill for nearly five weeks. Yet Katerina Ivanovna had not once visited Mitya in his prison, though she might have done it whenever she liked. But Grushenka sent almost every day to inquire after him. asked Alyosha. 'So you've begun keeping him.' "Of the servant girls." "On purpose?" queried Alyosha. "Well, whether he loves her or not, I'll soon find out for myself," said Grushenka, with a menacing note in her voice, taking the handkerchief from her eyes. Now he is lying very ill. "As an expert. cried Grushenka. "Yes, there's a fearful accumulation of evidence," Alyosha observed grimly. She is this and that, and that means that I am not. Ivan is not in love with Katerina Ivanovna, I think." He is lying to me, shameless deceiver, that's what it is! And again she cried bitterly. Alyosha shook hands with her. He had a great many things to do still.
Alyosha had not called for four days and he was in haste to go straight to Lise, as it was with her he had to speak, for Lise had sent a maid to him the previous day, specially asking him to come to her "about something very important," a request which, for certain reasons, had interest for Alyosha. You have come to see Lise. And, good heavens! A captivating little foot. So I turned him out. He must have written it. Listen, what is an aberration?" "I'll tell you. This doctor has come. They found out about aberration as soon as the law courts were reformed. cried Alyosha. "To Lise."
A Little Demon   Going in to Lise, he found her half reclining in the invalid-chair, in which she had been wheeled when she was unable to walk. She did not hold out her hand to him. asked Alyosha. She suddenly laughed. Alyosha, why is it I don't respect you? It's better to dream. Only you in the whole world. Alyosha, is it true that at Easter the Jews steal a child and kill it?" Alyosha looked at her in silence. "Simply to ask about that, about that child?" "Only he does not believe any one. As soon as Alyosha had gone, Lise unbolted the door, opened it a little, put her finger in the crack and slammed the door with all her might, pinching her finger. Her lips were quivering and she kept whispering rapidly to herself:  "I am a wretch, wretch, wretch, wretch!"
A Hymn And A Secret   It was quite late (days are short in November) when Alyosha rang at the prison gate. Rakitin fired up instantly. Have you broken with him completely? asked Alyosha. "Oh, you mean the trial! "Rakitin knows. And Rakitin will make his way. "He wants to write an article about me, about my case, and so begin his literary career. Awfully conceited, though. He says that to my face! Do you understand that?" He was hidden in me, but would never have come to the surface, if it hadn't been for this blow from heaven. I am afraid! That was a sign to me at that moment. Then if He doesn't exist, man is the chief of the earth, of the universe. Only how is he going to be good without God? I always come back to that. Ivan has no God. He has an idea. But he is silent. That was what he dropped. "When was he with you?" Grigory sticks to his point. exclaimed Alyosha. What if they won't let her follow me to Siberia? Ivan says that in America, 'with the good-will,' I can be of more use than underground. "His, his, and he is very keen on it. And he says we can arrange a magnificent escape for ten thousand." asked Alyosha. But I saw it from his eyes. Such distrustfulness in Mitya, such lack of confidence even to him, to Alyosha--all this suddenly opened before Alyosha an unsuspected depth of hopeless grief and despair in the soul of his unhappy brother.
Chapter V. Not You, Not You! that I bowed down to the ground for that money!" But did he do it? Is he the murderer?" Alyosha followed him. exclaimed Alyosha. cried Alyosha. It's not he murdered father, not he!" Ivan suddenly stopped. "Who is the murderer then, according to you?" He could scarcely breathe. " 'Not you'! Alyosha repeated firmly. "No, Ivan. God has sent me to tell you so." Ivan lived some distance from him. It was to him Ivan was going now, drawn by a sudden and irresistible prompting.
The First Interview With Smerdyakov   This was the third time that Ivan had been to see Smerdyakov since his return from Moscow. The first time he had seen him and talked to him was on the first day of his arrival, then he had visited him once more, a fortnight later. asked Ivan. Smerdyakov sighed again and again. "My brother directly accuses you of the murder and theft."
The Second Visit To Smerdyakov   By that time Smerdyakov had been discharged from the hospital. Ivan said this in a perfect fury, giving him to understand with obvious intention that he scorned any subterfuge or indirectness and meant to show his cards. He stared impudently at Ivan. "Do you suppose I _knew_ of the murder?" he cried suddenly. "As for the murder, you couldn't have done that and didn't want to, but as for wanting some one else to do it, that was just what you did want." This was the document of which Ivan spoke to Alyosha later on as a "conclusive proof" that Dmitri had killed his father. Dmitri is not a thief! Kill me! he asked himself.
The Third And Last Interview With Smerdyakov   When he was half-way there, the keen dry wind that had been blowing early that morning rose again, and a fine dry snow began falling thickly. Smerdyakov measured him with his eyes. Ivan started. "Who is he? Go on." "Not to me. "I expected him to kill Fyodor Pavlovitch. "But he would never have found the money. Ivan felt that. He opened it. 'Where is she? I'm determined to! Smerdyakov paused as though pondering.
The Devil. Look at the spiritualists, for instance.... And if you come to that, does proving there's a devil prove that there's a God? "I seem to be delirious.... What a nightmare to have! repeated Ivan. "The devil have rheumatism!" 'Who doesn't believe in the devil? Ivan snarled malignantly. But what about me? he said, and he beat his breast. cried Ivan. I was only thinking of him!" cried Ivan.
"Who is _he_?" There's a constellation of the Lion and the Sun. Ivan cried suddenly. It has happened before. But he was sitting here, on that sofa there.... He is frightfully stupid, Alyosha, frightfully stupid." "The devil! What? How did I know that Smerdyakov had hanged himself? And _he_ is myself, Alyosha. He said that about me. That's a riddle for you!' By degrees Ivan lost consciousness completely at last. Alyosha undressed him somehow and put him to bed.
The Fatal Day   At ten o'clock in the morning of the day following the events I have described, the trial of Dmitri Karamazov began in our district court. The great aim of his life was to be a man of advanced ideas. The President began with asking the court whether all the jury were present. There is no need to speak of the artisans and the peasants. His character was displayed, and it spoke for itself. He sat down again, visibly trembling all over. Then he ordered the case to proceed.
"It might have been a tumbler-full." Grigory remained silent. I may remark that Rakitin was one of the leading witnesses and one to whom the prosecutor attached great significance. "It was a joke.... Fetyukovitch went on making the most of every opportunity, and amazed people more and more by his minute knowledge of the case.
The Medical Experts And A Pound Of Nuts   The evidence of the medical experts, too, was of little use to the prisoner. He was much esteemed and respected by every one in the town. He had been living amongst us for many years and behaved with wonderful dignity. "Bravo, doctor!" And yet he was a grateful and sensitive boy. You put them in the mouth and crack."
Fortune Smiles On Mitya   It came quite as a surprise even to Alyosha himself. Perhaps he had simply struck himself with his fist on the breast?" So Alyosha's cross-examination ended. Alyosha was glad. I will only give the substance of her evidence. He felt quite certain that he would receive the money from his father, and spoke to me several times about it. It may be pretty certainly assumed that she herself did not know till the very last minute whether she would speak of that episode in the court, and waited for the inspiration of the moment. She began telling her story. Grushenka was called.
Chapter V. A Sudden Catastrophe   I may note that he had been called before Alyosha. he began, looking everywhere for the usher. He answered, as it were, reluctantly, with extreme brevity, with a sort of disgust which grew more and more marked, though he answered rationally. To many questions he answered that he did not know. Threats to murder his father he had heard from the prisoner. Of the money in the envelope he had heard from Smerdyakov. The usher at once approached him. Alyosha jumped up and cried, "He is ill. Don't believe him: he has brain fever." Katerina Ivanovna rose impulsively from her seat and, rigid with horror, gazed at Ivan. "Who is your witness?" That's because his heart is light! The whole court was thrown into confusion. He wrote to me how he would kill his father! she kept crying out, beside herself. For he knew I shouldn't want to revenge myself and ruin him! I saw that.... And last night he learnt that Smerdyakov was dead! There, she has shown you what she is!" The doctor announced to the court that the sick man was suffering from a dangerous attack of brain fever, and that he must be at once removed. The letter produced by Katerina Ivanovna was added to the material proofs.
The Prosecutor's Speech. "Gentlemen of the jury," began the prosecutor, "this case has made a stir throughout Russia.
That was the beginning of the passion. A man who premeditates such a crime is silent and keeps it to himself. Why that?
A Treatise On Smerdyakov   "To begin with, what was the source of this suspicion?" Remember the phrase in Dmitri Karamazov's drunken letter, 'I shall kill the old man, if only Ivan goes away.' Is that clear? Did his conscience lead him to suicide and not to avowing his guilt?
The Galloping Troika. The End Of The Prosecutor's Speech. 'To her, to her! "The effect of it was amazing. He pointed to the tragic and glaring consistency of the facts. Do not heap up their growing hatred by a sentence justifying the murder of a father by his son!"
The Speech For The Defense. What I have in my mind is this: there is an overwhelming chain of evidence against the prisoner, and at the same time not one fact that will stand criticism, if it is examined separately.
There Was No Money. There Was No Robbery   There was one point that struck every one in Fetyukovitch's speech. Why is it out of the question? And yet it is a question of life and death. So be it. Isn't that, too, a romance?"
And what if there is no _must_ about it, even if he was there? he would not have forgotten where his pistols lay! To kill the old man, take the three thousand, and throw all the blame on to his young master.
A Corrupter Of Thought   "It's not only the accumulation of facts that threatens my client with ruin, gentlemen of the jury," he began, "what is really damning for my client is one fact--the dead body of his father. Did any one train him to be reasonable?
And what proof have we that he had taken out the money? Mitya stood up, but said very little. The end has come to an erring man! The jury withdrew and the court adjourned. Our cause is won. "He is a man with brains." Think of that!" He will be drinking for ten days!" But the bell rang. Mitya was taken away.
Plans For Mitya's Escape   Very early, at nine o'clock in the morning, five days after the trial, Alyosha went to Katerina Ivanovna's to talk over a matter of great importance to both of them, and to give her a message. She had a presentiment of the reason why Alyosha had come to her. I paved the way to that hideous scene at the trial. But that man in prison is incapable of suffering," Katya concluded irritably. For the sake of his infinite sufferings in the future visit him now. It will only be a moment. Alyosha got up to go.
For A Moment The Lie Becomes Truth   He hurried to the hospital where Mitya was lying now. The visits of relations and friends were informally sanctioned by the doctor and overseer, and even by the police captain. He looked sometimes with a face of suffering at his brother. He seemed to be more at ease with Grushenka than with Alyosha. He will recover." "That means that she is convinced he will die. "Yes, he will get well. But she is convinced that he will die. I am not able to resign myself. And as soon as we've learnt it--good-by to America! "Yes," said Alyosha, not wanting to contradict him. She understands. I've never believed it. Grushenka walked suddenly and noiselessly into the room. "Don't be anxious, I'll save him for you!" "And you could refuse to forgive her when she begged your forgiveness herself?" "Mitya, don't dare to blame her; you have no right to!" "Alyosha, run after her!" Let us leave that," she snapped.
Ilusha's Funeral. The Speech At The Stone   He really was late. Kolya Krassotkin was the foremost of them. "Of course ... Ilusha told me to. The boys and Alyosha kept up with him. I say that again. "Well, now we will finish talking and go to his funeral dinner. laughed Alyosha.
The dim roar of London was like the bourdon note of a distant organ. As the painter looked at the gracious and comely form he had so skilfully mirrored in his art, a smile of pleasure passed across his face, and seemed about to linger there. The Grosvenor is really the only place." As soon as you have one, you seem to want to throw it away. I have put too much of myself into it." Lord Henry stretched himself out on the divan and laughed. The ugly and the stupid have the best of it in this world. Is that his name?" asked Lord Henry, walking across the studio towards Basil Hallward. "Yes, that is his name. It is like surrendering a part of them. "Harry," said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, "every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter. The sitter is merely the accident, the occasion. "And what is that?" he asked. "And how did Lady Brandon describe this wonderful young man?" "And much less than a friend. asked Lord Henry. We have lost the abstract sense of beauty. As a rule, he is charming to me, and we sit in the studio and talk of a thousand things. And the mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It will be a great pity, for it will alter you. She said that he was very earnest and had a beautiful nature. "Mr. Dorian Gray is in the studio, sir," said the butler, coming into the garden. The man bowed and went up the walk. Then he looked at Lord Henry. "He has a simple and a beautiful nature. Don't spoil him. Don't take away from me the one person who gives to my art whatever charm it possesses:  my life as an artist depends on him. Lord Henry looked at him. Lord Henry smiled and looked at Dorian Gray. Lord Henry took up his hat and gloves. Ask him to stay. And he had such a beautiful voice. As bad as Basil says?" The aim of life is self-development. And yet--"  "Just turn your head a little more to the right, Dorian, like a good boy," said the painter, deep in his work and conscious only that a look had come into the lad's face that he had never seen there before. It has been said that the great events of the world take place in the brain. He was dimly conscious that entirely fresh influences were at work within him. How clear, and vivid, and cruel! Mere words! With his subtle smile, Lord Henry watched him. You mustn't believe a word that he says." Perhaps that is the reason that I don't believe anything he has told me." It is my masterpiece as it stands." He came close to him and put his hand upon his shoulder. "You are quite right to do that," he murmured. "Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul." cried Dorian Gray, laughing, as he sat down on the seat at the end of the garden. "Because you have the most marvellous youth, and youth is the one thing worth having." "I don't feel that, Lord Henry." Will it always be so? It has its divine right of sovereignty. It makes princes of those who have it. To me, beauty is the wonder of wonders. There is absolutely nothing in the world but youth!" It is a meaningless word, too. Lord Henry came over and examined the picture. "It is the finest portrait of modern times. A look of joy came into his eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. The sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. "Of course he likes it," said Lord Henry. "Dorian's, of course," answered the painter. "He is a very lucky fellow." I shall grow old, and horrible, and dreadful. If it were only the other way! If it were I who was to be always young, and the picture that was to grow old! For that--for that--I would give everything! I would give my soul for that!" It was so unlike Dorian to speak like that. "Dorian! Dorian!" he cried, "don't talk like that. "It would be murder!" I am in love with it, Basil. "You know the picture is yours, Dorian. The one who is pouring out tea for us, or the one in the picture?" cried the original of the portrait, strolling across to him. "That is something." exclaimed Lord Henry. It has nothing to do with our own will. Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and cannot: that is all one can say." "Don't go to the theatre to-night, Dorian," said Hallward. "Stop and dine with me." "Because I have promised Lord Henry Wotton to go with him." Good-bye, Dorian. "And ... Good-bye, Basil.
The son, who had been his father's secretary, had resigned along with his chief, somewhat foolishly as was thought at the time, and on succeeding some months later to the title, had set himself to the serious study of the great aristocratic art of doing absolutely nothing. Who is he?" "That is what I have come to learn, Uncle George. He is the last Lord Kelso's grandson. His mother was a Devereux, Lady Margaret Devereux. The poor chap was killed in a duel at Spa a few months after the marriage. They said Kelso got some rascally adventurer, some Belgian brute, to insult his son-in-law in public--paid him, sir, to do it, paid him--and that the fellow spitted his man as if he had been a pigeon. What sort of boy is he? The Queen used to ask me about the English noble who was always quarrelling with the cabmen about their fares. And ... his mother was very beautiful?" "I'll back English women against the world, Harry," said Lord Fermor, striking the table with his fist. "The betting is on the Americans." Lord Henry shook his head. "It is. So that was the story of Dorian Gray's parentage. Crudely as it had been told to him, it had yet stirred him by its suggestion of a strange, almost modern romance. The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man. He was a marvellous type, too, this lad, whom by so curious a chance he had met in Basil's studio, or could be fashioned into a marvellous type, at any rate. ...  And Basil? He would make that wonderful spirit his own. Suddenly he stopped and glanced up at the houses. "Late as usual, Harry," cried his aunt, shaking her head at him. exclaimed Lady Agatha. inquired the duchess. cried Lord Henry. Well, the way of paradoxes is the way of truth. "I cannot sympathize with that. Lord Henry laughed. The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray, and the advantage of science is that it is not emotional." "To get back one's youth, one has merely to repeat one's follies." Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes." "All of you, Mr. Lord Henry laughed and rose. "I am going to the park," he cried. No one talks so wonderfully as you do."
 One afternoon, a month later, Dorian Gray was reclining in a luxurious arm-chair, in the little library of Lord Henry's house in Mayfair. It is only his wife. And I saw you with him the other night at the opera." If one hears bad music, it is one's duty to drown it in conversation." that is one of Harry's views, isn't it, Mr. Gray? I always hear Harry's views from his friends. It is the only way I get to know of them. "Never marry a woman with straw-coloured hair, Dorian," he said after a few puffs. "Because they are so sentimental." "Who are you in love with?" "Her name is Sibyl Vane." She is a genius." The other women are very charming. That is all over now. "Never mind that. That is the one use of the idle classes of a country. Night after night I go to see her play. One evening she is Rosalind, and the next evening she is Imogen. She has been mad, and has come into the presence of a guilty king, and given him rue to wear and bitter herbs to taste of. But an actress! "Of course I know her. He wanted me to try some cigars that he strongly recommended. "The third night. "Sibyl? I must call you Prince Charming.'" She regarded me merely as a person in a play. She knows nothing of life. "Sibyl is the only thing I care about. said Lord Henry at last. "I want you and Basil to come with me some night and see her act. She plays Juliet to-morrow." The Bristol at eight o'clock; and I will get Basil." It is rather horrid of me, as he has sent me my portrait in the most wonderful frame, specially designed by himself, and, though I am a little jealous of the picture for being a whole month younger than I am, I must admit that I delight in it. Perhaps you had better write to him. The consequence is that he has nothing left for life but his prejudices, his principles, and his common sense. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. When he arrived home, about half-past twelve o'clock, he saw a telegram lying on the hall table. He opened it and found it was from Dorian Gray. It was to tell him that he was engaged to be married to Sibyl Vane.
Mrs. Vane winced and put her thin, bismuth-whitened hands on her daughter's head. Mr. Isaacs has been very good to us, and we owe him money." Fifty pounds is a very large sum. "He is not a gentleman, Mother, and I hate the way he talks to me," said the girl, rising to her feet and going over to the window. Sibyl Vane tossed her head and laughed. Her prince, Prince Charming, was with her. You don't even know his name. However, as I said before, if he is rich ..."  "Ah! She mentally elevated her son to the dignity of an audience. James Vane looked into his sister's face with tenderness. It would have increased the theatrical picturesqueness of the situation. I trust you will return from Australia in a position of affluence. "I don't want to know anything about that. I should like to make some money to take you and Sibyl off the stage. "Only swell people go to the park." Mother, you must watch over her." Is that right? What about that?" As for Sibyl, I do not know at present whether her attachment is serious or not. But there is no doubt that the young man in question is a perfect gentleman. James Vane bit his lip. Sibyl is always under my special care. It might be a most brilliant marriage for Sibyl. "Come, Sibyl," said her brother impatiently. He was to be a nice sheep-farmer, and one evening, as he was riding home, he was to see the beautiful heiress being carried off by a robber on a black horse, and give chase, and rescue her. His mother! "He is called Prince Charming. And it is all his, his only, Prince Charming, my wonderful lover, my god of graces. She made her brother talk of himself, his hopes, his prospects. Sibyl felt oppressed. She started to her feet. "There he is!" "I wish I had, for as sure as there is a God in heaven, if he ever does you any wrong, I shall kill him." "I shall love him for ever!" "And he?" His mother was waiting for him below. Leaden with fear, his mother watched him. Don't forget that you will have only one child now to look after, and believe me that if this man wrongs my sister, I will find out who he is, track him down, and kill him like a dog. She breathed more freely, and for the first time for many months she really admired her son. The moment was lost in vulgar details. Of the threat she said nothing.
"No, Harry," answered the artist, giving his hat and coat to the bowing waiter. "Dorian engaged to be married!" "I can't believe it. Dorian is far too sensible." "Dorian is far too wise not to do foolish things now and then, my dear Basil." "Dorian says she is beautiful, and he is not often wrong about things of that kind. But here is Dorian himself. But Sibyl! After the performance was over, I went behind and spoke to her. Lord Radley is sure to be furious. I have been right, Basil, haven't I, to take my love out of poetry and to find my wife in Shakespeare's plays? He is not like other men. He would never bring misery upon any one. His nature is too fine for that." It belongs to Nature, not to me. cried Basil Hallward. Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them." "This is," interrupted Dorian. That is the worry. He felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been in the past. When the cab drew up at the theatre, it seemed to him that he had grown years older. Lord Henry, upon the other hand, rather liked him. She spiritualizes them, and one feels that they are of the same flesh and blood as one's self." But here is the orchestra. The voice was exquisite, but from the point of view of tone it was absolutely false. He was puzzled and anxious. Yet they felt that the true test of any Juliet is the balcony scene of the second act. They waited for that. Even the common uneducated audience of the pit and gallery lost their interest in the play. "I am going to see the play through," answered the lad, in a hard bitter voice. "But she seems to me to be simply callous and cold. She has entirely altered. Love is a more wonderful thing than art." "They are both simply forms of imitation," remarked Lord Henry. It is not good for one's morals to see bad acting. The secret of remaining young is never to have an emotion that is unbecoming. Come to the club with Basil and myself. We will smoke cigarettes and drink to the beauty of Sibyl Vane. She is beautiful. Dorian Gray went back to his seat. The play dragged on, and seemed interminable. When he entered, she looked at him, and an expression of infinite joy came over her. "Dorian, Dorian," she cried, "before I knew you, acting was the one reality of my life. You came--oh, my beautiful love!--and you freed my soul from prison. You taught me what reality really is. My love! Even if I could do it, it would be profanation for me to play at being in love. She clenched her hands together, and her voice seemed to catch in her throat. she murmured. "Acting! A low moan broke from her, and she flung herself at his feet and lay there like a trampled flower. Sibyl Vane seemed to him to be absurdly melodramatic. He turned on his heel and left the room. Where he went to he hardly knew. The expression looked different. One would have said that there was a touch of cruelty in the mouth. He rubbed his eyes, and came close to the picture, and examined it again. And, yet, there was the picture before him, with the touch of cruelty in the mouth. Cruelty! Then she had disappointed him. Besides, women were better suited to bear sorrow than men. When they took lovers, it was merely to have some one with whom they could have scenes. Lord Henry had told him that, and Lord Henry knew what women were. What was he to say of that? It held the secret of his life, and told his story. The picture, changed or unchanged, would be to him the visible emblem of conscience. He would go back to Sibyl Vane, make her amends, marry her, try to love her again. His life with her would be beautiful and pure.
"What o'clock is it, Victor?" One of them was from Lord Henry, and had been brought by hand that morning. The cool water refreshed him after his long sleep. Suddenly his eye fell on the screen that he had placed in front of the portrait, and he started. Had the portrait really changed? It would make him smile. He almost dreaded his valet leaving the room. Dorian looked at him for a moment. The man bowed and retired. It was perfectly true. The portrait had altered. He did not know what to do, or what to think. Finally, he went over to the table and wrote a passionate letter to the girl he had loved, imploring her forgiveness and accusing himself of madness. He covered page after page with wild words of sorrow and wilder words of pain. There is a luxury in self-reproach. When Dorian had finished the letter, he felt that he had been forgiven. "Do you mean about Sibyl Vane?" "I was brutal, Harry--perfectly brutal. It has taught me to know myself better." I want to be good. But how are you going to begin?" "By marrying Sibyl Vane." Dorian! "Your letter? "It is quite true, Dorian," said Lord Henry, gravely. There will have to be an inquest, of course, and you must not be mixed up in it. Here, one should never make one's _debut_ with a scandal. I see by _The Standard_ that she was seventeen. "So I have murdered Sibyl Vane," said Dorian Gray, half to himself, "murdered her as surely as if I had cut her little throat with a knife. Yet the roses are not less lovely for all that. Sibyl! It seems to me to be simply like a wonderful ending to a wonderful play. I fancy that the true explanation is this:  It often happens that the real tragedies of life occur in such an inartistic manner that they hurt us by their crude violence, their absolute incoherence, their absurd want of meaning, their entire lack of style. Some one has killed herself for love of you. The one charm of the past is that it is the past. Besides, nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. In good society that always whitewashes a woman. The girl never really lived, and so she has never really died. But don't waste your tears over Sibyl Vane. She was less real than they are." It has been a marvellous experience. That is all. He waited impatiently for him to go. As soon as he had left, he rushed to the screen and drew it back. No; there was no further change in the picture. It had received the news of Sibyl Vane's death before he had known of it himself. Poor Sibyl! Then Death himself had touched her and taken her with him. He felt that the time had really come for making his choice. The portrait was to bear the burden of his shame: that was all. For a moment, he thought of praying that the horrible sympathy that existed between him and the picture might cease. An hour later he was at the opera, and Lord Henry was leaning over his chair.
But he is not on the stage. He is a sailor, or something. "You went to the opera?" cried Dorian, leaping to his feet. "Dorian, this is horrible! is there no doubt about that?" She passed again into the sphere of art. There is something of the martyr about her. And you are awfully unjust, Basil. That is charming of you. And besides, my dear old Basil, if you really want to console me, teach me rather to forget what has happened, or to see it from a proper artistic point of view. But I know that you are better than he is. The painter felt strangely moved. The inquest is to take place this afternoon. "They don't know my name," he answered. You must do me a drawing of Sibyl, Basil. "I can never sit to you again, Basil. It is impossible!" The painter stared at him. he cried. "Dorian!" "Don't speak!" "To exhibit it! Was the world going to be shown his secret? He felt that he was on the brink of a horrible danger. He was determined to find out Basil Hallward's mystery. "Basil!" Then it was that I resolved never to allow the picture to be exhibited. But I did not mind that. The colour came back to his cheeks, and a smile played about his lips. The peril was over. He was safe for the time. Lord Henry had the charm of being very dangerous. Dorian shook his head. "Never." And now good-bye, Dorian. That is not even a compliment." "You will sit to me again?" "You spoil my life as an artist by refusing, Dorian. Few come across one." How much that strange confession explained to him! Speaking very slowly, he told him to tell the house-keeper that he wanted to see her, and then to go to the frame-maker and ask him to send two of his men round at once. Leaf bustled into the library. He asked her for the key of the schoolroom. "The old schoolroom, Mr. Dorian?" That will do." He shuddered, and for a moment he regretted that he had not told Basil the true reason why he had wished to hide the picture away. He passed out as his servant entered. Which is the work of art, sir?" It appeared to Dorian to have but little changed. It might escape the hideousness of sin, but the hideousness of age was in store for it. "It would not interest you, Mr. Hubbard," he said, keeping his eye on the man. He felt ready to leap upon him and fling him to the ground if he dared to lift the gorgeous hanging that concealed the secret of his life. No eye but his would ever see his shame. A red pencil-mark on the fifth page caught his eye. He felt a little annoyed with Lord Henry for having sent him the report. His eye fell on the yellow book that Lord Henry had sent him. It was the strangest book that he had ever read. It was a novel without a plot and with only one character, being, indeed, simply a psychological study of a certain young Parisian who spent his life trying to realize in the nineteenth century all the passions and modes of thought that belonged to every century except his own, and to sum up, as it were, in himself the various moods through which the world-spirit had ever passed, loving for their mere artificiality those renunciations that men have unwisely called virtue, as much as those natural rebellions that wise men still call sin. There were in it metaphors as monstrous as orchids and as subtle in colour. murmured Lord Henry.
 For years, Dorian Gray could not free himself from the influence of this book. He procured from Paris no less than nine large-paper copies of the first edition, and had them bound in different colours, so that they might suit his various moods and the changing fancies of a nature over which he seemed, at times, to have almost entirely lost control. And, indeed, the whole book seemed to him to contain the story of his own life, written before he had lived it. There was something in the purity of his face that rebuked them. He grew more and more enamoured of his own beauty, more and more interested in the corruption of his own soul. He would examine with minute care, and sometimes with a monstrous and terrible delight, the hideous lines that seared the wrinkling forehead or crawled around the heavy sensual mouth, wondering sometimes which were the more horrible, the signs of sin or the signs of age. That curiosity about life which Lord Henry had first stirred in him, as they sat together in the garden of their friend, seemed to increase with gratification. And, certainly, to him life itself was the first, the greatest, of the arts, and for it all the other arts seemed to be but a preparation. Nothing seems to us changed. Yet, as has been said of him before, no theory of life seemed to him to be of any importance compared with life itself. He felt keenly conscious of how barren all intellectual speculation is when separated from action and experiment. Yet, after some time, he wearied of them, and would sit in his box at the opera, either alone or with Lord Henry, listening in rapt pleasure to "Tannhauser" and seeing in the prelude to that great work of art a presentation of the tragedy of his own soul. This taste enthralled him for years, and, indeed, may be said never to have left him. What was it to him how vile and full of shame it looked? For the canons of good society are, or should be, the same as the canons of art. Beside him hung the portrait of his wife, a pallid, thin-lipped woman in black. He had got from her his beauty, and his passion for the beauty of others.
Dorian recognized him. It was Basil Hallward. Dorian heard him first stopping on the pavement and then hurrying after him. "Dorian! I have something to say to you." Dorian looked at him and smiled. A Gladstone bag and an ulster! Hallward shook his head, as he entered, and followed Dorian into the library. Dorian shrugged his shoulders. Don't frown like that. he murmured. I think it right that you should know that the most dreadful things are being said against you in London." Every gentleman is interested in his good name. But position and wealth are not everything. At least, I can't believe them when I see you. Sin is a thing that writes itself across a man's face. It cannot be concealed. His life is dreadful. The middle classes air their moral prejudices over their gross dinner-tables, and whisper about what they call the profligacies of their betters in order to try and pretend that they are in smart society and on intimate terms with the people they slander. In this country, it is enough for a man to have distinction and brains for every common tongue to wag against him. "Dorian," cried Hallward, "that is not the question. One has a right to judge of a man by the effect he has over his friends. "Take care, Basil. Can they be true? Dorian, you don't know what is said about you. I want you to get rid of the dreadful people you associate with. Know you? Before I could answer that, I should have to see your soul." "To see my soul!" But only God can do that." "You shall see it yourself, to-night!" He felt a terrible joy at the thought that some one else was to share his secret, and that the man who had painted the portrait that was the origin of all his shame was to be burdened for the rest of his life with the hideous memory of what he had done. "This is blasphemy, Dorian!" That makes no matter. An exclamation of horror broke from the painter's lips as he saw in the dim light the hideous face on the canvas grinning at him. He seemed to recognize his own brushwork, and the frame was his own design. He seized the lighted candle, and held it to the picture. His own picture! He had taken the flower out of his coat, and was smelling it, or pretending to do so. No! said Dorian bitterly. what a thing I must have worshipped! It has the eyes of a devil." If it is true," he exclaimed, "and this is what you have done with your life, why, you must be worse even than those who talk against you fancy you to be!" "It is too late, Basil," he faltered. Don't say that. Dorian Gray glanced at the picture, and suddenly an uncontrollable feeling of hatred for Basil Hallward came over him, as though it had been suggested to him by the image on the canvas, whispered into his ear by those grinning lips. Hallward stirred in his chair as if he was going to rise. He rushed at him and dug the knife into the great vein that is behind the ear, crushing the man's head down on the table and stabbing again and again. The friend who had painted the fatal portrait to which all his misery had been due had gone out of his life. He stopped several times and waited. They must be hidden away somewhere. It was to Paris that Basil had gone, and by the midnight train, as he had intended. "No, sir, except that he would write to you from Paris, if he did not find you at the club." "Alan Campbell, 152, Hertford Street, Mayfair."
Yet he had not dreamed at all. Gradually the events of the preceding night crept with silent, blood-stained feet into his brain and reconstructed themselves there with terrible distinctness. After he had drunk his cup of black coffee, he wiped his lips slowly with a napkin, motioned to his servant to wait, and going over to the table, sat down and wrote two letters. He frowned, and getting up, went over to the book-case and took out a volume at hazard. It had been given to him by Adrian Singleton. The whole of Venice was in those two lines. What a horrible way for a man to die! But after a time the book fell from his hand. He was an extremely clever young man, though he had no real appreciation of the visible arts, and whatever little sense of the beauty of poetry he possessed he had gained entirely from Dorian. For eighteen months their intimacy lasted. This was the man Dorian Gray was waiting for. His hands were curiously cold. Then, suddenly, time stopped for him. "Ask him to come in at once, Francis." "Alan! This is kind of you. There was a look of contempt in the steady searching gaze that he turned on Dorian. Campbell took a chair by the table, and Dorian sat opposite to him. The two men's eyes met. "It was suicide, Alan." But who drove him to it? "Alan, it was murder. Only listen, Alan. All I ask of you is to perform a certain scientific experiment. It has nothing to do with me." don't think of that. Alan! Alan! It is insane of you to ask me." I have a letter written already. You know what the result will be. But you are going to help me. The thing has to be done. He felt as if an iron ring was being slowly tightened round his forehead, as if the disgrace with which he was threatened had already come upon him. "Is there a fire in the room upstairs?" Dorian looked at Campbell. You can have the evening to yourself. Dorian half opened the door. As he did so, he saw the face of his portrait leering in the sunlight. He remembered that the night before he had forgotten, for the first time in his life, to hide the fatal canvas, and was about to rush forward, when he drew back with a shudder. What was that loathsome red dew that gleamed, wet and glistening, on one of the hands, as though the canvas had sweated blood? He heard Campbell bringing in the heavy chest, and the irons, and the other things that he had required for his dreadful work. Let us never see each other again."
"I believe he is in love," cried Lady Narborough, "and that he is afraid to tell me for fear I should be jealous. He is quite right. "It is a most romantic explanation," laughed the hostess. And what is Ferrol like? "I hope so," said his hostess, laughing. "Of course it is true, Lord Henry. asked Dorian. "Moderation is a fatal thing. He guffawed at his adversaries. he asked. That is all." "You were charming last night. He may have to go to Monte Carlo with his father." Dorian glanced at him hurriedly and frowned. "No, I don't mean that. Something has happened to you, Dorian. I am irritable, and out of temper. I must go home." "All right, Dorian. Things that were dangerous had to be destroyed. He hated the idea of even touching them. He realized that, and when he had locked the door of his library, he opened the secret press into which he had thrust Basil Hallward's coat and bag. The smell of the singeing clothes and burning leather was horrible. A mad craving came over him. It was a small Chinese box of black and gold-dust lacquer, elaborately wrought, the sides patterned with curved waves, and the silken cords hung with round crystals and tasselled in plaited metal threads. Lying back in the hansom, with his hat pulled over his forehead, Dorian Gray watched with listless eyes the sordid shame of the great city, and now and then he repeated to himself the words that Lord Henry had said to him on the first day they had met, "To cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul." His soul, certainly, was sick to death. His throat burned and his delicate hands twitched nervously together. In about seven or eight minutes he reached a small shabby house that was wedged in between two gaunt factories. "He thinks he's got red ants on him," laughed one of them, as Dorian passed by. The presence of Adrian Singleton troubled him. "That mad-cat is sure to be there. Adrian Singleton rose up wearily and followed Dorian to the bar. The women sidled up and began to chatter. Dorian walked to the door with a look of pain in his face. "Prince Charming is what you like to be called, ain't it?" The drowsy sailor leaped to his feet as she spoke, and looked wildly round. He rushed out as if in pursuit. he gasped. "You wrecked the life of Sibyl Vane," was the answer, "and Sibyl Vane was my sister. "I never heard of her. Dorian's arms fell to his side. "How long ago is it since your sister died? Set me under the lamp and look at my face!" Then he seized Dorian Gray and dragged him from the archway. He loosened his hold and reeled back. It was one of the women who had been drinking at the bar. "Why, man, it's nigh on eighteen years since Prince Charming made me what I am." He is the worst one that comes here. He broke from her with an oath and rushed to the corner of the street, but Dorian Gray had disappeared.
"I hope Dorian has told you about my plan for rechristening everything, Gladys. It is a delightful idea." Names are everything. cried the duchess. "Ugliness is one of the seven deadly virtues, Gladys. "We have carried their burden." "Love?" To be popular one must be a mediocrity." cried Lord Henry. "Even when one has been wounded by it, Harry?" asked the duchess after a pause. Dorian hesitated for a moment. The duchess sighed. "Courage has passed from men to women. And with fear in his eyes, Lord Henry rushed through the flapping palms to find Dorian Gray lying face downwards on the tiled floor in a deathlike swoon. After a short time, he came to himself and looked round with a dazed expression. "My dear Dorian," answered Lord Henry, "you merely fainted. That was all. There was a wild recklessness of gaiety in his manner as he sat at table, but now and then a thrill of terror ran through him when he remembered that, pressed against the window of the conservatory, like a white handkerchief, he had seen the face of James Vane watching him. The next day he did not leave the house, and, indeed, spent most of the time in his own room, sick with a wild terror of dying, and yet indifferent to life itself. Besides, he had convinced himself that he had been the victim of a terror-stricken imagination, and looked back now on his fears with something of pity and not a little of contempt. At the corner of the pine-wood he caught sight of Sir Geoffrey Clouston, the duchess's brother, jerking two spent cartridges out of his gun. There were two cries heard, the cry of a hare in pain, which is dreadful, the cry of a man in agony, which is worse. I have hit a beater!" exclaimed Sir Geoffrey. "A man is hurt." Spoiled my shooting for the day." Is the man ...?" He must have died almost instantaneously. It is rather awkward for Geoffrey, of course. The elder man laughed. I must tell them that the subject is to be tabooed. She is too wise or too cruel for that. Dorian put the letter into his pocket. laughed Lord Henry. "Poor Geoffrey is terribly upset. And it seems that you asked him not to shoot the hare. "It is an annoying subject," broke in Lord Henry. Now if Geoffrey had done the thing on purpose, how interesting he would be! I should like to know some one who had committed a real murder." Dorian drew himself up with an effort and smiled. That is all. I think I must go and lie down. They had reached the great flight of steps that led from the conservatory on to the terrace. "What is that?" "Monmouth has ears." "What are you looking for?" The grass of the forest had been spotted with blood. Had he any people dependent on him?" "If so, I should not like them to be left in want, and will send them any sum of money you may think necessary." Dorian started to his feet. "Where is the body?" "The Home Farm! No. Something seemed to tell him that the body was there, and he hurried to the door and put his hand upon the latch. "Take that thing off the face. The man who had been shot in the thicket was James Vane. As he rode home, his eyes were full of tears, for he knew he was safe.
Dorian Gray shook his head. "No, Harry, I have done too many dreadful things in my life. I began my good actions yesterday." "You have not yet told me what your good action was. She was quite beautiful and wonderfully like Sibyl Vane. She was simply a girl in a village. But I really loved her. Suddenly I determined to leave her as flowerlike as I had found her." "And weep over a faithless Florizel," said Lord Henry, laughing, as he leaned back in his chair. Besides, how do you know that Hetty isn't floating at the present moment in some starlit mill-pond, with lovely water-lilies round her, like Ophelia?" What is going on in town? Scotland Yard still insists that the man in the grey ulster who left for Paris by the midnight train on the ninth of November was poor Basil, and the French police declare that Basil never arrived in Paris at all. It must be a delightful city, and possess all the attractions of the next world." If he is dead, I don't want to think about him. You must play Chopin to me. The man with whom my wife ran away played Chopin exquisitely. He only interested me once, and that was when he told me, years ago, that he had a wild adoration for you and that you were the dominant motive of his art." "What would you say, Harry, if I told you that I had murdered Basil?" "I would say, my dear fellow, that you were posing for a character that doesn't suit you. Crime belongs exclusively to the lower orders. I wish I could believe that he had come to such a really romantic end as you suggest, but I can't. By the way, what has become of that wonderful portrait he did of you? "'Like the painting of a sorrow,'" he repeated, "'a face without a heart.'" "By the way, Dorian," he said after a pause, "'what does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose--how does the quotation run?--his own soul'?" That is all. I thought of telling the prophet that art had a soul, but that man had not. The soul is a terrible reality. It can be poisoned, or made perfect. There is a soul in each one of us. then it must be an illusion. The things one feels absolutely certain about are never true. That is the fatality of faith, and the lesson of romance. It's absurd to talk of the ignorance of youth. It seems to me that you are the young Apollo and that I am Marsyas listening to you. Life has been your art. Dorian rose up from the piano and passed his hand through his hair. "You cannot change to me, Dorian," said Lord Henry. The park is quite lovely now.
He heard one of them whisper to the other, "That is Dorian Gray." She knew nothing, but she had everything that he had lost. It was of himself, and of his own future, that he had to think. James Vane was hidden in a nameless grave in Selby churchyard. The murder had been simply the madness of a moment. A new life! As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder if the portrait in the locked room had changed. He went in quietly, locking the door behind him, as was his custom, and dragged the purple hanging from the portrait. He could see no change, save that in the eyes there was a look of cunning and in the mouth the curved wrinkle of the hypocrite. Or the desire for a new sensation, as Lord Henry had hinted, with his mocking laugh? He was thinking of Hetty Merton. For it was an unjust mirror, this mirror of his soul that he was looking at. Vanity? It had been like conscience to him. He would destroy it. He looked round and saw the knife that had stabbed Basil Hallward. He seized the thing, and stabbed the picture with it. "Whose house is that, Constable?" asked the elder of the two gentlemen. "Mr. Dorian Gray's, sir," answered the policeman. Finally, after vainly trying to force the door, they got on the roof and dropped down on to the balcony. Lying on the floor was a dead man, in evening dress, with a knife in his heart. He was withered, wrinkled, and loathsome of visage.
But he suddenly started up, and closing his eyes, placed his fingers upon the lids, as though he sought to imprison within his brain some curious dream from which he feared he might awake. "It is your best work, Basil, the best thing you have ever done," said Lord Henry languidly. I have put too much of myself into it." Lord Henry stretched himself out on the divan and laughed. How perfectly hideous they are! I feel quite sure of that. Don't flatter yourself, Basil:  you are not in the least like him." "Dorian Gray? asked Lord Henry, walking across the studio towards Basil Hallward. "Yes, that is his name. "Not at all," answered Lord Henry, "not at all, my dear Basil. You seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties. After a pause, Lord Henry pulled out his watch. I want you to explain to me why you won't exhibit Dorian Gray's picture. "I told you the real reason." "Harry," said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, "every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter. The sitter is merely the accident, the occasion. The reason I will not exhibit this picture is that I am afraid that I have shown in it the secret of my own soul." Lord Henry laughed. "And what is that?" Perhaps you will hardly believe it." "Two months ago I went to a crush at Lady Brandon's. Something seemed to tell me that I was on the verge of a terrible crisis in my life. "Conscience and cowardice are really the same things, Basil. That is all." Suddenly I found myself face to face with the young man whose personality had so strangely stirred me. "And how did Lady Brandon describe this wonderful young man?" I like to find out people for myself. "Poor Lady Brandon! "Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one," said the young lord, plucking another daisy. "You don't understand what friendship is, Harry," he murmured--"or what enmity is, for that matter. I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects. "And much less than a friend. But he is much more to me than a model or a sitter. I forget; but it is what Dorian Gray has been to me. "Then why won't you exhibit his portrait?" asked Lord Henry. He knows nothing about it. Some day I will show the world what it is; and for that reason the world shall never see my portrait of Dorian Gray." It is a sad thing to think of, but there is no doubt that genius lasts longer than beauty. As he thought of his aunt, an idea seemed to strike him. "Where I heard the name of Dorian Gray." She told me she had discovered a wonderful young man who was going to help her in the East End, and that his name was Dorian Gray. "You don't want me to meet him?" "Mr. Dorian Gray is in the studio, sir," said the butler, coming into the garden. "Ask Mr. Gray to wait, Parker:  I shall be in in a few moments." Then he looked at Lord Henry. "Dorian Gray is my dearest friend," he said. "He has a simple and a beautiful nature. Don't spoil him. Don't try to influence him. He spoke very slowly, and the words seemed wrung out of him almost against his will.
 As they entered they saw Dorian Gray. When he caught sight of Lord Henry, a faint blush coloured his cheeks for a moment, and he started up. When Aunt Agatha sits down to the piano, she makes quite enough noise for two people." Lord Henry looked at him. And Lord Henry flung himself down on the divan and opened his cigarette-case. I see that Basil is in one of his sulky moods, and I can't bear him when he sulks. "If Dorian wishes it, of course you must stay. Lord Henry took up his hat and gloves. Ask him to stay. "But what about my man at the Orleans?" And now, Dorian, get up on the platform, and don't move about too much, or pay any attention to what Lord Henry says. He has a very bad influence over all his friends, with the single exception of myself." "Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. "And yet," continued Lord Henry, in his low, musical voice, and with that graceful wave of the hand that was always so characteristic of him, and that he had even in his Eton days, "I believe that if one man were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream--I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that we would forget all the maladies of mediaevalism, and return to the Hellenic ideal--to something finer, richer than the Hellenic ideal, it may be. The body sins once, and has done with its sin, for action is a mode of purification. The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. It was not a new world, but rather another chaos, that it created in us. Words! It seemed to him that he had been walking in fire. He was unconscious of the silence. You mustn't believe a word that he says." "I will go out to the garden with you. It is horribly hot in the studio. "Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul." "Let us go and sit in the shade," said Lord Henry. "Because you have the most marvellous youth, and youth is the one thing worth having." And beauty is a form of genius--is higher, indeed, than genius, as it needs no explanation. Live the wonderful life that is in you! Suddenly the painter appeared at the door of the studio and made staccato signs for them to come in. They rose up and sauntered down the walk together. They spoil every romance by trying to make it last for ever. A look of joy came into his eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. He stood there motionless and in wonder, dimly conscious that Hallward was speaking to him, but not catching the meaning of his words. The sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. I will give you anything you like to ask for it. "He is a very lucky fellow." murmured Dorian Gray with his eyes still fixed upon his own portrait. I shall grow old, and horrible, and dreadful. If it were only the other way! Yes, there is nothing in the whole world I would not give! I would give my soul for that!" "It would be rather hard lines on your work." You like your art better than your friends. Dorian!" The hot tears welled into his eyes; he tore his hand away and, flinging himself on the divan, he buried his face in the cushions, as though he was praying. What is it but canvas and colour? Dorian Gray lifted his golden head from the pillow, and with pallid face and tear-stained eyes, looked at him as he walked over to the deal painting-table that was set beneath the high curtained window. And he walked across the room and rang the bell for tea. "Let us go to the theatre to-night," said Lord Henry. Sin is the only real colour-element left in modern life." "Before which Dorian? "I should like to come to the theatre with you, Lord Henry," said the lad. The painter bit his lip and walked over, cup in hand, to the picture. "I shall stay with the real Dorian," he said, sadly. "How wonderful, Basil!" "Don't go to the theatre to-night, Dorian," said Hallward. Dorian Gray laughed and shook his head. "And ...
When Lord Henry entered the room, he found his uncle sitting in a rough shooting-coat, smoking a cheroot and grumbling over _The Times_. "Well, sit down and tell me all about it. "That is what I have come to learn, Uncle George. He is the last Lord Kelso's grandson. His mother was a Devereux, Lady Margaret Devereux. "Kelso's grandson! ... Of course.... The poor chap was killed in a duel at Spa a few months after the marriage. If he is like his mother, he must be a good-looking chap." And ... his mother was very beautiful?" She was romantic, though. "It is rather fashionable to marry Americans just now, Uncle George." "I'll back English women against the world, Harry," said Lord Fermor, striking the table with his fist. "Who are her people?" Lord Henry shook his head. Most American women do. "Good-bye, Uncle George. "At Aunt Agatha's. Why, the good woman thinks that I have nothing to do but to write cheques for her silly fads." So that was the story of Dorian Gray's parentage. The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man. ...  And Basil? He found that he had passed his aunt's some distance, and, smiling to himself, turned back. When he entered the somewhat sombre hall, the butler told him that they had gone in to lunch. exclaimed Lady Agatha. The duchess looked puzzled. inquired the duchess. "They go to America," murmured Lord Henry. Sir Thomas frowned. asked Mr. Erskine plaintively. There is something unfair about its use. Well, the way of paradoxes is the way of truth. When the verities become acrobats, we can judge them." "I cannot sympathize with that. Lord Henry laughed. Lord Henry looked over at Mr. Erskine. He charmed his listeners out of themselves, and they followed his pipe, laughing. "How annoying!" that is very nice, and very wrong of you," she cried; "so mind you come"; and she swept out of the room, followed by Lady Agatha and the other ladies. Erskine?" Lord Henry laughed and rose. "I am going to the park," he cried. As he was passing out of the door, Dorian Gray touched him on the arm. I have talked quite enough for to-day," said Lord Henry, smiling. "All I want now is to look at life.
 One afternoon, a month later, Dorian Gray was reclining in a luxurious arm-chair, in the little library of Lord Henry's house in Mayfair. Lord Henry had not yet come in. It is only his wife. "Not seventeen, Lady Henry?" That is a great advantage, don't you think so, Mr. We have quite the same ideas. But he has been most pleasant. "So sorry I am late, Dorian. "Never marry at all, Dorian. I am too much in love. asked Lord Henry after a pause. "With an actress," said Dorian Gray, blushing. Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "That is a rather commonplace _debut_." "Her name is Sibyl Vane." "My dear boy, no woman is a genius. The other women are very charming. That is all over now. "About three weeks." There was an exquisite poison in the air. He was such a monster. But you should not say the greatest romance of your life. You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning." Faithfulness is to the emotional life what consistency is to the life of the intellect--simply a confession of failure. The passion for property is in it. Go on with your story." It was Romeo and Juliet. At any rate, I determined to wait for the first act. But Juliet! One evening she is Rosalind, and the next evening she is Imogen. They are limited to their century. How different an actress is! why didn't you tell me that the only thing worth loving is an actress?" Dorian Gray leaped to his feet, with flushed cheeks and burning eyes. That is what the world calls a romance. On the first night I was at the theatre, the horrid old Jew came round to the box after the performance was over and offered to take me behind the scenes and introduce me to her. "By this time, however, the lights were being put out in the theatre, and I had to go. The next night, of course, I arrived at the place again. He seemed to think it a distinction." She had been playing Rosalind. "Sibyl? She regarded me merely as a person in a play. What is it to me where she came from? Every night of my life I go to see her act, and every night she is more marvellous." "Well, I can't help going to see Sibyl play," he cried, "even if it is only for a single act. "Never." She is all the great heroines of the world in one. You, who know all the secrets of life, tell me how to charm Sibyl Vane to love me! How different he was now from the shy frightened boy he had met in Basil Hallward's studio! "I want you and Basil to come with me some night and see her act. Then we must get her out of the Jew's hands. When all that is settled, I shall take a West End theatre and bring her out properly. She plays Juliet to-morrow." Shall you see Basil between this and then? Or shall I write to him?" Lord Henry smiled. "Oh, Basil is the best of fellows, but he seems to me to be just a bit of a Philistine. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. Imogen is waiting for me. As he left the room, Lord Henry's heavy eyelids drooped, and he began to think. That was something. Sometimes this was the effect of art, and chiefly of the art of literature, which dealt immediately with the passions and the intellect. With his beautiful face, and his beautiful soul, he was a thing to wonder at. Soul and body, body and soul--how mysterious they were! He got up and looked out into the street. He thought of his friend's young fiery-coloured life and wondered how it was all going to end. When he arrived home, about half-past twelve o'clock, he saw a telegram lying on the hall table. It was to tell him that he was engaged to be married to Sibyl Vane.
 "Mother, Mother, I am so happy!" Mrs. Vane winced and put her thin, bismuth-whitened hands on her daughter's head. The girl looked up and pouted. Love is more than money." Sibyl Vane tossed her head and laughed. She was free in her prison of passion. Mother, did you love my father as I love Prince Charming?" Besides, what do you know of this young man? You don't even know his name. Mother, Mother, let me be happy!" Mrs. Vane glanced at her, and with one of those false theatrical gestures that so often become a mode of second nature to a stage-player, clasped her in her arms. Mrs. Vane fixed her eyes on him and intensified her smile. And she ran across the room and hugged him. "I want you to come out with me for a walk, Sibyl. I should like to make some money to take you and Sibyl off the stage. Let us go to the park." "Only swell people go to the park." "Mother, are my things ready?" She used to wonder if he suspected anything. "You are speaking about things you don't understand, James. But there is no doubt that the young man in question is a perfect gentleman. James Vane bit his lip. "Watch over Sibyl, Mother," he cried, "watch over her." Sibyl is always under my special care. He had just turned round to say something when the door opened and Sibyl ran in. "What is the matter?" cried Mrs. Vane, looking up to the ceiling in search of an imaginary gallery. "Come, Sibyl," said her brother impatiently. Sibyl, however, was quite unconscious of the effect she was producing. He was not to go to the gold-fields at all. He was to be a nice sheep-farmer, and one evening, as he was riding home, he was to see the beautiful heiress being carried off by a robber on a black horse, and give chase, and rescue her. He was heart-sick at leaving home. He was conscious also of the shallowness and vanity of his mother's nature, and in that saw infinite peril for Sibyl and Sibyl's happiness. His mother! Who is he? "Who is he? To play for his delight! And it is all his, his only, Prince Charming, my wonderful lover, my god of graces. "He wants to enslave you." "Sibyl, you are mad about him." She laughed and took his arm. Sibyl felt oppressed. He jumped up and seized her roughly by the arm. "He is gone," murmured Sibyl sadly. She doesn't understand how to look after you. to see him is perfect happiness. "And he?" "For ever, too!" He said that he would sooner part with her when their mother was not present. His mother was waiting for him below. Were you married to my father?" She shook her head. We loved each other very much. It is a gentleman, isn't it, who is in love with her, or says he is? Don't forget that you will have only one child now to look after, and believe me that if this man wrongs my sister, I will find out who he is, track him down, and kill him like a dog. It was with a renewed feeling of disappointment that she waved the tattered lace handkerchief from the window, as her son drove away.
"No, Harry," answered the artist, giving his hat and coat to the bowing waiter. They don't interest me. "But think of Dorian's birth, and position, and wealth. "Quite serious, Basil. "You can't approve of it, possibly. Dorian Gray falls in love with a beautiful girl who acts Juliet, and proposes to marry her. They lack individuality. As for marriage, of course that would be silly, but there are other and more interesting bonds between men and women. But here is Dorian himself. said the lad, throwing off his evening cape with its satin-lined wings and shaking each of his friends by the hand in turn. But Sibyl! You should have seen her! After the performance was over, I went behind and spoke to her. Lord Henry sipped his champagne in a meditative manner. His nature is too fine for that." "Dorian is never annoyed with me," he answered. Dorian Gray laughed, and tossed his head. I love Sibyl Vane. You mock at it for that. I am changed, and the mere touch of Sibyl Vane's hand makes me forget you and all your wrong, fascinating, poisonous, delightful theories." "Oh, your theories about life, your theories about love, your theories about pleasure. cried Basil Hallward. "One has to pay in other ways but money." Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them." "This is," interrupted Dorian. "You must admit, Harry, that women give to men the very gold of their lives." That is the worry. Dorian, you will come with me. You must follow us in a hansom." He could not bear this marriage, and yet it seemed to him to be better than many other things that might have happened. He drove off by himself, as had been arranged, and watched the flashing lights of the little brougham in front of him. He felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been in the past.
 For some reason or other, the house was crowded that night, and the fat Jew manager who met them at the door was beaming from ear to ear with an oily tremulous smile. Dorian Gray loathed him more than ever. He felt as if he had come to look for Miranda and had been met by Caliban. said Lord Henry. They sit silently and watch her. She spiritualizes them, and one feels that they are of the same flesh and blood as one's self." "Don't pay any attention to him, Dorian," said the painter. "I understand what you mean, and I believe in this girl. But here is the orchestra. Neither of his friends dared to say anything to him. They were horribly disappointed. They waited for that. But the staginess of her acting was unbearable, and grew worse as she went on. The only person unmoved was the girl herself. "She is quite beautiful, Dorian," he said, "but she can't act. "I am going to see the play through," answered the lad, in a hard bitter voice. Love is a more wonderful thing than art." It is not good for one's morals to see bad acting. Basil, you must go. The hot tears came to his eyes. he answered, gazing at her in amazement. Are you ill? Why I shall never act well again." You make yourself ridiculous. My friends were bored. It was only in the theatre that I lived. I believed in everything. Even if I could do it, it would be profanation for me to play at being in love. He made no answer. She knelt down and pressed his hands to her lips. Then he leaped up and went to the door. how mad I was to love you! I will never think of you. A third-rate actress with a pretty face." I leave that to you. "Dorian, Dorian, don't leave me!" A fit of passionate sobbing choked her. Sibyl Vane seemed to him to be absurdly melodramatic. In a few moments he was out of the theatre. Where he went to he hardly knew. As the dawn was just breaking, he found himself close to Covent Garden. After a little while, he hailed a hansom and drove home. Finally, he came back, went over to the picture, and examined it. The expression looked different. One would have said that there was a touch of cruelty in the mouth. He had uttered a mad wish that he himself might remain young, and the portrait grow old; that his own beauty might be untarnished, and the face on the canvas bear the burden of his passions and his sins; that the painted image might be seared with the lines of suffering and thought, and that he might keep all the delicate bloom and loveliness of his then just conscious boyhood. Surely his wish had not been fulfilled? Why had he been made like that? She was nothing to him now. Would he ever look at it again? He would go back to Sibyl Vane, make her amends, marry her, try to love her again. Poor child! He got up from his chair and drew a large screen right in front of the portrait, shuddering as he glanced at it. A faint echo of his love came back to him.
asked Dorian Gray drowsily. He seemed to have forgotten all that he had gone through. As soon as he was dressed, he went into the library and sat down to a light French breakfast that had been laid out for him on a small round table close to the open window. He felt perfectly happy. Suddenly his eye fell on the screen that he had placed in front of the portrait, and he started. Dorian shook his head. Had the portrait really changed? And, yet, how vivid was his recollection of the whole thing! He almost dreaded his valet leaving the room. What should he do if Basil Hallward came and asked to look at his own picture? At least he would be alone when he looked upon the mask of his shame. The portrait had altered. Or was there some other, more terrible reason? She could still be his wife. Finally, he went over to the table and wrote a passionate letter to the girl he had loved, imploring her forgiveness and accusing himself of madness. When Dorian had finished the letter, he felt that he had been forgiven. Let me in at once. Yes, it was better to let Lord Henry in, and to explain to him the new life he was going to lead, to quarrel with him if it became necessary to quarrel, to part if parting was inevitable. "But you must not think too much about it." "Do you mean about Sibyl Vane?" I am not sorry for anything that has happened. I know what conscience is, to begin with. I want to be good. I can't bear the idea of my soul being hideous." "By marrying Sibyl Vane." Don't ever say things of that kind to me again. Dorian! Didn't you get my letter? "Dorian," he said, "my letter--don't be frightened--was to tell you that Sibyl Vane is dead." Sibyl dead! "It is in all the morning papers. Things like that make a man fashionable in Paris. Did Sibyl--? "Harry, Harry, it is terrible!" I see by _The Standard_ that she was seventeen. You must come and dine with me, and afterwards we will look in at the opera. Sibyl! I said I would go back to her. And now she is dead. If you had married this girl, you would have been wretched. "Harry," cried Dorian Gray, coming over and sitting down beside him, "why is it that I cannot feel this tragedy as much as I want to? And yet I must admit that this thing that has happened does not affect me as it should. That is always a dreadful moment. They are charmingly artificial, but they have no sense of art. "What is that, Harry?" You forget that." The girl never really lived, and so she has never really died. After some time Dorian Gray looked up. He waited impatiently for him to go. The vicious cruelty that marred the fine lines of the mouth had, no doubt, appeared at the very moment that the girl had drunk the poison, whatever it was. A wonderful tragic figure? The portrait was to bear the burden of his shame: that was all. For a moment, he thought of praying that the horrible sympathy that existed between him and the picture might cease. He would never again tempt by a prayer any terrible power. That was all. As it had revealed to him his own body, so it would reveal to him his own soul.
 As he was sitting at breakfast next morning, Basil Hallward was shown into the room. "I called last night, and they told me you were at the opera. I read of it quite by chance in a late edition of _The Globe_ that I picked up at the club. Somewhere in the Euston Road, isn't it? And her only child, too! If one doesn't talk about a thing, it has never happened. But he is not on the stage. "You went to the opera while Sibyl Vane was lying dead in some sordid lodging? "Stop, Basil! cried Dorian, leaping to his feet. "You call yesterday the past?" "Dorian, this is horrible! Something has changed you completely. I see that." "I want the Dorian Gray I used to paint," said the artist sadly. Good heavens! "My dear Basil! "How fearful," he muttered, and a shudder ran through him. It is one of the great romantic tragedies of the age. You know what I mean--middle-class virtue and all that kind of thing. There is something of the martyr about her. After all, his indifference was probably merely a mood that would pass away. "They don't know my name," he answered. It was pretty of her. You must do me a drawing of Sibyl, Basil. But you must come and sit to me yourself again. "I can never sit to you again, Basil. he exclaimed, starting back. It is the best thing I have ever done. "My servant has nothing to do with it, Basil. Why shouldn't I look at it?" He looked at Dorian Gray in absolute amazement. "Dorian!" "To exhibit it! You want to exhibit it?" That was impossible. The portrait will only be away a month. Dorian Gray passed his hand over his forehead. He felt that he was on the brink of a horrible danger. He remembered that Lord Henry had said to him once, half seriously and half in jest, "If you want to have a strange quarter of an hour, get Basil to tell you why he won't exhibit your picture. He told me why he wouldn't, and it was a revelation to me." He would ask him and try. His feeling of terror had passed away, and curiosity had taken its place. "Basil!" Then it was that I resolved never to allow the picture to be exhibited. But I did not mind that. Dorian Gray drew a long breath. He was safe for the time. But that was all. "It is extraordinary to me, Dorian," said Hallward, "that you should have seen this in the portrait. Dorian shook his head. And now good-bye, Dorian. You and I are friends, Basil, and we must always remain so." There is something fatal about a portrait. "And now good-bye. As he left the room, Dorian Gray smiled to himself. Poor Basil! He sighed and touched the bell.
Dorian lit a cigarette and walked over to the glass and glanced into it. Leaf bustled into the library. He asked her for the key of the schoolroom. "The old schoolroom, Mr. Dorian?" "Why, it is full of dust. He shuddered, and for a moment he regretted that he had not told Basil the true reason why he had wished to hide the picture away. Basil would have helped him to resist Lord Henry's influence, and the still more poisonous influences that came from his own temperament. Yes, Basil could have saved him. But it was too late now. Was the face on the canvas viler than before? He passed out as his servant entered. Sitting down at the writing-table he scribbled a note to Lord Henry, asking him to send him round something to read and reminding him that they were to meet at eight-fifteen that evening. In two or three minutes there was another knock, and Mr. Hubbard himself, the celebrated frame-maker of South Audley Street, came in with a somewhat rough-looking young assistant. But he always made an exception in favour of Dorian Gray. I have just got a beauty of a frame, sir. Old Florentine. "And, now, where shall we carry it to, Mr. And he wiped his shiny forehead. He had not entered the place for more than four years--not, indeed, since he had used it first as a play-room when he was a child, and then as a study when he grew somewhat older. Every moment of his lonely childhood came back to him as he looked round. He recalled the stainless purity of his boyish life, and it seemed horrible to him that it was here the fatal portrait was to be hidden away. Why should he watch the hideous corruption of his soul? There was no help for it. Here:  this will do. Dorian started. He felt safe now. It was simply to say that he sent him round the evening paper, and a book that might interest him, and that he would be at the club at eight-fifteen. He felt a little annoyed with Lord Henry for having sent him the report. What had Dorian Gray to do with Sibyl Vane's death? His eye fell on the yellow book that Lord Henry had sent him. It was the strangest book that he had ever read.
 For years, Dorian Gray could not free himself from the influence of this book. The hero, the wonderful young Parisian in whom the romantic and the scientific temperaments were so strangely blended, became to him a kind of prefiguring type of himself. He grew more and more enamoured of his own beauty, more and more interested in the corruption of his own soul. And, certainly, to him life itself was the first, the greatest, of the arts, and for it all the other arts seemed to be but a preparation. and to such little purpose! Yet, after some time, he wearied of them, and would sit in his box at the opera, either alone or with Lord Henry, listening in rapt pleasure to "Tannhauser" and seeing in the prelude to that great work of art a presentation of the tragedy of his own soul. He discovered wonderful stories, also, about jewels. The King of Ceilan rode through his city with a large ruby in his hand, as the ceremony of his coronation. How different it was with material things! He had not painted it. For, while he fascinated many, there were not a few who distrusted him. Yet these whispered scandals only increased in the eyes of many his strange and dangerous charm. And, after all, it is a very poor consolation to be told that the man who has given one a bad dinner, or poor wine, is irreproachable in his private life. He loved to stroll through the gaunt cold picture-gallery of his country house and look at the various portraits of those whose blood flowed in his veins. He had got from her his beauty, and his passion for the beauty of others. The hero of the wonderful novel that had so influenced his life had himself known this curious fancy. Dorian Gray had been poisoned by a book.
 It was on the ninth of November, the eve of his own thirty-eighth birthday, as he often remembered afterwards. He was walking home about eleven o'clock from Lord Henry's, where he had been dining, and was wrapped in heavy furs, as the night was cold and foggy. He had a bag in his hand. Dorian recognized him. A strange sense of fear, for which he could not account, came over him. But Hallward had seen him. "Dorian! I have been waiting for you in your library ever since nine o'clock. "No:  I am going to be out of England for six months. I intend to take a studio in Paris and shut myself up till I have finished a great picture I have in my head. I have something to say to you." Dorian looked at him and smiled. "What a way for a fashionable painter to travel! Come in, or the fog will get into the house. And mind you don't talk about anything serious. I never liked him, but I had nothing to complain about. "What is it all about?" Dorian sighed and lit a cigarette. "Half an hour!" Of course, you have your position, and your wealth, and all that kind of thing. Why is it that so many gentlemen in London will neither go to your house or invite you to theirs? England is bad enough I know, and English society is all wrong. One has a right to judge of a man by the effect he has over his friends. How should I know? Before I could answer that, I should have to see your soul." "To see my soul!" He felt a terrible joy at the thought that some one else was to share his secret, and that the man who had painted the portrait that was the origin of all his shame was to be burdened for the rest of his life with the hideous memory of what he had done. "This is blasphemy, Dorian!" he cried. "You must not say things like that. He laughed again. "You must give me some answer to these horrible charges that are made against you. "Come upstairs, Basil," he said quietly. "I keep a diary of my life from day to day, and it never leaves the room in which it is written.
 He passed out of the room and began the ascent, Basil Hallward following close behind. "So you think that it is only God who sees the soul, Basil? He seemed to recognize his own brushwork, and the frame was his own design. He had never done that. He knew it, and he felt as if his blood had changed in a moment from fire to sluggish ice. "What does this mean?" I tell you the thing is impossible." This is the face of a satyr." It has the eyes of a devil." Hallward turned again to the portrait and gazed at it. If it is true," he exclaimed, "and this is what you have done with your life, why, you must be worse even than those who talk against you fancy you to be!" It was from within, apparently, that the foulness and horror had come. There was no answer, but he could hear the young man sobbing at the window. "Pray, Dorian, pray," he murmured. "It is too late, Basil," he faltered. Don't say that. You have done enough evil in your life. Dorian Gray glanced at the picture, and suddenly an uncontrollable feeling of hatred for Basil Hallward came over him, as though it had been suggested to him by the image on the canvas, whispered into his ear by those grinning lips. It was a knife that he had brought up, some days before, to cut a piece of cord, and had forgotten to take away with him. The house was absolutely quiet. Then he took out the key and returned to the room, locking himself in as he did so. Now and then she stopped and peered back. He felt that the secret of the whole thing was not to realize the situation. That was enough. When he reached the library, he saw the bag and coat in the corner. His valet had gone to bed.... Paris! How horribly late! "Alan Campbell, 152, Hertford Street, Mayfair."
 At nine o'clock the next morning his servant came in with a cup of chocolate on a tray and opened the shutters. His night had been untroubled by any images of pleasure or of pain. Such hideous things were for the darkness, not for the day. But this was not one of them. He frowned, and getting up, went over to the book-case and took out a volume at hazard. How exquisite they were! Poor Basil! He sighed, and took up the volume again, and tried to forget. What if Alan Campbell should be out of England? Perhaps he might refuse to come. What could he do then? They had been great friends once, five years before--almost inseparable, indeed. For eighteen months their intimacy lasted. This was the man Dorian Gray was waiting for. A sigh of relief broke from his parched lips, and the colour came back to his cheeks. He felt that he was himself again. "Alan! His voice was hard and cold. "Yes:  it is a matter of life and death, Alan, and to more than one person. Campbell took a chair by the table, and Dorian sat opposite to him. The two men's eyes met. He knew that what he was going to do was dreadful. He has been dead ten hours now. Keep your horrible secrets to yourself. "Alan, they will have to interest you. Alan, you are scientific. You know about chemistry and things of that kind. "You are mad, Dorian." "It was suicide, Alan." But who drove him to it? You have come to the wrong man. "Alan, it was murder. Good God, Dorian, is that what you have come to? Think of the position I am in. We were friends once, Alan." "The dead linger sometimes. Alan! Alan! I absolutely refuse to do anything in the matter. "I entreat you, Alan." Then he stretched out his hand, took a piece of paper, and wrote something on it. Having done this, he got up and went over to the window. Now it is for me to dictate terms." "Yes, it is my turn to dictate terms, Alan. The thing is quite simple. The thing has to be done. "No, Alan, you must not leave the house. Then he rang the bell and gave it to his valet, with orders to return as soon as possible and to bring the things with him. A fly buzzed noisily about the room, and the ticking of the clock was like the beat of a hammer. "Hush, Alan. "How long will your experiment take, Alan?" Campbell felt dominated by him. Dorian half opened the door. He remembered that the night before he had forgotten, for the first time in his life, to hide the fatal canvas, and was about to rush forward, when he drew back with a shudder. Let us never see each other again." But the thing that had been sitting at the table was gone.
Certainly no one looking at Dorian Gray that night could have believed that he had passed through a tragedy as horrible as any tragedy of our age. He himself could not help wondering at the calm of his demeanour, and for a moment felt keenly the terrible pleasure of a double life. It was a small party, got up rather in a hurry by Lady Narborough, who was a very clever woman with what Lord Henry used to describe as the remains of really remarkable ugliness. Her guests this evening were rather tedious. Dorian murmured a graceful compliment and looked round the room. But at dinner he could not eat anything. From time to time the butler filled his glass with champagne. "Dear Lady Narborough," murmured Dorian, smiling, "I have not been in love for a whole week--not, in fact, since Madame de Ferrol left town." exclaimed the old lady. She is really wonderful, and full of surprises. Her capacity for family affection is extraordinary. cried Dorian. "Certainly, Lady Narborough." He is one of her most intimate friends." "She assures me so, Lady Narborough," said Dorian. "The husbands of very beautiful women belong to the criminal classes," said Lord Henry, sipping his wine. "It can only be the next world. This world and I are on excellent terms." When a man says that one knows that life has exhausted him. asked Dorian. "What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!" "You must come and explain that to me some afternoon, Lord Henry. "You were charming last night. "Is Monmouth to be there, too?" "How long has she been married?" asked Dorian. He atones for being occasionally somewhat overdressed by being always absolutely over-educated. Let us go up to the drawing-room. I am irritable, and out of temper. I shall go home. "All right, Dorian. As he drove back to his own house, he was conscious that the sense of terror he thought he had strangled had come back to him. He lit a cigarette and then threw it away. A triangular drawer passed slowly out. He put the box back, shutting the cabinet doors as he did so, and went into his bedroom. "Here is a sovereign for you," said Dorian.
Lying back in the hansom, with his hat pulled over his forehead, Dorian Gray watched with listless eyes the sordid shame of the great city, and now and then he repeated to himself the words that Lord Henry had said to him on the first day they had met, "To cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul." Was it true that the senses could cure it? The hideous hunger for opium began to gnaw at him. he asked huskily through the trap. The light shook and splintered in the puddles. In one of the top-windows stood a lamp. "He thinks he's got red ants on him," laughed one of them, as Dorian passed by. muttered Dorian. "Darlington is not going to do anything. From time to time he seemed to see the eyes of Basil Hallward looking at him. He wanted to be where no one would know who he was. Dorian walked to the door with a look of pain in his face. "There goes the devil's bargain!" she hiccoughed, in a hoarse voice. "Prince Charming is what you like to be called, ain't it?" Dorian Gray hurried along the quay through the drizzling rain. His meeting with Adrian Singleton had strangely moved him, and he wondered if the ruin of that young life was really to be laid at his door, as Basil Hallward had said to him with such infamy of insult. Choice is taken from them, and conscience is either killed, or, if it lives at all, lives but to give rebellion its fascination and disobedience its charm. He struggled madly for life, and by a terrible effort wrenched the tightening fingers away. In a second he heard the click of a revolver, and saw the gleam of a polished barrel, pointing straight at his head, and the dusky form of a short, thick-set man facing him. he gasped. Her death is at your door. Suddenly a wild hope flashed across his brain. "How long ago is it since your sister died? "Eighteen years! Then he seized Dorian Gray and dragged him from the archway. He loosened his hold and reeled back. James Vane stood on the pavement in horror. "He is not the man I am looking for," he answered, "and I want no man's money. This one is little more than a boy. "Why, man, it's nigh on eighteen years since Prince Charming made me what I am." She raised her hand up to heaven. They say he has sold himself to the devil for a pretty face.
 A week later Dorian Gray was sitting in the conservatory at Selby Royal, talking to the pretty Duchess of Monmouth, who with her husband, a jaded-looking man of sixty, was amongst his guests. said Lord Henry, strolling over to the table and putting his cup down. It is the only thing he is fit for." You value beauty far too much." cried the duchess. "And what does she get annoyed with you about, Duchess?" Dorian hesitated for a moment. The duchess sighed. "You are flirting disgracefully with him," said Lord Henry to his cousin. They fought for a woman." "Who?" "Lady Narborough," he whispered. You have all the methods of science." "Women are not always allowed a choice," he answered, but hardly had he finished the sentence before from the far end of the conservatory came a stifled groan, followed by the dull sound of a heavy fall. Everybody started up. And with fear in his eyes, Lord Henry rushed through the flapping palms to find Dorian Gray lying face downwards on the tiled floor in a deathlike swoon. After a short time, he came to himself and looked round with a dazed expression. You had better not come down to dinner. "I would rather come down. I must not be alone."
 The next day he did not leave the house, and, indeed, spent most of the time in his own room, sick with a wild terror of dying, and yet indifferent to life itself. Besides, he had convinced himself that he had been the victim of a terror-stricken imagination, and looked back now on his fears with something of pity and not a little of contempt. After breakfast, he walked with the duchess for an hour in the garden and then drove across the park to join the shooting-party. At the corner of the pine-wood he caught sight of Sir Geoffrey Clouston, the duchess's brother, jerking two spent cartridges out of his gun. he called out at the top of his voice. "A man is hurt." It would not look well to go on." "The whole thing is hideous and cruel. Is the man ...?" He must have died almost instantaneously. "What is?" asked Lord Henry. It was the man's own fault. It is rather awkward for Geoffrey, of course. And Geoffrey is not; he shoots very straight. Dorian shook his head. "It is a bad omen, Harry. I feel as if something horrible were going to happen to some of us. "The only horrible thing in the world is _ennui_, Dorian. I must tell them that the subject is to be tabooed. You must come and see my doctor, when we get back to town." The man turned round and went rapidly in the direction of the house. I want to escape, to go away, to forget. On a yacht one is safe." "Safe from what, Dorian? And it seems that you asked him not to shoot the hare. But I am sorry they told you about the man. cried the duchess. He is going to faint." That is all. he asked. The dreadful death of the unlucky beater, shot in the thicket like a wild animal, had seemed to him to pre-figure death for himself also. As he was putting it into the envelope, a knock came to the door, and his valet informed him that the head-keeper wished to see him. As soon as the man entered, Dorian pulled his chequebook out of a drawer and spread it out before him. "Don't know who he is?" Wasn't he one of your men?" "A sailor?" he cried out. "Where is the body?" The man who had been shot in the thicket was James Vane. He stood there for some minutes looking at the dead body.
 "There is no use your telling me that you are going to be good," cried Lord Henry, dipping his white fingers into a red copper bowl filled with rose-water. "In the country, Harry. She was quite beautiful and wonderfully like Sibyl Vane. I think it was that which first attracted me to her. I am quite sure that I loved her. Yesterday she met me in a little orchard. You gave her good advice and broke her heart. I am going to be better. What is going on in town? I have not been to the club for days." "The people are still discussing poor Basil's disappearance." I suppose in about a fortnight we shall be told that he has been seen in San Francisco. "What do you think has happened to Basil?" asked Dorian, holding up his Burgundy against the light and wondering how it was that he could discuss the matter so calmly. If Basil chooses to hide himself, it is no business of mine. If he is dead, I don't want to think about him. After the coffee had been brought in, he stopped, and looking over at Lord Henry, said, "Harry, did it ever occur to you that Basil was murdered?" Lord Henry yawned. He was not clever enough to have enemies. He watched him intently after he had spoken. Crime belongs exclusively to the lower orders. One should never do anything that one cannot talk about after dinner. But let us pass from poor Basil. I dare say he fell into the Seine off an omnibus and that the conductor hushed up the scandal. I see him lying now on his back under those dull-green waters, with the heavy barges floating over him and long weeds catching in his hair. It had lost an ideal. When you and he ceased to be great friends, he ceased to be a great artist. But I never really liked it. Lord Henry laughed. "By the way, Dorian," he said after a pause, "'what does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose--how does the quotation run?--his own soul'?" The music jarred, and Dorian Gray started and stared at his friend. It's absurd to talk of the ignorance of youth. I have sorrows, Dorian, of my own, that even you know nothing of. You are still the same." "I am not the same, Harry." The world has cried out against us both, but it has always worshipped you. Life has been your art. Dorian rose up from the piano and passed his hand through his hair. "It is because I am going to be good," he answered, smiling. "You cannot change to me, Dorian," said Lord Henry. You are much too delightful to do that. As for being poisoned by a book, there is no such thing as that. Art has no influence upon action. That is all.
Half the charm of the little village where he had been so often lately was that no one knew who he was. Was it really true that one could never change? All his failure had been due to that. The phrases came back to his memory, and he repeated them over and over to himself. It was better not to think of the past. It was of himself, and of his own future, that he had to think. He was perfectly safe there. He could not forgive him that. It was the portrait that had done everything. A new life! As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder if the portrait in the locked room had changed. He would go and look. He took the lamp from the table and crept upstairs. As he unbarred the door, a smile of joy flitted across his strangely young-looking face and lingered for a moment about his lips. Besides, even if he did confess, who would believe him? He recognized that now. He would destroy it. He seized the thing, and stabbed the picture with it. There was a cry heard, and a crash. Two gentlemen, who were passing in the square below, stopped and looked up at the great house. Old Mrs. Finally, after vainly trying to force the door, they got on the roof and dropped down on to the balcony. When they entered, they found hanging upon the wall a splendid portrait of their master as they had last seen him, in all the wonder of his exquisite youth and beauty. Lying on the floor was a dead man, in evening dress, with a knife in his heart.
In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden disappearance some years ago caused, at the time, such public excitement and gave rise to so many strange conjectures. "It is your best work, Basil, the best thing you have ever done," said Lord Henry languidly. "Not send it anywhere? I have put too much of myself into it." Lord Henry stretched himself out on the divan and laughed. "Dorian Gray? Is that his name?" "But why not?" When I like people immensely, I never tell their names to any one. It is like surrendering a part of them. I have grown to love secrecy. After a pause, Lord Henry pulled out his watch. Now, that is childish." "Harry," said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, "every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter. The reason I will not exhibit this picture is that I am afraid that I have shown in it the secret of my own soul." Lord Henry laughed. "And what is that?" he asked. "Two months ago I went to a crush at Lady Brandon's. Dorian told me so afterwards. Indeed, the probabilities are that the more insincere the man is, the more purely intellectual will the idea be, as in that case it will not be coloured by either his wants, his desires, or his prejudices. Tell me more about Mr. Dorian Gray. He is absolutely necessary to me." There is nothing that art cannot express, and I know that the work I have done, since I met Dorian Gray, is good work, is the best work of my life. "Basil, this is extraordinary! I must see Dorian Gray." That is all." asked Lord Henry. "An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them. As a rule, he is charming to me, and we sit in the studio and talk of a thousand things. "Days in summer, Basil, are apt to linger," murmured Lord Henry. "Perhaps you will tire sooner than he will. It was charming to have escaped all that! "Where I heard the name of Dorian Gray." "You don't want me to meet him?" "You must introduce me now," cried Lord Henry, laughing. Then he looked at Lord Henry. "He has a simple and a beautiful nature. Don't try to influence him. Don't take away from me the one person who gives to my art whatever charm it possesses:  my life as an artist depends on him.
When he caught sight of Lord Henry, a faint blush coloured his cheeks for a moment, and he started up. "That is very horrid to her, and not very nice to me," answered Dorian, laughing. All the candour of youth was there, as well as all youth's passionate purity. And Lord Henry flung himself down on the divan and opened his cigarette-case. Lord Henry smiled and looked at Dorian Gray. "But what about my man at the Orleans?" Dorian Gray stepped up on the dais with the air of a young Greek martyr, and made a little _moue_ of discontent to Lord Henry, to whom he had rather taken a fancy. After a few moments he said to him, "Have you really a very bad influence, Lord Henry? As bad as Basil says?" "There is no such thing as a good influence, Mr. Gray. All influence is immoral--immoral from the scientific point of view." "Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly--that is what each of us is here for. The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. faltered Dorian Gray, "stop! Or, rather, let me try not to think." He was dimly conscious that entirely fresh influences were at work within him. Words! With his subtle smile, Lord Henry watched him. He was unconscious of the silence. "I must go out and sit in the garden. You mustn't believe a word that he says." "He has certainly not been paying me compliments. It is horribly hot in the studio. Lord Henry went out to the garden and found Dorian Gray burying his face in the great cool lilac-blossoms, feverishly drinking in their perfume as if it had been wine. "Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul." "Yes," continued Lord Henry, "that is one of the great secrets of life--to cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul. It was absurd to be frightened. "I don't feel that, Lord Henry." And beauty is a form of genius--is higher, indeed, than genius, as it needs no explanation. To me, beauty is the wonder of wonders. realize your youth while you have it. These are the sickly aims, the false ideals, of our age. You might be its visible symbol. Youth! Youth! There is absolutely nothing in the world but youth!" As they entered the studio, Dorian Gray put his hand upon Lord Henry's arm. Lord Henry came over and examined the picture. "It is the finest portrait of modern times. "That is entirely due to me," broke in Lord Henry. A look of joy came into his eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. The sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. "Of course he likes it," said Lord Henry. "He is a very lucky fellow." But this picture will remain always young. If it were I who was to be always young, and the picture that was to grow old! He seemed quite angry. I know, now, that when one loses one's good looks, whatever they may be, one loses everything. Lord Henry Wotton is perfectly right. "Dorian! Dorian!" Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. He was going to rip up the canvas. "It would be murder!" "You will have tea, of course, Dorian? The two men sauntered languidly to the table and examined what was under the covers. "I shall stay with the real Dorian," he said, sadly. exclaimed Lord Henry. Good-bye, Dorian. "And ... "I wish I could trust myself," said Lord Henry, laughing.
 At half-past twelve next day Lord Henry Wotton strolled from Curzon Street over to the Albany to call on his uncle, Lord Fermor, a genial if somewhat rough-mannered old bachelor, whom the outside world called selfish because it derived no particular benefit from him, but who was considered generous by Society as he fed the people who amused him. "Well, sit down and tell me all about it. "Mr. Dorian Gray? He is the last Lord Kelso's grandson. His mother was a Devereux, Lady Margaret Devereux. The poor chap was killed in a duel at Spa a few months after the marriage. They said Kelso got some rascally adventurer, some Belgian brute, to insult his son-in-law in public--paid him, sir, to do it, paid him--and that the fellow spitted his man as if he had been a pigeon. The girl died, too, died within a year. So she left a son, did she? His mother had money, too. "I fancy that the boy will be well off. Carlington was mad after her. It is the secret of their charm." "It is. "At Aunt Agatha's. The old gentleman growled approvingly and rang the bell for his servant. A beautiful woman risking everything for a mad passion. The Americans are an extremely interesting people. cried Lord Henry. "I can sympathize with everything except suffering," said Lord Henry, shrugging his shoulders. Lord Henry laughed. "A blush is very becoming, Duchess," remarked Lord Henry. "To get back one's youth, one has merely to repeat one's follies." "A delightful theory!" "Yes," he continued, "that is one of the great secrets of life. A laugh ran round the table. Lord Henry laughed and rose.
 One afternoon, a month later, Dorian Gray was reclining in a luxurious arm-chair, in the little library of Lord Henry's house in Mayfair. he murmured. It is only his wife. "Not seventeen, Lady Henry?" And I saw you with him the other night at the opera." "That was at Lohengrin, Lady Henry, I think?" But he has been most pleasant. I went to look after a piece of old brocade in Wardour Street and had to bargain for hours for it. Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing." "Never marry a woman with straw-coloured hair, Dorian," he said after a few puffs. I am too much in love. "Who are you in love with?" asked Lord Henry after a pause. "With an actress," said Dorian Gray, blushing. Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "Her name is Sibyl Vane." "Never heard of her." There was an exquisite poison in the air. I remembered what you had said to me on that wonderful evening when we first dined together, about the search for beauty being the real secret of life. You will laugh at me, I know, but I really went in and paid a whole guinea for the stage-box. What do you think the play was, Harry?" It was Romeo and Juliet. He was played by the low-comedian, who had introduced gags of his own and was on most friendly terms with the pit. Your voice and the voice of Sibyl Vane are two things that I shall never forget. Why should I not love her? One evening she is Rosalind, and the next evening she is Imogen. How different an actress is! "Oh, yes, horrid people with dyed hair and painted faces." "Don't run down dyed hair and painted faces. Sibyl Vane is sacred!" "By this time, however, the lights were being put out in the theatre, and I had to go. The next night, of course, I arrived at the place again. "Sibyl? I must call you Prince Charming.'" She regarded me merely as a person in a play. "Sibyl is the only thing I care about. What is it to me where she came from? Every night of my life I go to see her act, and every night she is more marvellous." He shook his head. "When is she Sibyl Vane?" She is more than an individual. I love her, and I must make her love me. Lord Henry watched him with a subtle sense of pleasure. said Lord Henry at last. "I want you and Basil to come with me some night and see her act. When all that is settled, I shall take a West End theatre and bring her out properly. Lord Henry smiled. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. Certainly few people had ever interested him so much as Dorian Gray, and yet the lad's mad adoration of some one else caused him not the slightest pang of annoyance or jealousy. It made him a more interesting study. His sudden mad love for Sibyl Vane was a psychological phenomenon of no small interest. While Lord Henry sat dreaming on these things, a knock came to the door, and his valet entered and reminded him it was time to dress for dinner. When he arrived home, about half-past twelve o'clock, he saw a telegram lying on the hall table. It was to tell him that he was engaged to be married to Sibyl Vane.
Mrs. Vane winced and put her thin, bismuth-whitened hands on her daughter's head. Mr. Isaacs has been very good to us, and we owe him money." The girl looked up and pouted. "Money, Mother?" Love is more than money." "Mr. Isaacs has advanced us fifty pounds to pay off our debts and to get a proper outfit for James. You must not forget that, Sibyl. Sibyl Vane tossed her head and laughed. was the parrot-phrase flung in answer. The joy of a caged bird was in her voice. Her prince, Prince Charming, was with her. The arrows of craft shot by her. You don't even know his name. However, as I said before, if he is rich ..."  "Ah! Mrs. Vane fixed her eyes on him and intensified her smile. "You are a dreadful old bear." She felt a little disappointed that he had not joined the group. That will be nice! It is very sweet of you to let me have your last afternoon. "Only swell people go to the park." For some months past she had felt ill at ease when she was alone with this rough stern son of hers. All I say is, watch over Sibyl. Is that right? But there is no doubt that the young man in question is a perfect gentleman. James Vane bit his lip. "Watch over Sibyl, Mother," he cried, "watch over her." "What is the matter?" "Kiss me, Mother," said the girl. cried Mrs. Vane, looking up to the ceiling in search of an imaginary gallery. "Come, Sibyl," said her brother impatiently. She was thinking of Prince Charming, and, that she might think of him all the more, she did not talk of him, but prattled on about the ship in which Jim was going to sail, about the gold he was certain to find, about the wonderful heiress whose life he was to save from the wicked, red-shirted bushrangers. His mother! A chance phrase that he had heard at the theatre, a whispered sneer that had reached his ears one night as he waited at the stage-door, had set loose a train of horrible thoughts. "Who is he? To play for his delight! What does that matter? "What more do you want?" "He wants to enslave you." Sibyl felt oppressed. Suddenly she caught a glimpse of golden hair and laughing lips, and in an open carriage with two ladies Dorian Gray drove past. "Prince Charming," she answered, looking after the victoria. He said that he would sooner part with her when their mother was not present. He felt that he had a right to know. Her eyes wandered vaguely about the room. Were you married to my father?" It was crude. It reminded her of a bad rehearsal. "My father was a scoundrel then!" "I knew he was not free. If he had lived, he would have made provision for us. He was your father, and a gentleman. It is a gentleman, isn't it, who is in love with her, or says he is? Don't forget that you will have only one child now to look after, and believe me that if this man wrongs my sister, I will find out who he is, track him down, and kill him like a dog. The lodging-house drudge bustled in and out. Of the threat she said nothing.
said Lord Henry that evening as Hallward was shown into a little private room at the Bristol where dinner had been laid for three. "What is it? "Dorian Gray is engaged to be married," said Lord Henry, watching him as he spoke. "Dorian engaged to be married!" "To whom?" "To some little actress or other." Dorian is far too sensible." "Dorian is far too wise not to do foolish things now and then, my dear Basil." "Dorian says she is beautiful, and he is not often wrong about things of that kind. Dorian Gray falls in love with a beautiful girl who acts Juliet, and proposes to marry her. The real drawback to marriage is that it makes one unselfish. And unselfish people are colourless. Besides, every experience is of value, and whatever one may say against marriage, it is certainly an experience. But Sibyl! I forgot that I was in London and in the nineteenth century. After the performance was over, I went behind and spoke to her. I shall be of age in less than a year, and then I can do what I like. I have had the arms of Rosalind around me, and kissed Juliet on the mouth." asked Lord Henry. Lord Henry sipped his champagne in a meditative manner. "At what particular point did you mention the word marriage, Dorian? "My dear Harry, I did not treat it as a business transaction, and I did not make any formal proposal. I told her that I loved her, and she said she was not worthy to be my wife. He is not like other men. Lord Henry looked across the table. I have a theory that it is always the women who propose to us, and not we who propose to the women. "Discord is to be forced to be in harmony with others. I consider that for any man of culture to accept the standard of his age is a form of the grossest immorality." Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. He drove off by himself, as had been arranged, and watched the flashing lights of the little brougham in front of him. He felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been in the past.
said Lord Henry. exclaimed Lord Henry, who was scanning the occupants of the gallery through his opera-glass. Yes, she was certainly lovely to look at--one of the loveliest creatures, Lord Henry thought, that he had ever seen. Yet she was curiously listless. She seemed to them to be absolutely incompetent. But the staginess of her acting was unbearable, and grew worse as she went on. Even the common uneducated audience of the pit and gallery lost their interest in the play. "She is quite beautiful, Dorian," he said, "but she can't act. She has entirely altered. It is not good for one's morals to see bad acting. She is very lovely, and if she knows as little about life as she does about acting, she will be a delightful experience. Come to the club with Basil and myself. She is beautiful. You taught me what reality really is. Prince of life! "You have killed my love," he muttered. She looked at him in wonder and laughed. You are shallow and stupid. She clenched her hands together, and her voice seemed to catch in her throat. He thrust her back. But you, oh! In a few moments he was out of the theatre. As the dawn was just breaking, he found himself close to Covent Garden. As he was turning the handle of the door, his eye fell upon the portrait Basil Hallward had painted of him. Then he went on into his own room, looking somewhat puzzled. Finally, he came back, went over to the picture, and examined it. In the dim arrested light that struggled through the cream-coloured silk blinds, the face appeared to him to be a little changed. One would have said that there was a touch of cruelty in the mouth. But the strange expression that he had noticed in the face of the portrait seemed to linger there, to be more intensified even. The quivering ardent sunlight showed him the lines of cruelty round the mouth as clearly as if he had been looking into a mirror after he had done some dreadful thing. He had uttered a mad wish that he himself might remain young, and the portrait grow old; that his own beauty might be untarnished, and the face on the canvas bear the burden of his passions and his sins; that the painted image might be seared with the lines of suffering and thought, and that he might keep all the delicate bloom and loveliness of his then just conscious boyhood. And, yet, there was the picture before him, with the touch of cruelty in the mouth. Had he been cruel? He had dreamed of her as a great artist, had given his love to her because he had thought her great. Then she had disappointed him. Why had he been made like that? She was nothing to him now. What was he to say of that? Would he ever look at it again? But he would not sin. The picture, changed or unchanged, would be to him the visible emblem of conscience. He would not see Lord Henry any more--would not, at any rate, listen to those subtle poisonous theories that in Basil Hallward's garden had first stirred within him the passion for impossible things. He would go back to Sibyl Vane, make her amends, marry her, try to love her again. He had been selfish and cruel to her. He got up from his chair and drew a large screen right in front of the portrait, shuddering as he glanced at it. he murmured to himself, and he walked across to the window and opened it.
He hesitated for a moment, and then put it aside. The others he opened listlessly. Suddenly his eye fell on the screen that he had placed in front of the portrait, and he started. Dorian shook his head. Had the portrait really changed? He knew that when he was alone he would have to examine the portrait. He was afraid of certainty. The portrait had altered. But here was a visible symbol of the degradation of sin. Finally, he went over to the table and wrote a passionate letter to the girl he had loved, imploring her forgiveness and accusing himself of madness. When Dorian had finished the letter, he felt that he had been forgiven. asked the lad. Did you make a scene with her?" I am not sorry for anything that has happened. It has taught me to know myself better." "Marrying Sibyl Vane!" Dorian! "Your letter? "Dorian," he said, "my letter--don't be frightened--was to tell you that Sibyl Vane is dead." "It is quite true, Dorian," said Lord Henry, gravely. It seems that as she was leaving the theatre with her mother, about half-past twelve or so, she said she had forgotten something upstairs. They ultimately found her lying dead on the floor of her dressing-room. cried the lad. You must come and dine with me, and afterwards we will look in at the opera. "So I have murdered Sibyl Vane," said Dorian Gray, half to himself, "murdered her as surely as if I had cut her little throat with a knife. Somehow, now that it has happened actually, and to me, it seems far too wonderful for tears. Strange, that my first passionate love-letter should have been addressed to a dead girl. It was selfish of her." It is not my fault that this terrible tragedy has prevented my doing what was right. "Harry," cried Dorian Gray, coming over and sitting down beside him, "why is it that I cannot feel this tragedy as much as I want to? It seems to me to be simply like a wonderful ending to a wonderful play. "It is an interesting question," said Lord Henry, who found an exquisite pleasure in playing on the lad's unconscious egotism, "an extremely interesting question. In the present case, what is it that has really happened? That is always a dreadful moment. The one charm of the past is that it is the past. I am glad I am living in a century when such wonders happen. "I was terribly cruel to her. "I am afraid that women appreciate cruelty, downright cruelty, more than anything else. The evening darkened in the room. It has been a marvellous experience. There is nothing that you, with your extraordinary good looks, will not be able to do." It is on the grand tier. You are certainly my best friend. "We are only at the beginning of our friendship, Dorian," answered Lord Henry, shaking him by the hand. As he closed the door behind him, Dorian Gray touched the bell, and in a few minutes Victor appeared with the lamps and drew the blinds down. As soon as he had left, he rushed to the screen and drew it back. Poor Sibyl! He would not think any more of what she had made him go through, on that horrible night at the theatre. Eternal youth, infinite passion, pleasures subtle and secret, wild joys and wilder sins--he was to have all these things. The portrait was to bear the burden of his shame: that was all. A feeling of pain crept over him as he thought of the desecration that was in store for the fair face on the canvas. For a moment, he thought of praying that the horrible sympathy that existed between him and the picture might cease. Not one blossom of his loveliness would ever fade. What did it matter what happened to the coloured image on the canvas? That was everything. An hour later he was at the opera, and Lord Henry was leaning over his chair.
 As he was sitting at breakfast next morning, Basil Hallward was shown into the room. "I called last night, and they told me you were at the opera. I passed a dreadful evening, half afraid that one tragedy might be followed by another. Did you go down and see the girl's mother? Poor woman! Don't talk about horrid subjects. But he is not on the stage. He is a sailor, or something. "You went to the opera?" "You went to the opera while Sibyl Vane was lying dead in some sordid lodging? cried Dorian, leaping to his feet. A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure. "Dorian, this is horrible! Something has changed you completely. You were the most unspoiled creature in the whole world. I see that." "I owe a great deal to Harry, Basil," he said at last, "more than I owe to you. You only taught me to be vain." "Well, I am punished for that, Dorian--or shall be some day." "My dear Basil! It is one of the great romantic tragedies of the age. Finally he succeeded, and nothing could exceed his disappointment. To become the spectator of one's own life, as Harry says, is to escape the suffering of life. But I know that you are better than he is. He could not bear the idea of reproaching him any more. You must do me a drawing of Sibyl, Basil. But you must come and sit to me yourself again. It is impossible!" The light was too strong on the portrait." He looked at Dorian Gray in absolute amazement. "Dorian!" "To exhibit it! You want to exhibit it?" Was the world going to be shown his secret? Were people to gape at the mystery of his life? The portrait will only be away a month. "Why have you changed your mind? He would ask him and try. "Basil!" Then it was that I resolved never to allow the picture to be exhibited. It often seems to me that art conceals the artist far more completely than it ever reveals him. He was safe for the time. But that was all. "You must not ask me that, Basil. That is not even a compliment." There is something fatal about a portrait. "And now good-bye. How little he knew of the true reason! And how strange it was that, instead of having been forced to reveal his own secret, he had succeeded, almost by chance, in wresting a secret from his friend! He sighed and touched the bell. The portrait must be hidden away at all costs.
The man was quite impassive and waited for his orders. Speaking very slowly, he told him to tell the house-keeper that he wanted to see her, and then to go to the frame-maker and ask him to send two of his men round at once. Leaf bustled into the library. He asked her for the key of the schoolroom. "The old schoolroom, Mr. Dorian?" As the door closed, Dorian put the key in his pocket and looked round the room. What the worm was to the corpse, his sins would be to the painted image on the canvas. He shuddered, and for a moment he regretted that he had not told Basil the true reason why he had wished to hide the picture away. Basil would have helped him to resist Lord Henry's influence, and the still more poisonous influences that came from his own temperament. Yes, Basil could have saved him. But it was too late now. But the future was inevitable. He took up from the couch the great purple-and-gold texture that covered it, and, holding it in his hands, passed behind the screen. As he did so, a knock came to the door. He passed out as his servant entered. Sitting down at the writing-table he scribbled a note to Lord Henry, asking him to send him round something to read and reminding him that they were to meet at eight-fifteen that evening. In two or three minutes there was another knock, and Mr. Hubbard himself, the celebrated frame-maker of South Audley Street, came in with a somewhat rough-looking young assistant. "And, now, where shall we carry it to, Mr. And he wiped his shiny forehead. "I am afraid it is rather heavy," murmured Dorian as he unlocked the door that opened into the room that was to keep for him the curious secret of his life and hide his soul from the eyes of men. He had the key, and no one else could enter it. It might escape the hideousness of sin, but the hideousness of age was in store for it. The picture had to be concealed. It was simply to say that he sent him round the evening paper, and a book that might interest him, and that he would be at the club at eight-fifteen. A verdict of death by misadventure was returned. And how horribly real ugliness made things! He felt a little annoyed with Lord Henry for having sent him the report. It seemed to him that in exquisite raiment, and to the delicate sound of flutes, the sins of the world were passing in dumb show before him. murmured Lord Henry.
 For years, Dorian Gray could not free himself from the influence of this book. There was something in the purity of his face that rebuked them. There were moments, indeed, at night, when, lying sleepless in his own delicately scented chamber, or in the sordid room of the little ill-famed tavern near the docks which, under an assumed name and in disguise, it was his habit to frequent, he would think of the ruin he had brought upon his soul with a pity that was all the more poignant because it was purely selfish. He had mad hungers that grew more ravenous as he fed them. and to such little purpose! Sometimes when he was down at his great house in Nottinghamshire, entertaining the fashionable young men of his own rank who were his chief companions, and astounding the county by the wanton luxury and gorgeous splendour of his mode of life, he would suddenly leave his guests and rush back to town to see that the door had not been tampered with and that the picture was still there. Curious stories became current about him after he had passed his twenty-fifth year. It was remarked, however, that some of those who had been most intimate with him appeared, after a time, to shun him. His great wealth was a certain element of security. For the canons of good society are, or should be, the same as the canons of art. Is insincerity such a terrible thing? He had got from her his beauty, and his passion for the beauty of others. Dorian Gray had been poisoned by a book.
He was walking home about eleven o'clock from Lord Henry's, where he had been dining, and was wrapped in heavy furs, as the night was cold and foggy. Dorian recognized him. He made no sign of recognition and went on quickly in the direction of his own house. "Dorian! Dorian looked at him and smiled. "What a way for a fashionable painter to travel! Come in, or the fog will get into the house. Dorian shrugged his shoulders. "I believe he married Lady Radley's maid, and has established her in Paris as an English dressmaker. Dorian sighed and lit a cigarette. I think it right that you should know that the most dreadful things are being said against you in London." They have not got the charm of novelty." Every gentleman is interested in his good name. Why is your friendship so fatal to young men? There was Sir Henry Ashton, who had to leave England with a tarnished name. You and he were inseparable. What about Adrian Singleton and his dreadful end? What about Lord Kent's only son and his career? "Dorian," cried Hallward, "that is not the question. One has a right to judge of a man by the effect he has over his friends. You have filled them with a madness for pleasure. And there is worse behind. When you met Lady Gwendolen, not a breath of scandal had ever touched her. Is there a single decent woman in London now who would drive with her in the park? Then there are other stories--stories that you have been seen creeping at dawn out of dreadful houses and slinking in disguise into the foulest dens in London. "To see my soul!" But only God can do that." He felt a terrible joy at the thought that some one else was to share his secret, and that the man who had painted the portrait that was the origin of all his shame was to be burdened for the rest of his life with the hideous memory of what he had done. When they reached the top landing, Dorian set the lamp down on the floor, and taking out the key, turned it in the lock. "So you think that it is only God who sees the soul, Basil? Draw that curtain back, and you will see mine." Then I must do it myself," said the young man, and he tore the curtain from its rod and flung it on the ground. There was something in its expression that filled him with disgust and loathing. He seized the lighted candle, and held it to the picture. No! the thing is impossible. Mildew has got into the canvas. murmured the young man, going over to the window and leaning his forehead against the cold, mist-stained glass. "I was wrong. It has destroyed me." "Can't you see your ideal in it?" This is the face of a satyr." "It is the face of my soul." Hallward turned again to the portrait and gazed at it. "Pray, Dorian, pray," he murmured. The prayer of your pride has been answered. The prayer of your repentance will be answered also. "It is too late, Basil," he faltered. "It is never too late, Dorian. Don't say that. Dorian Gray glanced at the picture, and suddenly an uncontrollable feeling of hatred for Basil Hallward came over him, as though it had been suggested to him by the image on the canvas, whispered into his ear by those grinning lips. When he reached the library, he saw the bag and coat in the corner. He unlocked a secret press that was in the wainscoting, a press in which he kept his own curious disguises, and put them into it. His valet had gone to bed.... Paris! There he paused, hearing the slow heavy tread of the policeman on the pavement outside and seeing the flash of the bull's-eye reflected in the window. "Ten minutes past two? "Mr. Hallward, sir. He stayed here till eleven, and then he went away to catch his train." Dorian Gray threw his hat and coat upon the table and passed into the library. "Alan Campbell, 152, Hertford Street, Mayfair."
 At nine o'clock the next morning his servant came in with a cup of chocolate on a tray and opened the shutters. The dead man was still sitting there, too, and in the sunlight now. How horrible that was! He felt that if he brooded on what he had gone through he would sicken or grow mad. At some of the letters, he smiled. One he put in his pocket, the other he handed to the valet. Suddenly he remarked that every face that he drew seemed to have a fantastic likeness to Basil Hallward. When he had stretched himself on the sofa, he looked at the title-page of the book. It was Gautier's Emaux et Camees, Charpentier's Japanese-paper edition, with the Jacquemart etching. But after a time the book fell from his hand. Perhaps he might refuse to come. To him, as to many others, Dorian Gray was the type of everything that is wonderful and fascinating in life. "Mr. Campbell, sir," said the man. He felt that he was himself again. The man bowed and retired. There was a look of contempt in the steady searching gaze that he turned on Dorian. "Yes:  it is a matter of life and death, Alan, and to more than one person. Campbell took a chair by the table, and Dorian sat opposite to him. He has been dead ten hours now. I don't want to know anything further. I am forced to bring you into the matter. Indeed, at the present moment he is supposed to be in Paris. He will not be missed for months. When he is missed, there must be no trace of him found here. But who drove him to it? "Murder! Good God, Dorian, is that what you have come to? Indeed, to destroy a body must be far less horrible than what you are accustomed to work at. "I have no desire to help you. Then he stretched out his hand, took a piece of paper, and wrote something on it. As he read it, his face became ghastly pale and he fell back in his chair. I have a letter written already. But you are going to help me. You will do me the justice to admit that. "I cannot do it," he said, mechanically, as though words could alter things. You have no choice. "Is there a fire in the room upstairs?" A fly buzzed noisily about the room, and the ticking of the clock was like the beat of a hammer. what a life that is! he asked Campbell. Dorian looked at Campbell. "It will take about five hours," he answered. They left the room together. He remembered that the night before he had forgotten, for the first time in his life, to hide the fatal canvas, and was about to rush forward, when he drew back with a shudder. What was that loathsome red dew that gleamed, wet and glistening, on one of the hands, as though the canvas had sweated blood? He heard Campbell bringing in the heavy chest, and the irons, and the other things that he had required for his dreadful work. As he was going downstairs, he heard the key being turned in the lock. It was long after seven when Campbell came back into the library. He was pale, but absolutely calm. "I have done what you asked me to do," he muttered. Let us never see each other again." There was a horrible smell of nitric acid in the room.
Perhaps one never seems so much at one's ease as when one has to play a part. There has not been a scandal in the neighbourhood since the time of Queen Elizabeth, and consequently they all fall asleep after dinner. From time to time the butler filled his glass with champagne. He drank eagerly, and his thirst seemed to increase. "Dorian," said Lord Henry at last, as the _chaud-froid_ was being handed round, "what is the matter with you to-night? You are quite out of sorts." "Dear Lady Narborough," murmured Dorian, smiling, "I have not been in love for a whole week--not, in fact, since Madame de Ferrol left town." exclaimed the old lady. cried Dorian. Upon my word that is _trop de zele_." asked Lord Henry, elevating his eyebrows. "It can only be the next world. Lord Henry looked serious for some moments. "_Fin de siecle_," murmured Lord Henry. "_Fin du globe_," answered his hostess. "Life is a great disappointment." asked Dorian. But nothing must be done in a hurry. More than enough is as good as a feast." Mr. Chapman began to talk in a loud voice about the situation in the House of Commons. "You seemed rather out of sorts at dinner." That is all." It is the feet of clay that make the gold of the image precious. Dorian glanced at him hurriedly and frowned. Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. Let us go up to the drawing-room. Something has happened to you, Dorian. Make my excuses to Lady Narborough. The duchess is coming." He realized that, and when he had locked the door of his library, he opened the secret press into which he had thrust Basil Hallward's coat and bag. The smell of the singeing clothes and burning leather was horrible. It took him three-quarters of an hour to consume everything. Between two of the windows stood a large Florentine cabinet, made out of ebony and inlaid with ivory and blue lapis. He lit a cigarette and then threw it away. But he still watched the cabinet. Inside was a green paste, waxy in lustre, the odour curiously heavy and persistent. He put the box back, shutting the cabinet doors as he did so, and went into his bedroom. In Bond Street he found a hansom with a good horse. He hailed it and in a low voice gave the driver an address. "Here is a sovereign for you," said Dorian.
"To cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul!" What could atone for that? He thrust up the trap and called to the man to drive faster. They were what he needed for forgetfulness. In three days he would be free. The light shook and splintered in the puddles. At the end of the hall hung a tattered green curtain that swayed and shook in the gusty wind which had followed him in from the street. At the end of the room there was a little staircase, leading to a darkened chamber. muttered Dorian. Yet he felt he could not stay. The presence of Adrian Singleton troubled him. He wanted to be where no one would know who he was. Dorian shrugged his shoulders. Adrian Singleton rose up wearily and followed Dorian to the bar. Dorian walked to the door with a look of pain in his face. "Prince Charming is what you like to be called, ain't it?" she yelled after him. He rushed out as if in pursuit. Callous, concentrated on evil, with stained mind, and soul hungry for rebellion, Dorian Gray hastened on, quickening his step as he went, but as he darted aside into a dim archway, that had served him often as a short cut to the ill-famed place where he was going, he felt himself suddenly seized from behind, and before he had time to defend himself, he was thrust back against the wall, with a brutal hand round his throat. In a second he heard the click of a revolver, and saw the gleam of a polished barrel, pointing straight at his head, and the dusky form of a short, thick-set man facing him. "You wrecked the life of Sibyl Vane," was the answer, "and Sibyl Vane was my sister. She killed herself. Dorian did not know what to say or do. That's all." "How long ago is it since your sister died? "Eighteen years," said the man. "Eighteen years! Set me under the lamp and look at my face!" It was one of the women who had been drinking at the bar. "Why didn't you kill him?" He has lots of money, and he's as bad as bad." "Why, man, it's nigh on eighteen years since Prince Charming made me what I am." "Before God?" They say he has sold himself to the devil for a pretty face. Let me have some money for my night's lodging."
 A week later Dorian Gray was sitting in the conservatory at Selby Royal, talking to the pretty Duchess of Monmouth, who with her husband, a jaded-looking man of sixty, was amongst his guests. Names are everything. "His name is Prince Paradox," said Dorian. "Like all good reputations, Gladys," interrupted Lord Henry. cried Lord Henry. asked the duchess after a pause. "Especially when one has been wounded by it," answered Lord Henry. The duchess sighed. "Courage has passed from men to women. "Lady Narborough," he whispered. "That would be a premature surrender." "Women are not always allowed a choice," he answered, but hardly had he finished the sentence before from the far end of the conservatory came a stifled groan, followed by the dull sound of a heavy fall. And with fear in his eyes, Lord Henry rushed through the flapping palms to find Dorian Gray lying face downwards on the tiled floor in a deathlike swoon. "What has happened?" He began to tremble. I must not be alone." There was a wild recklessness of gaiety in his manner as he sat at table, but now and then a thrill of terror ran through him when he remembered that, pressed against the window of the conservatory, like a white handkerchief, he had seen the face of James Vane watching him. The next day he did not leave the house, and, indeed, spent most of the time in his own room, sick with a wild terror of dying, and yet indifferent to life itself. Success was given to the strong, failure thrust upon the weak. It was not till the third day that he ventured to go out. After breakfast, he walked with the duchess for an hour in the garden and then drove across the park to join the shooting-party. At the corner of the pine-wood he caught sight of Sir Geoffrey Clouston, the duchess's brother, jerking two spent cartridges out of his gun. Let it live." laughed his companion, and as the hare bounded into the thicket, he fired. There were two cries heard, the cry of a hare in pain, which is dreadful, the cry of a man in agony, which is worse. exclaimed Sir Geoffrey. Spoiled my shooting for the day." "The whole thing is hideous and cruel. asked Lord Henry. And Geoffrey is not; he shoots very straight. "It is a bad omen, Harry. "The only horrible thing in the world is _ennui_, Dorian. As for omens, there is no such thing as an omen. I have no terror of death. laughed Lord Henry. cried the duchess. He is going to faint." Upstairs, in his own room, Dorian Gray was lying on a sofa, with terror in every tingling fibre of his body. At five o'clock he rang his bell for his servant and gave him orders to pack his things for the night-express to town, and to have the brougham at the door by eight-thirty. Then he wrote a note to Lord Henry, telling him that he was going up to town to consult his doctor and asking him to entertain his guests in his absence. Wasn't he one of your men?" Seems like a sailor, sir." Dorian started to his feet. "Where is the body?" "Take that thing off the face. He stood there for some minutes looking at the dead body.
"No, Harry, I have done too many dreadful things in my life. "In the country, Harry. I was staying at a little inn by myself." "My dear boy," said Lord Henry, smiling, "anybody can be good in the country. She was quite beautiful and wonderfully like Sibyl Vane. She was simply a girl in a village. I am quite sure that I loved her. We were to have gone away together this morning at dawn. Suddenly I determined to leave her as flowerlike as I had found her." "The people are still discussing poor Basil's disappearance." They have had my own divorce-case and Alan Campbell's suicide. If he is dead, I don't want to think about him. Death is the only thing that ever terrifies me. Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away. The house is rather lonely without her. Lord Henry yawned. Why should he have been murdered? said the younger man. It is not in you, Dorian, to commit a murder. anything becomes a pleasure if one does it too often," cried Lord Henry, laughing. It had lost an ideal. When you and he ceased to be great friends, he ceased to be a great artist. If so, he never forgave you. Did you advertise for it? Lord Henry laughed. "By the way, Dorian," he said after a pause, "'what does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose--how does the quotation run?--his own soul'?" The music jarred, and Dorian Gray started and stared at his friend. The soul is a terrible reality. You are really wonderful, Dorian. To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable. They seem in front of me. I wish I could change places with you, Dorian. You are the type of what the age is searching for, and what it is afraid it has found. Life has been your art. Dorian rose up from the piano and passed his hand through his hair. I shan't go to the club. "You cannot change to me, Dorian," said Lord Henry. The park is quite lovely now. As he reached the door, he hesitated for a moment, as if he had something more to say. Then he sighed and went out. He heard one of them whisper to the other, "That is Dorian Gray." It was the living death of his own soul that troubled him. Basil had painted the portrait that had marred his life. Basil had said things to him that were unbearable, and that he had yet borne with patience. As for Alan Campbell, his suicide had been his own act. It was nothing to him. As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder if the portrait in the locked room had changed. He took the lamp from the table and crept upstairs. He could see no change, save that in the eyes there was a look of cunning and in the mouth the curved wrinkle of the hypocrite. It seemed to have crept like a horrible disease over the wrinkled fingers. There was blood on the painted feet, as though the thing had dripped--blood even on the hand that had not held the knife. He felt that the idea was monstrous. Besides, even if he did confess, who would believe him? His sin? The death of Basil Hallward seemed very little to him. He was thinking of Hetty Merton. At least he thought so. ... No. Never. He would destroy it. He looked round and saw the knife that had stabbed Basil Hallward. It would kill the past, and when that was dead, he would be free. He seized the thing, and stabbed the picture with it. There was a cry heard, and a crash. They walked on till they met a policeman and brought him back. asked the elder of the two gentlemen. Finally, after vainly trying to force the door, they got on the roof and dropped down on to the balcony. When they entered, they found hanging upon the wall a splendid portrait of their master as they had last seen him, in all the wonder of his exquisite youth and beauty.
"Too much of yourself in it! asked Lord Henry, walking across the studio towards Basil Hallward. After a pause, Lord Henry pulled out his watch. "Harry," said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face, "every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter. The sitter is merely the accident, the occasion. It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself. Lord Henry laughed. he asked. I turned half-way round and saw Dorian Gray for the first time. Something seemed to tell me that I was on the verge of a terrible crisis in my life. "And how did Lady Brandon describe this wonderful young man?" "Every day. I see everything in him. That is all." "Then why won't you exhibit his portrait?" "Because, without intending it, I have put into it some expression of all this curious artistic idolatry, of which, of course, I have never cared to speak to him. The painter considered for a few moments. "Days in summer, Basil, are apt to linger," murmured Lord Henry. He pictured to himself with silent amusement the tedious luncheon that he had missed by staying so long with Basil Hallward. "Where I heard the name of Dorian Gray." It was at my aunt, Lady Agatha's. She told me she had discovered a wonderful young man who was going to help her in the East End, and that his name was Dorian Gray. The man bowed and went up the walk. Then he looked at Lord Henry. "He has a simple and a beautiful nature. Don't try to influence him.
 As they entered they saw Dorian Gray. No wonder Basil Hallward worshipped him. And Lord Henry flung himself down on the divan and opened his cigarette-case. Lord Henry smiled and looked at Dorian Gray. Ask him to stay. I beg you to stay." Dorian Gray stepped up on the dais with the air of a young Greek martyr, and made a little _moue_ of discontent to Lord Henry, to whom he had rather taken a fancy. After a few moments he said to him, "Have you really a very bad influence, Lord Henry? As bad as Basil says?" They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self. It seemed to him that he had been walking in fire. With his subtle smile, Lord Henry watched him. He had merely shot an arrow into the air. "I will go out to the garden with you. He came close to him and put his hand upon his shoulder. It was absurd to be frightened. Live! Be always searching for new sensations. Youth! As they entered the studio, Dorian Gray put his hand upon Lord Henry's arm. "It is the finest portrait of modern times. "Of course he likes it," said Lord Henry. But this picture will remain always young. I would give my soul for that!" he cried, "don't talk like that. Oh, if it were only the other way! "Don't, Basil, don't!" Man is many things, but he is not rational. cried Dorian Gray; "and I don't allow people to call me a silly boy." "Let us go to the theatre to-night," said Lord Henry. "Before which Dorian? "I should like to come to the theatre with you, Lord Henry," said the lad. "How wonderful, Basil!" "That is something." Good-bye, Dorian. "And ...
 At half-past twelve next day Lord Henry Wotton strolled from Curzon Street over to the Albany to call on his uncle, Lord Fermor, a genial if somewhat rough-mannered old bachelor, whom the outside world called selfish because it derived no particular benefit from him, but who was considered generous by Society as he fed the people who amused him. When Lord Henry entered the room, he found his uncle sitting in a rough shooting-coat, smoking a cheroot and grumbling over _The Times_. "Mr. Dorian Gray? All the women of that family were. The men were a poor lot, but, egad! grumbled the old gentleman. Lord Henry shook his head. "It is. So that was the story of Dorian Gray's parentage. The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man. ...  And Basil? He would make that wonderful spirit his own. "I do, Lord Henry," murmured Mr. Erskine, with a smile. "But they are so unhappy in Whitechapel," continued Lady Agatha. "I can sympathize with everything except suffering," said Lord Henry, shrugging his shoulders. "I cannot sympathize with that. One should sympathize with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. "Quite so," answered the young lord. he asked. He thought for a moment. He charmed his listeners out of themselves, and they followed his pipe, laughing. I have to call for my husband at the club, to take him to some absurd meeting at Willis's Rooms, where he is going to be in the chair. Lord Henry laughed and rose.
 One afternoon, a month later, Dorian Gray was reclining in a luxurious arm-chair, in the little library of Lord Henry's house in Mayfair. It is only his wife. But he has been most pleasant. "Who are you in love with?" asked Lord Henry after a pause. "Her name is Sibyl Vane." "Harry, how can you?" You filled me with a wild desire to know everything about life. He was such a monster. Faithfulness is to the emotional life what consistency is to the life of the intellect--simply a confession of failure. It was Romeo and Juliet. She was the loveliest thing I had ever seen in my life. Night after night I go to see her play. But an actress! But I am much obliged for the compliment, all the same. Sibyl Vane is sacred!" "By this time, however, the lights were being put out in the theatre, and I had to go. Now I want to know about the girl." He shook his head. "When is she Sibyl Vane?" Hectic spots of red burned on his cheeks. "That would be impossible, my dear boy." Or shall I write to him?" "Dear Basil! Lord Henry smiled. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. Imogen is waiting for me. Human life--that appeared to him the one thing worth investigating. While Lord Henry sat dreaming on these things, a knock came to the door, and his valet entered and reminded him it was time to dress for dinner. He opened it and found it was from Dorian Gray. It was to tell him that he was engaged to be married to Sibyl Vane.
"Happy!" Love is more than money." Sibyl Vane tossed her head and laughed. Her prince, Prince Charming, was with her. He was not so finely bred as his sister. Mrs. Vane fixed her eyes on him and intensified her smile. Mother, you must watch over her." Is that right? "No," answered his mother with a placid expression in her face. James Vane bit his lip. "Watch over Sibyl, Mother," he cried, "watch over her." Of course, if this gentleman is wealthy, there is no reason why she should not contract an alliance with him. "Come, Sibyl," said her brother impatiently. He hated his mother's affectations. She was thinking of Prince Charming, and, that she might think of him all the more, she did not talk of him, but prattled on about the ship in which Jim was going to sail, about the gold he was certain to find, about the wonderful heiress whose life he was to save from the wicked, red-shirted bushrangers. He must be sure, also, to write to her by every mail, and to say his prayers each night before he went to sleep. His mother! Poor dreadful Mr. Isaacs will be shouting 'genius' to his loafers at the bar. Here are two chairs; let us sit down and see the smart people go by." Sibyl felt oppressed. Suddenly she caught a glimpse of golden hair and laughing lips, and in an open carriage with two ladies Dorian Gray drove past. she cried. Point him out. "He is gone," murmured Sibyl sadly. "For ever, too!" Were you married to my father?" An oath broke from his lips. Don't forget that you will have only one child now to look after, and believe me that if this man wrongs my sister, I will find out who he is, track him down, and kill him like a dog. She would have liked to have continued the scene on the same emotional scale, but he cut her short.
said Lord Henry that evening as Hallward was shown into a little private room at the Bristol where dinner had been laid for three. he cried. "To whom?" "But think of Dorian's birth, and position, and wealth. It would be absurd for him to marry so much beneath him." "If you want to make him marry this girl, tell him that, Basil. "Dorian says she is beautiful, and he is not often wrong about things of that kind. Your portrait of him has quickened his appreciation of the personal appearance of other people. "Quite serious, Basil. Lord Henry laughed. As for a spoiled life, no life is spoiled but one whose growth is arrested. But here is Dorian himself. said the lad, throwing off his evening cape with its satin-lined wings and shaking each of his friends by the hand in turn. Sibyl was playing Rosalind. But Sibyl! Lord Henry sipped his champagne in a meditative manner. His nature is too fine for that." Lord Henry looked across the table. I love Sibyl Vane. All your theories, in fact, Harry." suggested the painter. "What sort of ways, Basil?" Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "It is to adore some one." "You must admit, Harry, that women give to men the very gold of their lives." That is the worry. He felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been in the past.
Lord Henry, upon the other hand, rather liked him. "What a place to find one's divinity in!" These common rough people, with their coarse faces and brutal gestures, become quite different when she is on the stage. This marriage is quite right. The gods made Sibyl Vane for you. Harry is so cynical, he terrifies me. Dorian Gray grew pale as he watched her. The secret of remaining young is never to have an emotion that is unbecoming. Come to the club with Basil and myself. We will smoke cigarettes and drink to the beauty of Sibyl Vane. She is beautiful. There was a radiance about her. she cried. "Dorian," she answered, lingering over his name with long-drawn music in her voice, as though it were sweeter than honey to the red petals of her mouth. "Understand what?" To-night, for the first time, I became conscious that the Romeo was hideous, and old, and painted, that the moonlight in the orchard was false, that the scenery was vulgar, and that the words I had to speak were unreal, were not my words, were not what I wanted to say. My love! My love! she murmured. "Acting! He thrust her back. "Dorian, Dorian, don't leave me!" He was in jest.... But you, oh! Her tears and sobs annoyed him. After he had taken the button-hole out of his coat, he seemed to hesitate. Surely his wish had not been fulfilled? They lived on their emotions. She was nothing to him now. Suddenly there had fallen upon his brain that tiny scarlet speck that makes men mad. He would go back to Sibyl Vane, make her amends, marry her, try to love her again. His life with her would be beautiful and pure. He got up from his chair and drew a large screen right in front of the portrait, shuddering as he glanced at it. He thought only of Sibyl. He repeated her name over and over again.
 It was long past noon when he awoke. Suddenly his eye fell on the screen that he had placed in front of the portrait, and he started. First in the dim twilight, and then in the bright dawn, he had seen the touch of cruelty round the warped lips. asked the lad. I know what conscience is, to begin with. "A very charming artistic basis for ethics, Dorian! cried Lord Henry, standing up and looking at him in perplexed amazement. Dorian! Lord Henry walked across the room, and sitting down by Dorian Gray, took both his hands in his own and held them tightly. It is not true! "It is quite true, Dorian," said Lord Henry, gravely. Dorian did not answer for a few moments. "Harry, Harry, it is terrible!" And to-night I am to dine with you, and then go on to the opera, and sup somewhere, I suppose, afterwards. Sibyl! And yet I must admit that this thing that has happened does not affect me as it should. That is always a dreadful moment. "No, she will never come to life. The evening darkened in the room. After some time Dorian Gray looked up. He waited impatiently for him to go. Eternal youth, infinite passion, pleasures subtle and secret, wild joys and wilder sins--he was to have all these things. The portrait was to bear the burden of his shame: that was all. An hour later he was at the opera, and Lord Henry was leaning over his chair.
They gave the address in the paper. "Stop, Basil! cried Dorian, leaping to his feet. What is done is done. What is past is past." "Dorian, this is horrible! Something has changed you completely. You look exactly the same wonderful boy who, day after day, used to come down to my studio to sit for his picture. I see that." She passed again into the sphere of art. Dorian shook his head, and a look of annoyance passed over his face at the mention of the word "inquest." You must do me a drawing of Sibyl, Basil. "I can never sit to you again, Basil. Do take the screen away, Dorian. "My servant has nothing to do with it, Basil. A cry of terror broke from Dorian Gray's lips, and he rushed between the painter and the screen. He looked at Dorian Gray in absolute amazement. "Dorian!" "Don't speak!" "To exhibit it! He remembered that Lord Henry had said to him once, half seriously and half in jest, "If you want to have a strange quarter of an hour, get Basil to tell you why he won't exhibit your picture. He would ask him and try. "Basil!" It often seems to me that art conceals the artist far more completely than it ever reveals him. He was safe for the time. But that was all. Dorian shook his head. "Never." And now good-bye, Dorian. "You will sit to me again?" Poor Basil!
Speaking very slowly, he told him to tell the house-keeper that he wanted to see her, and then to go to the frame-maker and ask him to send two of his men round at once. He asked her for the key of the schoolroom. Dorian?" Why, it hasn't been opened for nearly five years--not since his lordship died." "Here is the key. That will do." What the worm was to the corpse, his sins would be to the painted image on the canvas. They would mar its beauty and eat away its grace. He passed out as his servant entered. Which is the work of art, sir?" I am afraid it is right at the top of the house. "Something of a load to carry, sir," gasped the little man when they reached the top landing. But there was no other place in the house so secure from prying eyes as this. No one could see it. He felt a little annoyed with Lord Henry for having sent him the report. Dorian Gray had not killed her. His eye fell on the yellow book that Lord Henry had sent him. After a few minutes he became absorbed. It was a novel without a plot and with only one character, being, indeed, simply a psychological study of a certain young Parisian who spent his life trying to realize in the nineteenth century all the passions and modes of thought that belonged to every century except his own, and to sum up, as it were, in himself the various moods through which the world-spirit had ever passed, loving for their mere artificiality those renunciations that men have unwisely called virtue, as much as those natural rebellions that wise men still call sin. It was a poisonous book. There is a great difference."
 For years, Dorian Gray could not free himself from the influence of this book. He procured from Paris no less than nine large-paper copies of the first edition, and had them bound in different colours, so that they might suit his various moods and the changing fancies of a nature over which he seemed, at times, to have almost entirely lost control. He had always the look of one who had kept himself unspotted from the world. He grew more and more enamoured of his own beauty, more and more interested in the corruption of his own soul. He mocked the misshapen body and the failing limbs. Of the asceticism that deadens the senses, as of the vulgar profligacy that dulls them, it was to know nothing. The fantastic character of these instruments fascinated him, and he felt a curious delight in the thought that art, like Nature, has her monsters, things of bestial shape and with hideous voices. Then he turned his attention to embroideries and to the tapestries that performed the office of frescoes in the chill rooms of the northern nations of Europe. The mere thought made him cold with horror. Was it young Herbert's life that he sometimes led? What of George Willoughby, with his powdered hair and fantastic patches? He had got from her his beauty, and his passion for the beauty of others.
 It was on the ninth of November, the eve of his own thirty-eighth birthday, as he often remembered afterwards. Dorian recognized him. It was Basil Hallward. A strange sense of fear, for which he could not account, came over him. But Hallward had seen him. "Dorian! I have something to say to you." Dorian looked at him and smiled. He is a most hospitable creature. "What is it all about?" he murmured. "I don't wish to know anything about them. Sin is a thing that writes itself across a man's face. People talk sometimes of secret vices. There are no such things. His life is dreadful. Why is it that so many gentlemen in London will neither go to your house or invite you to theirs? There was that wretched boy in the Guards who committed suicide. You and he were inseparable. "Stop, Basil. Did I teach the one his vices, and the other his debauchery? Let it be for good, not for evil. "To see my soul!" But only God can do that." He stamped his foot upon the ground in his boyish insolent manner. "Yes," he continued, coming closer to him and looking steadfastly into his stern eyes, "I shall show you my soul. You shall see the thing that you fancy only God can see." he cried. "You must give me some answer to these horrible charges that are made against you. Deny them, Dorian, deny them! "Come upstairs, Basil," he said quietly.
 He passed out of the room and began the ascent, Basil Hallward following close behind. Draw that curtain back, and you will see mine." He seemed to recognize his own brushwork, and the frame was his own design. He seized the lighted candle, and held it to the picture. There was simply the passion of the spectator, with perhaps a flicker of triumph in his eyes. the thing is impossible. The room is damp. This is the face of a satyr." Hallward turned again to the portrait and gazed at it. What an awful lesson!" "Pray, Dorian, pray," he murmured. I worshipped you too much. I am punished for it. "It is too late, Basil," he faltered. "It is never too late, Dorian. Then he threw the knife on the table, and listened. He opened the door and went out on the landing. No one was about. It was merely the sound of his own footsteps. When he reached the library, he saw the bag and coat in the corner. He unlocked a secret press that was in the wainscoting, a press in which he kept his own curious disguises, and put them into it. After a few moments he drew back the latch and slipped out, shutting the door very gently behind him. "I am sorry to have had to wake you up, Francis," he said, stepping in; "but I had forgotten my latch-key.
 At nine o'clock the next morning his servant came in with a cup of chocolate on a tray and opened the shutters. Gradually the events of the preceding night crept with silent, blood-stained feet into his brain and reconstructed themselves there with terrible distinctness. Such hideous things were for the darkness, not for the day. When he had stretched himself on the sofa, he looked at the title-page of the book. Poor Basil! What if Alan Campbell should be out of England? He was an extremely clever young man, though he had no real appreciation of the visible arts, and whatever little sense of the beauty of poetry he possessed he had gained entirely from Dorian. Then, suddenly, time stopped for him. "Mr. Campbell, sir," said the man. "Ask him to come in at once, Francis." But you said it was a matter of life and death." He has been dead ten hours now. This one will have to interest you. "You are mad, Dorian." I was waiting for you to call me Dorian." Don't come to me." don't think of that. "Is there a fire in the room upstairs?" "Yes, there is a gas-fire with asbestos." Then he rang the bell and gave it to his valet, with orders to return as soon as possible and to bring the things with him. what a life that is! he asked Campbell. "No trouble, sir. Dorian looked at Campbell. Campbell frowned and bit his lip. You can have the evening to yourself. Dorian half opened the door. What was that loathsome red dew that gleamed, wet and glistening, on one of the hands, as though the canvas had sweated blood? He heard Campbell bringing in the heavy chest, and the irons, and the other things that he had required for his dreadful work. There was a horrible smell of nitric acid in the room.
He himself could not help wondering at the calm of his demeanour, and for a moment felt keenly the terrible pleasure of a double life. Her guests this evening were rather tedious. There has not been a scandal in the neighbourhood since the time of Queen Elizabeth, and consequently they all fall asleep after dinner. "Dorian," said Lord Henry at last, as the _chaud-froid_ was being handed round, "what is the matter with you to-night? "I believe he is in love," cried Lady Narborough, "and that he is afraid to tell me for fear I should be jealous. cried Dorian. "But her third husband, Lord Henry! When a man says that one knows that life has exhausted him. "What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!" exclaimed Lord Henry. "You must come and explain that to me some afternoon, Lord Henry. "Now, mind you don't stay too long over your politics and scandal," cried Lady Narborough from the door. A smile curved Lord Henry's lips, and he turned round and looked at Dorian. "Is Monmouth to be there, too?" asked Dorian. "I like him," said Lord Henry. Then he bit his lip. I am irritable, and out of temper. I shan't go upstairs. I shall go home. I must go home." He hated the idea of even touching them. He piled another log on it. The smell of the singeing clothes and burning leather was horrible. A triangular drawer passed slowly out. He hailed it and in a low voice gave the driver an address.
Once the man lost his way and had to drive back half a mile. "To cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul!" He hated them. At the end of the hall hung a tattered green curtain that swayed and shook in the gusty wind which had followed him in from the street. muttered Dorian. "Where else should I be?" The presence of Adrian Singleton troubled him. Dorian shrugged his shoulders. "Never mind." Dorian walked to the door with a look of pain in his face. "There goes the devil's bargain!" "Prince Charming is what you like to be called, ain't it?" The drowsy sailor leaped to his feet as she spoke, and looked wildly round. Callous, concentrated on evil, with stained mind, and soul hungry for rebellion, Dorian Gray hastened on, quickening his step as he went, but as he darted aside into a dim archway, that had served him often as a short cut to the ill-famed place where he was going, he felt himself suddenly seized from behind, and before he had time to defend himself, he was thrust back against the wall, with a brutal hand round his throat. Her death is at your door. For years I have sought you. Dorian did not know what to say or do. growled the man. That's all." Dorian's arms fell to his side. "Eighteen years," said the man. "Eighteen years! Then he seized Dorian Gray and dragged him from the archway. It was obvious that this was not the man who had destroyed her life. cried James Vane. He is the worst one that comes here. They say he has sold himself to the devil for a pretty face.
 A week later Dorian Gray was sitting in the conservatory at Selby Royal, talking to the pretty Duchess of Monmouth, who with her husband, a jaded-looking man of sixty, was amongst his guests. "I won't hear of it," laughed Lord Henry, sinking into a chair. You value beauty far too much." cried the duchess. "Love?" "Like all good reputations, Gladys," interrupted Lord Henry. cried Lord Henry. The duchess sighed. They fought for a woman." And with fear in his eyes, Lord Henry rushed through the flapping palms to find Dorian Gray lying face downwards on the tiled floor in a deathlike swoon. There was a wild recklessness of gaiety in his manner as he sat at table, but now and then a thrill of terror ran through him when he remembered that, pressed against the window of the conservatory, like a white handkerchief, he had seen the face of James Vane watching him.
 The next day he did not leave the house, and, indeed, spent most of the time in his own room, sick with a wild terror of dying, and yet indifferent to life itself. Besides, had any stranger been prowling round the house, he would have been seen by the servants or the keepers. It was not till the third day that he ventured to go out. After breakfast, he walked with the duchess for an hour in the garden and then drove across the park to join the shooting-party. Dorian strolled along by his side. There were two cries heard, the cry of a hare in pain, which is dreadful, the cry of a man in agony, which is worse. "A man is hurt." Where is he?" Is the man ...?" "He got the whole charge of shot in his chest. asked Lord Henry. It was the man's own fault. But there is no use talking about the matter." Dorian shook his head. "It is a bad omen, Harry. I must tell them that the subject is to be tabooed. Destiny does not send us heralds. She is too wise or too cruel for that. I suppose he wants to ask you what flowers you wish to have on the table to-night. laughed Lord Henry. "The basis of every scandal is an immoral certainty," said Lord Henry, lighting a cigarette. "I wish I could love," cried Dorian Gray with a deep note of pathos in his voice. I am too much concentrated on myself. My own personality has become a burden to me. On a yacht one is safe." And it seems that you asked him not to shoot the hare. cried the duchess. As the glass door closed behind Dorian, Lord Henry turned and looked at the duchess with his slumberous eyes. He shook his head. As he was putting it into the envelope, a knock came to the door, and his valet informed him that the head-keeper wished to see him. As soon as the man entered, Dorian pulled his chequebook out of a drawer and spread it out before him. "Don't know who he is?" "A sailor?" Dorian started to his feet. "The Home Farm! Something seemed to tell him that the body was there, and he hurried to the door and put his hand upon the latch. "Take that thing off the face. The man who had been shot in the thicket was James Vane. As he rode home, his eyes were full of tears, for he knew he was safe.
"My dear boy," said Lord Henry, smiling, "anybody can be good in the country. I want to be better. I am going to be better. They have had my own divorce-case and Alan Campbell's suicide. After the coffee had been brought in, he stopped, and looking over at Lord Henry, said, "Harry, did it ever occur to you that Basil was murdered?" Lord Henry yawned. "What would you say, Harry, if I told you that I had murdered Basil?" It is not in you, Dorian, to commit a murder. But let us pass from poor Basil. Lord Henry laughed. "By the way, Dorian," he said after a pause, "'what does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose--how does the quotation run?--his own soul'?" The music jarred, and Dorian Gray started and stared at his friend. That is all. As I passed by, I heard the man yelling out that question to his audience. The soul is a terrible reality. That is the fatality of faith, and the lesson of romance. And it has all been to you no more than the sound of music. Don't spoil it by renunciations. Dorian rose up from the piano and passed his hand through his hair. "Yes, life has been exquisite," he murmured, "but I am not going to have the same life, Harry. As for being poisoned by a book, there is no such thing as that. Art has no influence upon action. The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame. He heard one of them whisper to the other, "That is Dorian Gray." All his failure had been due to that. The phrases came back to his memory, and he repeated them over and over to himself. But for those two things, his life might have been free from stain. It was of himself, and of his own future, that he had to think. Basil had painted the portrait that had marred his life. He could not forgive him that. A new life! As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder if the portrait in the locked room had changed. He could see no change, save that in the eyes there was a look of cunning and in the mouth the curved wrinkle of the hypocrite. He felt that the idea was monstrous. The world would simply say that he was mad. He shrugged his shoulders. The death of Basil Hallward seemed very little to him. Hypocrisy? He would destroy it. There was a cry heard, and a crash. Finally, after vainly trying to force the door, they got on the roof and dropped down on to the balcony. Lying on the floor was a dead man, in evening dress, with a knife in his heart. It was not till they had examined the rings that they recognized who it was.
He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull. He was spotlessly neat, apparelled in immaculate white from shoes to hat, and in the various Eastern ports where he got his living as ship-chandler's water-clerk he was very popular. Later on the bill is sent in. It is a beautiful and humane occupation. When a water-clerk who possesses Ability in the abstract has also the advantage of having been brought up to the sea, he is worth to his employer a lot of money and some humouring. When the fact broke through the incognito he would leave suddenly the seaport where he happened to be at the time and go to another--generally farther east. Afterwards, when his keen perception of the Intolerable drove him away for good from seaports and white men, even into the virgin forest, the Malays of the jungle village, where he had elected to conceal his deplorable faculty, added a word to the monosyllable of his incognito. They called him Tuan Jim: as one might say--Lord Jim. He leaped to his feet. 'Collision. 'Too late, youngster.' The captain smiled sympathetically. This will teach you to be smart.' Not a particle of fear was left. Nevertheless he brooded apart that evening while the bowman of the cutter--a boy with a face like a girl's and big grey eyes--was the hero of the lower deck. and turned up his eyes. After two years of training he went to sea, and entering the regions so well known to his imagination, found them strangely barren of adventure. Yet he could not go back, because there is nothing more enticing, disenchanting, and enslaving than the life at sea. He was gentlemanly, steady, tractable, with a thorough knowledge of his duties; and in time, when yet very young, he became chief mate of a fine ship, without ever having been tested by those events of the sea that show in the light of day the inner worth of a man, the edge of his temper, and the fibre of his stuff; that reveal the quality of his resistance and the secret truth of his pretences, not only to others but also to himself. The Patna was a local steamer as old as the hills, lean like a greyhound, and eaten up with rust worse than a condemned water-tank. An Arab, the leader of that pious voyage, came last. The five whites on board lived amidships, isolated from the human cargo. At such times his thoughts would be full of valorous deeds: he loved these dreams and the success of his imaginary achievements. growled the German stolidly. 'Drink!' 'Not from you, captain. The fury of the New South Wales German was extreme; he puffed like an exhaust-pipe, and Jim, faintly amused by the scene, was impatient for the time when he could get below: the last ten minutes of the watch were irritating like a gun that hangs fire; those men did not belong to the world of heroic adventure; they weren't bad chaps though. The second engineer was coming by easy transitions to the consideration of his finances and of his courage. A faint noise as of thunder, of thunder infinitely remote, less than a sound, hardly more than a vibration, passed slowly, and the ship quivered in response, as if the thunder had growled deep down in the water.
The illustration was good: the questions were aiming at facts, and the official Inquiry was being held in the police court of an Eastern port. Facts! asked the assessor sitting to the left. I knew then there must be a big hole below the water-line.' That rotten bulkhead'll give way in a minute, and the damned thing will go down under us like a lump of lead." . and "infernal steam!" Jim answered another question and was tempted to cry out, 'What's the good of this! what's the good!' He met the eyes of the white man. Perhaps it would be after dinner, on a verandah draped in motionless foliage and crowned with flowers, in the deep dusk speckled by fiery cigar-ends. 'Talk? 'My eyes met his for the first time at that inquiry. The whole waterside talked of nothing else. Captain Elliot is the man you want to see. what's up? "The master of the Patna, sir," he shouts. Archie's the most sensitive shipping-master in the two hemispheres. This was my first view of Jim. is he callous? And note, I did not care a rap about the behaviour of the other two. I liked his appearance; I knew his appearance; he came from the right place; he was one of us. How much? To my great surprise the other one, the long individual with drooping white moustache, had also found his way there. He was so extremely calm, that I began to indulge in the eccentric hope of hearing something explanatory of the famous affair from his point of view. I saw her go down." he asked. The ship was full of them. 's of the worst kind. he is a tough object. Is his evidence material, you think?"
The inquiry was not adjourned. The magistrate was very patient. Brierly was the other. Big Brierly. Some of you must have heard of Big Brierly--the captain of the crack ship of the Blue Star line. That's the man. The verdict must have been of unmitigated guilt, and he took the secret of the evidence with him in that leap into the sea. It appears that when he came on deck in the morning Brierly had been writing in the chart-room. Jones.' Captain Brierly looks at the compass and then all round. On the bridge, boy! Who can tell what flattering view he had induced himself to take of his own suicide? Why?" "If he had been poor and old and in debt--and never a show--or else mad. 'Of course the recollection of my last conversation with Brierly is tinged with the knowledge of his end that followed so close upon it. I spoke with him for the last time during the progress of the inquiry. Brierly went on: "This is a disgrace. We aren't an organised body of men, and the only thing that holds us together is just the name for that kind of decency. This was the second day of the proceedings. Not that he was actively threatening me. said Jim at last. There had never been a man so mercilessly shown up by his own natural impulse. 'This opened suddenly a new view of him to my wonder. I had been staying at the Malabar House for a few days, and on my pressing invitation he dined with me there. And all the time I had before me these blue, boyish eyes looking straight into mine, this young face, these capable shoulders, the open bronzed forehead with a white line under the roots of clustering fair hair, this appearance appealing at sight to all my sympathies: this frank aspect, the artless smile, the youthful seriousness. He was of the right sort; he was one of us. "He has seen it all in the home papers by this time," said Jim. He had penetrated to the very heart--to the very heart. He told me that his first impulse was to shout and straightway make all those people leap out of sleep into terror; but such an overwhelming sense of his helplessness came over him that he was not able to produce a sound. The idea of it was simply terrible. They _were_ dead! The only distinct thought formed, vanishing, and re-forming in his brain, was: eight hundred people and seven boats; eight hundred people and seven boats.
He knew his duty. "Water, water! We were under the bridge, in the dark. He vanished. well! When I got on the bridge at last the beggars were getting one of the boats off the chocks. I flung him away, he skidded along the bridge and knocked the legs from under the little chap--the second. '"That's what he said. 'Aren't you going to do something?' Clear out,' he snarled over his shoulder. Hang it--to do a thing like that you must believe there is a chance, one in a thousand, at least, some ghost of a chance; and you would not have believed. 'Who? He had been taken unawares--and he whispered to himself a malediction upon the waters and the firmament, upon the ship, upon the men. 'He stood on the starboard side of the bridge, as far as he could get from the struggle for the boat, which went on with the agitation of madness and the stealthiness of a conspiracy. to the ocean. He did not believe it now. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. They stood idle for a moment, and suddenly the chief engineer rushed again at Jim. But that was all over anyhow. He had intended to cut the lifeboats clear of the ship. The others gave up Jim at once and ran off to assist. The boat was clear. He told me that each time he closed his eyes a flash of thought showed him that crowd of bodies, laid out for death, as plain as daylight. What would you have done? This shaft had also gone wide of the mark, and he was not the man to bother about stray arrows. Jump! "It seems," he added. It would never happen again. "There was no going back. Nothing could be more true: he had indeed jumped into an everlasting deep hole. The sea hissed "like twenty thousand kettles." He saw just one yellow gleam of the mast-head light high up and blurred like a last star ready to dissolve. He fought down that impulse and then he became conscious of the silence. Some of them sat in the stern-sheets. "They were after me," he said. by the name of George." howls the skipper from the other end of the boat. It made them mad. "All the time--that notion. Would they? into that boat--I . All in the same boat. George had gone back to his berth for something at the last moment and got caught. The man was a manifest fool. The sun could not make me mad. I was thinking just then that I wouldn't." "Do you mean to say you had been deliberating with yourself whether you would die?"
And he had been deliberating upon death--confound him! And at the time . Don't you see what I mean by the solidarity of the craft? I was aggrieved against him, as though he had cheated me--me!--of a splendid opportunity to keep up the illusion of my beginnings, as though he had robbed our common life of the last spark of its glamour. But I had plenty of time and any amount of light in that boat. They had done enough. '"What do _you_ believe?" . We had only to sit and wait." 'After a long interval, he said, "They told their story." he asked, in the same low tone. Stopped the ship. Sank like lead. The story didn't matter." blown along with the drizzle. 'The Patna . French gunboat . Imagination. '"And I had heard nothing! This question of the lights being lost sight of when the boat could not have been more than a quarter of a mile from the ship was a matter for much discussion. Jim stuck to it that there was nothing to be seen after the first shower had cleared away; and the others had affirmed the same thing to the officers of the Avondale. They were also very much struck by discovering a white man, dead and curled up peacefully on the bridge. And I am the only seaman here. And yet it has made its way out! Nobody in the gunboat knew enough English to get hold of the story as told by the serang. They had directed their course, he pursued, to the nearest English port "naturellement," where their responsibility ceased, "Dieu merci." I stayed on that ship thirty hours. They delivered their charge to the "port authorities," as he expressed it. He was struck by the calmness with which it had been received. how the time passes!" "And so that poor young man ran away along with the others," he said, with grave tranquillity. But somehow this simple statement of the matter sounded funny in French. And suddenly I began to admire the discrimination of the man. He touched his breast near a brass button, on the very spot where Jim had given a thump to his own when protesting that there was nothing the matter with his heart. "That is so," he resumed placidly. The young man in question might have had the best dispositions--the best dispositions," he repeated, wheezing a little. "Serviteur," said the Frenchman. He was then working for De Jongh, on my recommendation. One of the hands told me, hiding a smile at the recollection, "It was for all the world, sir, like a naughty youngster fighting with his mother." And this is the reason why I could never feel I had done with Jim for good. Our communion in the night was uncommonly like a last vigil with a condemned man. Why! He was running.
One missed the obligatory thread of smoke in the foreground and the pack-animals grazing. This is how I looked at it that morning--and even now I seem to see an undeniable vestige of truth in that exaggerated view of a common occurrence. The next point, I remember, was, whether up to the time of the accident the ship had been navigated with proper and seamanlike care. mate . certificates cancelled." '"Man overboard," said a deep voice behind me. Turning round, I saw a fellow I knew slightly, a West Australian; Chester was his name. He had been pearler, wrecker, trader, whaler too, I believe; in his own words--anything and everything a man may be at sea, but a pirate. "Takes it to heart?" That's the man. He is with me in that guano thing. He put his lips to my ear. You remember the story? That's the man for me." Friend of mine, Captain Robinson." 'An emaciated patriarch in a suit of white drill, a solah topi with a green-lined rim on a head trembling with age, joined us after crossing the street in a trotting shuffle, and stood propped with both hands on the handle of an umbrella. Ask Captain Robinson here. But I didn't. 'He poked the ribs of his partner. "He! he!" he! . The good time is coming." I'll give him a job on my island." "He would just have done for me. A feeble burst of many voices mingled with the tinkle of silver and glass floated up from the dining-room below; through the open door the outer edge of the light from my candle fell on his back faintly; beyond all was black; he stood on the brink of a vast obscurity, like a lonely figure by the shore of a sombre and hopeless ocean. Even the law had done with him. There was nothing but myself between him and the dark ocean. I had a sense of responsibility. And why the devil not? He was not clear. And there is a suspicion he was not clear to himself either. An air of indomitable resolution came and went upon his face like a vain and passing shadow. "That isn't the thing," was the comment that escaped him under his breath. "On every conceivable ground," I concluded, "you must let me help you." "The money . . And perhaps he is, after all). "Look at the letter I want you to take. "It is noble of you!" and then his voice seemed to break. He stood stock-still, as if struck motionless by a discovery. It seemed to me on reading this letter that my friend had found in his heart more than tolerance for Jim--that there were the beginnings of active liking. Is it much worse? 'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. But it is always that hundredth chance! That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. "I am now for the time with Egstrom & Blake, ship-chandlers, as their--well--runner, to call the thing by its right name. He threw himself into a chair and stared down his legs. 'Don't you be uneasy, sir,' he says. . 'Jim was silent for a while. "More like a father," he cried; his voice sank. "They are very decent to me here," said Jim. "Jim!" I heard outside Egstrom's deep gentle voice saying cheerily, "That's the Sarah W. Granger, Jimmy. He has left us. "He left--let's see--the very day a steamer with returning pilgrims from the Red Sea put in here with two blades of her propeller gone. Three weeks ago now." "Wasn't there something said about the Patna case?" Vanlo's manager winks at us and asks, 'What's the matter, Captain O'Brien?' It's a disgrace to human natur'--that's what it is. 'Skunks!' It stinks here now.' Egstrom & Blake! The other ship-chandlers just kept their old customers, and . 'Egstrom appeared overcome with emotion. 'What is it you're running away from?' 'Who has been getting at you? 'Well, if you're in such a hurry, here's luck to you in your own drink,' says I; 'only, you mark my words, if you keep up this game you'll very soon find that the earth ain't big enough to hold you--that's all.'
There was always a doubt of his courage. (Yucker Brothers had concessions and teak forests in the interior.) But what dismayed him was to find the nature of his burden as well known to everybody as though he had gone about all that time carrying it on his shoulders. . he said suddenly, "this is killing work." 'This Stein was a wealthy and respected merchant. His "house" (because it was a house, Stein & Co., and there was some sort of partner who, as Stein said, "looked after the Moluccas") had a large inter-island business, with a lot of trading posts established in the most out-of-the-way places for collecting the produce. The gentle light of a simple, unwearied, as it were, and intelligent good-nature illumined his long hairless face. The glass cases containing the collection of butterflies were ranged in three long rows upon slender-legged little tables. His history was curious. He had been born in Bavaria, and when a youth of twenty-two had taken an active part in the revolutionary movement of 1848. They travelled in the Archipelago together and separately, collecting insects and birds, for four years or more. Then the naturalist went home, and Stein, having no home to go to, remained with an old trader he had come across in his journeys in the interior of Celebes--if Celebes may be said to have an interior. This old Scotsman, the only white man allowed to reside in the country at the time, was a privileged friend of the chief ruler of Wajo States, who was a woman. I often heard Stein relate how that chap, who was slightly paralysed on one side, had introduced him to the native court a short time before another stroke carried him off. Shortly afterwards the old queen, who was so free in her speech, died, and the country became disturbed by various pretenders to the throne. Stein joined the party of a younger son, the one of whom thirty years later he never spoke otherwise but as "my poor Mohammed Bonso." He owned a small fleet of schooners and native craft, and dealt in island produce on a large scale. For the rest he lived solitary, but not misanthropic, with his books and his collection, classing and arranging specimens, corresponding with entomologists in Europe, writing up a descriptive catalogue of his treasures. Such was the history of the man whom I had come to consult upon Jim's case without any definite hope. You don't know what it is for a collector to capture such a rare specimen. Look at the form of the wing. '"Yes, my good friend. '"Butterfly?" "A man!" He is romantic." '"There is only one remedy! "Yes," said I, "strictly speaking, the question is not how to get cured, but how to live." "He wants to be a saint, and he wants to be a devil--and every time he shuts his eyes he sees himself as a very fine fellow--so fine as he can never be. In a dream. . "That was the way. When at last I broke the silence it was to express the opinion that no one could be more romantic than himself. said Stein, rising. "And that is very bad--very bad. "Evident! 'I don't suppose any of you have ever heard of Patusan?' It was Jim who went there. . "And the woman is dead now," he added incomprehensibly. Who was the woman he had mentioned in connection with Patusan I can't say; but from his allusions I understand she had been an educated and very good-looking Dutch-Malay girl, with a tragic or perhaps only a pitiful history, whose most painful part no doubt was her marriage with a Malacca Portuguese who had been clerk in some commercial house in the Dutch colonies. It was solely for his wife's sake that Stein had appointed him manager of Stein & Co.'s trading post in Patusan; but commercially the arrangement was not a success, at any rate for the firm, and now the woman had died, Stein was disposed to try another agent there. This man Jim would have to relieve. "That has nothing to do with me. The spirit of the land, as becomes the ruler of great enterprises, is careless of innumerable lives. Woe to the stragglers! Even Stein could say no more than that he was romantic. And what business had he to be romantic? 'In Patusan they had found lots of pepper, and had been impressed by the magnificence and the wisdom of the Sultan; but somehow, after a century of chequered intercourse, the country seems to drop gradually out of the trade. That is where and how he received us when, accompanied by Jim, I paid him a visit of ceremony. He appeared like a creature not only of another kind but of another essence. As a matter of fact I did not do it justice; his first day in Patusan was nearly his last--would have been his last if he had not been so reckless or so hard on himself and had condescended to load that revolver. And it was Stein, Stein the merchant, who .
He had been kept to dinner and for the night. He had in his pocket a letter for Cornelius ("the Johnnie who's going to get the sack," he explained, with a momentary drop in his elation), and he exhibited with glee a silver ring, such as natives use, worn down very thin and showing faint traces of chasing. 'This was his introduction to an old chap called Doramin--one of the principal men out there--a big pot--who had been Mr. Stein's friend in that country where he had all these adventures. That chap Doramin had given him the ring. Sort of promising eternal friendship. Mr. Stein could not tell. The ring! The ring! There! He seemed to catch sight of my face for the first time, and it steadied him a little. I saw three books in the tumble; two small, in dark covers, and a thick green-and-gold volume--a half-crown complete Shakespeare. "You read this?" A heavy revolver and two small boxes of cartridges were lying on the cuddy-table. Patusan." He would take the gentleman to the mouth of the river at Batu Kring (Patusan town "being situated internally," he remarked, "thirty miles"). Such a state of affairs belonged already to ancient history, if I could believe the elderly headman of the fishing village, who came on board to act as a sort of pilot. Such was the way in which he was approaching greatness as genuine as any man ever achieved. The first thing he knew was his canoe coming to the bank. At the same time a boat full of armed men appeared on the river and came alongside his empty canoe, thus shutting off his retreat. "Anyhow it wasn't," he repeated good-humouredly, "and so I just stood still and asked them what was the matter. I too wanted to see the Rajah, and I simply walked in through the gate and--and--here I am." want to leave! Now and then, though, a word, a sentence, would escape him that showed how deeply, how solemnly, he felt about that work which had given him the certitude of rehabilitation. When Jim had done there was a great stillness. Afraid of me! Then showing me a place on the north front of the stockade where the pointed tops of several stakes were broken, "This is where I leaped over on my third day in Patusan. Good leap, eh?" A moment later we passed the mouth of a muddy creek. Would the white man like to go back down the river? He was a flying terror. Doramin!" He was only of the nakhoda or merchant class, but the respect shown to him and the dignity of his bearing were very striking. The Rajah intrigued with him feebly. Doramin restrained them with difficulty. He was growing old, and, though his influence had not diminished, the situation was getting beyond him. 'They had him late in life. Dain Waris was lying flattened by his side. He didn't bother about the result. Why, only the other day an old fool he had never seen in his life came from some village miles away to find out if he should divorce his wife. A long, long time. And the talk! 'Thus he illustrated the moral effect of his victory in war. Jim and Dain Waris were the first to lay their hands on the stakes. The popular story has it that Jim with a touch of one finger had thrown down the gate. This was a Malay from the north, a stranger who had wandered into Patusan, and had been forcibly detained by Rajah Allang as paddler of one of the state boats. He was inseparable from Jim like a morose shadow. it was immense!
After Sherif Ali his turn would come, and who could resist an attack led by such a devil? The Bugis had been extremely anxious to pay off old scores, and the impassive old Doramin cherished the hope of yet seeing his son ruler of Patusan. He too, as he protested, had an unbounded confidence in Tuan Jim's wisdom. And this brings me to the story of his love. This view mostly is right, and perhaps in this case too. Her own father had been a white; a high official; one of the brilliantly endowed men who are not dull enough to nurse a success, and whose careers so often end under a cloud. But I am sure that the mother was as much of a woman as the daughter seemed to be. "Jewel! I was struck by the name, of course; but it was not till later on that I connected it with an astonishing rumour that had met me on my journey, at a little place on the coast about 230 miles south of Patusan River. Going to Patusan? Had a permission? . See? She must be young--he sighed deeply--and insensible to the seductions of love. Her mother had taught her to read and write; she had learned a good bit of English from Jim, and she spoke it most amusingly, with his own clipping, boyish intonation. 'You must know he had left Doramin's place very soon after his arrival--much too soon, in fact, for his safety, and of course a long time before the war. At last I had to forbid him to mention his late wife at all. Thereupon he would begin to abuse the dead woman, till the girl would run off with her hands to her head. She said--Jim told me impressively--that if she had not been sure he was intensely wretched himself, she would have found the courage to kill him with her own hands. "Just fancy that! He was to be poisoned. His brain was in a whirl; but, nevertheless, it was on that very night that he matured his plan for overcoming Sherif Ali. I am going to live here, in Patusan." In the morning Cornelius made no allusion to the events of the night. Jim spent the day with the old nakhoda, preaching the necessity of vigorous action to the principal men of the Bugis community, who had been summoned for a big talk. Sherif Ali's last raid had swept the outskirts of the settlement, and some women belonging to the town had been carried off to the stockade. The girl did not show herself, and Jim retired early. Jim was amazed to see him emerge with a dropping jaw, and staring, stupidly frightened eyes. 'Be it as it may, Jim's slumbers were disturbed by a dream of heavens like brass resounding with a great voice, which called upon him to Awake! Get up! Jim and the girl stopped in the rank grass. Remember this is a love story I am telling you now. The flame of the torch streamed now and then with a fluttering noise like a flag, and for a time this was the only sound. He called out in a strong voice, "Cornelius! "I thought," he said to me, "that if I went away from her it would be the end of everything somehow." Only as they couldn't stop there for ever in the middle of that courtyard, he made up his mind to go and look into the storehouse. He heard a high-pitched almost screaming call from the girl. "Come out!" He was absolutely positive and certain. Jim said. asked Jim again. He ranged them in a row. he ordered. "The first who withdraws his arm or turns his head is a dead man," he said. They stepped out together, rigidly; he followed, and at the side the girl, in a trailing white gown, her black hair falling as low as her waist, bore the light. cried Jim. "Jump!" . . . Never! What of that? Her mother had warned her of this with tears, before she died . I stood for it, for myself, for you fellows, for all the world that neither cared for Jim nor needed him in the least. I began by protesting that I at least had come with no intention to take Jim away. "Did you ask him?" She wanted him to leave her. 'She was unselfish when she urged Jim to leave her, and even to leave the country. She told me, "I didn't want to die weeping." "Like my mother," she added readily. "And it is possible that you--you! "Her father too." but he is not like that." There was no answer. Will it be a sign--a call?" 'It was a wonderful experience. How does one kill fear, I wonder? Never! Never! "Because he is not good enough," I said brutally. '"This is the very thing he said. "Nobody, nobody is good enough," I began with the greatest earnestness.
'Nothing,' said Marlow with a slight start. 'He had told her--that's all. Jim was asking; and then, "Gone down--has he? But he is one of us, and he could say he was satisfied . Just fancy this! 'Yet after all this was a kind of recognition. Well--what of that? 'Jim had been a little angry with me for mentioning Cornelius at all. The man was too insignificant to be dangerous, though he was as full of hate as he could hold. All I heard distinctly was, "No more than a little child--a little child."' They exist as if under an enchanter's wand. He is one of us. 'He paused. Never. "to keep in touch with" . "In the destructive element immerse! "Will you be going home again soon?" "In a year or so if I live," I said. "Tell them . he began. And, suddenly, I lost him. The privileged man opened the packet, looked in, then, laying it down, went to the window. His rooms were in the highest flat of a lofty building, and his glance could travel afar beyond the clear panes of glass, as though he were looking out of the lantern of a lighthouse. He had tried to write; do you notice the commonplace hand? It is headed "The Fort, Patusan." What is a number and a name to a day of days? It is also impossible to say whom he had in his mind when he seized the pen: Stein--myself--the world at large--or was this only the aimless startled cry of a solitary man confronted by his fate? 'I send you also an old letter--a very old letter. It is from his father, and by the date you can see he must have received it a few days before he joined the Patna. He tells his "dear James" that the last long letter from him was very "honest and entertaining." 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. Something of the sort had to happen. But it has happened--and there is no disputing its logic. My information was fragmentary, but I've fitted the pieces together, and there is enough of them to make an intelligible picture.
"He a man! He choked again. . . 'So much as to Brown, for the present. "Is Tuan Jim inside?" "No," he mumbled, hanging his head for a moment, and then with sudden earnestness, "He would not fight. "There's Tamb' Itam there. "Come and see the girl. Come and see the girl. "They came here two days ago. 'She recognised me at once, and as soon as I had stopped, looking down at her: "He has left me," she said quietly; "you always leave us--for your own ends." "He would not! 'Stein had said, "You shall hear." Not false! True! The shock of it seemed to have changed their natures. It had turned her passion into stone, and it made the surly taciturn Tamb' Itam almost loquacious. The Bugis trader, a shy hesitating man, was very clear in the little he had to say. Both were evidently over-awed by a sense of deep inexpressible wonder, by the touch of an inscrutable mystery.' There with Marlow's signature the letter proper ended. The privileged reader screwed up his lamp, and solitary above the billowy roofs of the town, like a lighthouse-keeper above the sea, he turned to the pages of the story. Later on he ran off--it was reported--with the wife of a missionary, a very young girl from Clapham way, who had married the mild, flat-footed fellow in a moment of enthusiasm, and, suddenly transplanted to Melanesia, lost her bearings somehow. She was ill at the time he carried her off, and died on board his ship. And that was all--absolutely all. 'But in Brown's crew there was a Solomon Islander, kidnapped in his youth and devoted to Brown, who was the best man of the whole gang. The Solomon Islander clambered over the bulwarks with the end of the rope in his teeth. The two shipkeepers left on board woke up suddenly and saw the devil. With a stolen ship Brown did not dare to put into any port, of course. He was sure to get provisions--bullocks--rice--sweet-potatoes. The tide and wind helped, and early one afternoon the big white boat under a ragged sail shouldered its way before the sea breeze into Patusan Reach, manned by fourteen assorted scarecrows glaring hungrily ahead, and fingering the breech-blocks of cheap rifles. Brown was astonished at the size of the place. 'It seems, however, that the headman of the fishing village at Batu Kring had managed to send off a timely warning. The oars had been got in. Steering the long-boat in, they landed, and, to make a long story short, they established themselves on a little knoll about 900 yards from the stockade, which, in fact, they commanded from that position. Over the stockade and the Rajah's buildings Brown saw their lights on the water. Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. He was not the visible, tangible incarnation of unfailing truth and of unfailing victory. It was to her that Dain Waris had gone at once at the first intelligence of danger, for you must know that Jim was the only one in Patusan who possessed a store of gunpowder. In the council, held at eleven o'clock in the evening in Jim's dining-room, she backed up Waris's advice for immediate and vigorous action. He didn't speak till the last, after Kassim had declared that the Rajah's boats would be called in because the men were required to defend his master's stockade. To cut off the escape of those who might survive, and to prevent more of them coming up, Dain Waris was ordered by Doramin to take an armed party of Bugis down the river to a certain spot ten miles below Patusan, and there form a camp on the shore and blockade the stream with the canoes. My opinion is that his conduct was guided solely by his wish to keep his son out of harm's way. These men started at dawn, but before that time Kassim had managed to open communications with the besieged Brown. You are safe," yelled Brown, while his men stared. There were possibilities, immense possibilities; but before he would talk over Cornelius's proposals he demanded that some food should be sent up as a guarantee of good faith. Cornelius went off, creeping sluggishly down the hill on the side of the Rajah's palace, and after some delay a few of Tunku Allang's men came up, bringing a scanty supply of rice, chillies, and dried fish. It had occurred to him that these whites, together with the Rajah's followers, could attack and defeat the Bugis before Jim's return. Kassim begged him earnestly to have this big ship with his many guns and men brought up the river without delay for the Rajah's service. "What's his name? Jim! Jim! He is a fool. He was very pressing with Brown to send the "order," offering at the same time a trusty messenger, who for greater secrecy (as he explained) would make his way by land to the mouth of the river and deliver the "order" on board. After some reflection Brown judged it expedient to tear a page out of his pocket-book, on which he simply wrote, "We are getting on. Big job. Detain the man."
He, Brown, would offer him the power. There was in the broken, violent speech of that man, unveiling before me his thoughts with the very hand of Death upon his throat, an undisguised ruthlessness of purpose, a strange vengeful attitude towards his own past, and a blind belief in the righteousness of his will against all mankind, something of that feeling which could induce the leader of a horde of wandering cut-throats to call himself proudly the Scourge of God. Two hundred to one . . "Let no one fire," shouted Brown. repeated the voice three times. Cornelius translated, and then prompted the answer. "He has come," said Cornelius. pursued Brown. "He is not afraid--not afraid of anything. look!" All Brown's men had sprung up and crowded at his back with lustreless eyes. 'They met, I should think, not very far from the place, perhaps on the very spot, where Jim took the second desperate leap of his life--the leap that landed him into the life of Patusan, into the trust, the love, the confidence of the people. Hunger. Yes, I had wanted to talk with him. Keep it to yourself. Why, gents! and the fellow had been killed cleanly, shot through the chest, not like that poor devil of his lying now in the creek. When he asked Jim, with a sort of brusque despairing frankness, whether he himself--straight now--didn't understand that when "it came to saving one's life in the dark, one didn't care who else went--three, thirty, three hundred people"--it was as if a demon had been whispering advice in his ear. And there ran through the rough talk a vein of subtle reference to their common blood, an assumption of common experience; a sickening suggestion of common guilt, of secret knowledge that was like a bond of their minds and of their hearts. Jim asked. "You shall have a clear road or else a clear fight." The people inside crowded round him, so that he could hardly make his way to the house. And that he had never deceived them. He turned to Doramin. Jim told him to try and sleep. 'Early in the evening Brown had received from Jim a folded piece of paper on which was written, "You get the clear road. 'Cornelius didn't go away after delivering the paper. He had simply informed him of Dain Waris's armed party down the river. Cornelius stipulated that in case he were to pilot Brown out, his canoe should be towed. 'Thus Brown, invisible in the mist, goes out of Patusan elbow to elbow with Cornelius in the stern-sheets of the long-boat. The trouble was over. 'Tamb' Itam, assuming an air of importance, demanded to be led to Dain Waris. Dain Waris, reclining on his elbow, bade him speak and tell all the news. Dain Waris listened attentively to the end, toying with the ring which ultimately he slipped on the forefinger of his right hand. Three times Brown's men fired into the ruck, Brown, the only one in view, cursing and yelling, "Aim low! At the sound of the first shots Dain Waris, reclining on the couch, jumped up and ran out upon the open shore, just in time to receive a bullet in his forehead at the second discharge. Then, he says, a great fear came upon him--not before. The white men retired as they had come--unseen. "What became of him?" "Twice I struck, Tuan," he said. They imagined themselves to be the victims of a vast treachery, and utterly doomed to destruction. "Doramin," she cried despairingly, as Tamb' Itam passed her. "Is he dead?" "It is not safe for thy servant to go out amongst the people," said Tamb' Itam, after hesitating a moment. 'Then Jim understood. He had retreated from one world, for a small matter of an impulsive jump, and now the other, the work of his own hands, had fallen in ruins upon his head. It was then, I believe, he tried to write--to somebody--and gave it up. "Well?" "Fight! "I have no life," he said. 'The Malay who had brought Tamb' Itam and the girl to Samarang was there too. "There is nothing to fight for," he said; "nothing is lost." That it was impossible! He heard this and turned to the crowd. "I am come ready and unarmed," he repeated. They say that the white man sent right and left at all those faces a proud and unflinching glance. He is gone, inscrutable at heart, and the poor girl is leading a sort of soundless, inert life in Stein's house. Stein has aged greatly of late. He feels it himself, and says often that he is "preparing to leave all this; preparing to leave . while he waves his hand sadly at his butterflies.'
When a water-clerk who possesses Ability in the abstract has also the advantage of having been brought up to the sea, he is worth to his employer a lot of money and some humouring. He kept to seaports because he was a seaman in exile from the sea, and had Ability in the abstract, which is good for no other work but that of a water-clerk. They called him Tuan Jim: as one might say--Lord Jim. Originally he came from a parsonage. He was generally liked. He leaped to his feet. He heard a splash. He narrated: 'I just saw his head bobbing, and I dashed my boat-hook in the water. and turned up his eyes.
Jim, disabled by a falling spar at the beginning of a week of which his Scottish captain used to say afterwards, 'Man! His lameness, however, persisted, and when the ship arrived at an Eastern port he had to go to the hospital. His recovery was slow, and he was left behind. The Patna was a local steamer as old as the hills, lean like a greyhound, and eaten up with rust worse than a condemned water-tank. An Arab, the leader of that pious voyage, came last. The nights descended on her like a benediction.
growled the German stolidly. went on the other. The second engineer was coming by easy transitions to the consideration of his finances and of his courage. No, no, captain! They could not understand; and suddenly the calm sea, the sky without a cloud, appeared formidably insecure in their immobility, as if poised on the brow of yawning destruction. in the muffled accents of profound grief.
 A month or so afterwards, when Jim, in answer to pointed questions, tried to tell honestly the truth of this experience, he said, speaking of the ship: 'She went over whatever it was as easy as a snake crawling over a stick.' Did you think it likely from the force of the blow?' He was coming to that, he was coming to that--and now, checked brutally, he had to answer by yes or no. Jim answered another question and was tempted to cry out, 'What's the good of this! He met the eyes of the white man. And later on, many times, in distant parts of the world, Marlow showed himself willing to remember Jim, to remember him at length, in detail and audibly.
Then why? Can't tell--unless it be to make time pass away after dinner. He was hurrying on a little in advance, and the sunlight beating on him brought out his bulk in a startling way. Very well. The archway from the ante-room was crowded with punkah-pullers, sweepers, police peons, the coxswain and crew of the harbour steam-launch, all craning their necks and almost climbing on each other's backs. You must go to the Master Attendant. Captain Elliot is the man you want to see. what's up? "The master of the Patna, sir," he shouts. "Go in, captain." He would have shouted at the Viceroy himself. is he callous? And note, I did not care a rap about the behaviour of the other two. "That old mad rogue upstairs called me a hound," said the captain of the Patna. The mud pilot on the poop sings out to me in a drawl, "Hold her with the check line for a moment, Mister Mate. The little So-and-so." How much? I saw that with one of them it was a case of a broken arm; and as to the long individual with grey moustaches he was the chief engineer, and in various ways a pretty notorious personality. He roared at him to be off, to go on. To Apia? To Honolulu? Next moment the half-caste clerk, sent by Archie to look a little after the poor castaways of the Patna, came upon the scene. I made ready to vent my indignation at such a stupid lie, when he added smoothly, "She was full of reptiles." 'This made me pause. He drew a long breath. he is a tough object. '"Not in the least," I called back from the gateway.'
Brierly was the other. Big Brierly. 'He seemed consumedly bored by the honour thrust upon him. At thirty-two he had one of the best commands going in the Eastern trade--and, what's more, he thought a lot of what he had. As I looked at him, flanking on one side the unassuming pale-faced magistrate who presided at the inquiry, his self-satisfaction presented to me and to the world a surface as hard as granite. He committed suicide very soon after. (He flattered himself there. Jones.' Captain Brierly looks at the compass and then all round. "Yes, Captain Marlow. He was drowned in scent--fairly stunk with it, Captain Marlow. Where's the captain, Rover?" Perhaps wholly. Why?" But he wasn't of the kind that goes mad, not he. Young, healthy, well off, no cares. I sit here sometimes thinking, thinking, till my head fairly begins to buzz. There was some reason." It was after the first adjournment, and he came up with me in the street. Can't he see that wretched skipper of his has cleared out? _I_ would." Brierly went on: "This is a disgrace. Of course I could not forget the conversation I had with Brierly, and now I had them both under my eyes. We were then just through the door, passing behind Jim's burly back. I stood back for a moment against the wall while the stranger managed to get down the steps and disappeared. I became aware I was being held up, so to speak, as if in a wood. I was getting a little angry, too, at the absurdity of this encounter. said Jim at last. There was a fellow with you. "Stop!" This checked him for a second. "Who's a cur now--hey?" 'There may be those who could have laughed at his pertinacity; I didn't. and at once turned at bay.
'I can't tell you whether Jim knew he was especially "fancied," but the tone of his references to "my Dad" was calculated to give me a notion that the good old rural dean was about the finest man that ever had been worried by the cares of a large family since the beginning of the world. "He has seen it all in the home papers by this time," said Jim. He was smoking reflectively, and after a moment, rousing himself, began to talk again. He discovered at once a desire that I should not confound him with his partners in--in crime, let us call it. "Do you know what _you_ would have done? "It is all in being ready. On board that Dale Line steamer that had picked up these four floating in a boat upon the discreet sunset glow of the sea, they had been after the first day looked askance upon. They had picked up the captain, the mate, and two engineers of the steamer Patna sunk at sea, and that, very properly, was enough for them. Not then. what a chance missed! I whisked him back by saying, "If you had stuck to the ship, you mean!" "It is unfortunate you didn't know beforehand!" The ship trembled to it. It occurred to him that the fact was fortunate. There was no help. '"Some of the crew were sleeping on the number one hatch within reach of my arm," began Jim again.
"I always believed in being prepared for the worst," he commented, staring anxiously in my face. "Water, water! He had caught sight of me as I passed by, and was begging for a little water. We were under the bridge, in the dark. He leaned on one elbow with a hand over his eyes. When I got on the bridge at last the beggars were getting one of the boats off the chocks. A boat! it's you. Clear out,' he snarled over his shoulder. All in mutters. And the timber--the timber! You think me a cur for standing there, but what would you have done? said Marlow in a low voice. who couldn't? The two Malays had meantime remained holding to the wheel. For that they were so, makes no doubt to me: given the state of the ship, this was the deadliest possible description of accident that could happen. These beggars by the boat had every reason to go distracted with funk. And still she floated! Not the least wonder of these twenty minutes, to my mind, is the behaviour of the two helmsmen. They were amongst the native batch of all sorts brought over from Aden to give evidence at the inquiry. To some further questions he jerked back his spare shoulders, and declared it never came into his mind then that the white men were about to leave the ship through fear of death. He did not believe it now. secret reasons. They stopped him at last. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. 'He ran back to the boat on the points of his toes, and returned directly to worry at his sleeve, begging and cursing at the same time. Along the whole dim length of the gallery the voices dropped, the pale blotches of faces turned our way with one accord, and the silence became so profound that the clear tinkle of a teaspoon falling on the tesselated floor of the verandah rang out like a tiny and silvery scream.
And all is still. "It had sneaked upon us from behind. The infernal thing! But that was all over anyhow. do you think you'll get the ghost of a show when all that lot of brutes is in the water? 'The little engineer whimpered like a child, but, broken arm and all, he turned out the least craven of the lot as it seems, and, actually, mustered enough pluck to run an errand to the engine-room. The others gave up Jim at once and ran off to assist. As a natural consequence the boat would swing in abruptly, driving them back, helpless and jostling against each other. She hadn't done that much for days. Acted third engineer," he explained. Weak heart! 'This irritated me. "When these beggars did break out, their yelps were enough to wake the dead," he said. All this had come to him: the sounds, the sights, the legs of the dead man--by Jove! 'Jump, George! Oh, jump!' The squall! With the first hiss of rain, and the first gust of wind, they screamed, 'Jump, George!
What terrified him was the thought that the drowning was not over yet. 'They watched in the dark with their heads half turned to windward as if expecting to hear cries. The lights were gone. The lights were gone. She had to go. At this the second laughed hysterically. I could just make out their shapes. He perched himself smartly on the edge of the table and crossed his arms. Where did you get the pluck to jump--you coward? By heavens! What do you think? And the endurance is undeniable too. Speak--straight out." They hadn't meant anything. Very sad, of course. 'Jim remained thoughtful. One of them at least. I had heard him. He didn't interrupt me.
You don't know what it is to me. What more natural! It was not like a fight, for instance." He appeared changed, as if he had suddenly matured. Well. '"I would have meant to be," he retorted. "Of course I wouldn't have talked to you about all this if you had not been a gentleman. He withdrew his right fist from his pocket, and the blow he struck on his chest resounded like a muffled detonation in the night. And at the time . "And so you cleared out--at once." "Well, yes! Perhaps I could not see then. No . I won't lie .
'"The Avondale picked us up just before sunset," he remarked moodily. he hung his head . The story didn't matter." That is the only way I can describe it. In a moment I saw his back close to the balustrade. blown along with the drizzle. 'The Patna . French gunboat . towed successfully to Aden . But the lights! Of course people shook their heads and smiled. By this change in her position all her lights were in a very few moments shut off from the boat to leeward. We exchanged a few apparently innocent remarks, and suddenly, before I knew how it had come about, we were in the midst of it, and he was telling me how much they had been "intrigued by that corpse." Nobody in the gunboat knew enough English to get hold of the story as told by the serang. Two!" He clasped his hands on his stomach again.
Perhaps it's just as well; and it may be that it is this very dullness that makes life to the incalculable majority so supportable and so welcome. But somehow this simple statement of the matter sounded funny in French. "And after all, one does not die of it." This is always to be seen. Another scrape. Water-clerk. The same who got drowned afterwards trying to save a lady's-maid in the Sephora disaster. All the passengers had been packed tidily into the boats and shoved clear of the ship, when Bob sheered alongside again and scrambled back on deck to fetch that girl. Some cousin of his in Liverpool put up to it. It was distressing to see him at it, though he tackled it with a stubborn serenity for which I must give him full credit. I felt angry--not for the first time that night. "Go to the dogs as likely as not," he answered in a gruff mutter. The night swallowed his form.
But neither did I expect to be so awfully depressed. The next point, I remember, was, whether up to the time of the accident the ship had been navigated with proper and seamanlike care. A floating derelict probably. "in utter disregard of their plain duty," it said. "The Court . He, too, had been looking after Jim. There are the hurricanes, too. "Takes it to heart?" He lifted his arm for a signal to some one down the street. He blinked his creased eyelids at me in a bewildered way. Good morning.' Captain Robinson? "One minute. I've a notion." And besides . "Don't you?"
Everything turned on that, and the chap couldn't find words strong enough to express his confidence. I caught sight of Jim leaning over the parapet of the quay. "I was looking," he stammered. I steered him into my bedroom, and sat down at once to write letters. There is a weird power in a spoken word.
He captured much honour and an Arcadian happiness (I won't say anything about innocence) in the bush, and it was as good to him as the honour and the Arcadian happiness of the streets to another man. And there is a suspicion he was not clear to himself either. 'But he was too interesting or too unfortunate to be thrown to the dogs, or even to Chester. He was smoking greedily in the middle of the room, and though he heard the stir I made, he remained with his back to me for a time. Thanks--once more. At this he drew back his foot, but remained mistrustfully in the very doorway.
And perhaps he is, after all). I thought to myself--Serve me right for a sneaking humbug. "And I had never seen," he shouted; then suddenly bit his lip and frowned. this is what I--you--I . Can't sit still. The very thing . I had no idea it was in him to be so airily brisk. for God's sake, my dear fellow--don't!" He went to the door in a hurry, paused with his head down, and came back, stepping deliberately. in a measure . 'But as to me, left alone with the solitary candle, I remained strangely unenlightened. And I felt sad.
'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. I looked at him, and he put on a knowing air. "Jim!" And there was Jim answering Egstrom with something boyish in his tone. "Put us to a great inconvenience, too. "Where's he gone to? Some of them were talking about it here. It's a disgrace to human natur'--that's what it is. I am going to quit. Captain! Egstrom & Blake! The other ship-chandlers just kept their old customers, and . 'I can't stop with you.' You haven't as much sense as a rat; they don't clear out from a good ship. "And what the devil is he--anyhow--for to go on like this?"
There was always a doubt of his courage. It says a lot for the casual crowd that frequented Schomberg's establishment that Jim managed to hang out in Bankok for a whole six months. (Yucker Brothers had concessions and teak forests in the interior.) 'I don't know that I blame Jim very much, but it was a truly regrettable incident. No, no! A temper like that won't do!" I took him away from Bankok in my ship, and we had a longish passage. 'I placed him with De Jongh, as you know, glad enough to dispose of him in any way, yet persuaded that his position was now growing intolerable. I felt at once convinced that he was right. 'This Stein was a wealthy and respected merchant.
and stepping aside, vanished in a mysterious way as though he had been a ghost only momentarily embodied for that particular service. He was a heavy man with a patriarchal white beard, and of imposing stature. He had a little money; he started life afresh, and in the course of years acquired a considerable fortune. Early in the morning he started from his fortified house, after embracing his little Emma, and leaving the "princess," his wife, in command. This is not yet gelungen. Another step. He is romantic." '"There is only one remedy! "That was the way. In so far he was right. We avoided pronouncing Jim's name as though we had tried to keep flesh and blood out of our discussion, or he were nothing but an erring spirit, a suffering and nameless shade. "Sleep well.
 'I don't suppose any of you have ever heard of Patusan?' Marlow resumed, after a silence occupied in the careful lighting of a cigar. Thus with Patusan. And he got hold of them in a remarkable way. 'Stein was the man who knew more about Patusan than anybody else. "Yes; he is young," Stein mused. "And the woman is dead now," he added incomprehensibly. It is impossible to suspect Stein. The Portuguese, whose name was Cornelius, considered himself a very deserving but ill-used person, entitled by his abilities to a better position. This man Jim would have to relieve. "That has nothing to do with me. All this may seem to you sheer sentimentalism; and indeed very few of us have the will or the capacity to look consciously under the surface of familiar emotions. Not he. Woe to the stragglers! We exist only in so far as we hang together. That's all there is to it. I was concerned as to the way he would go out.
Where wouldn't they go for pepper! And indeed those who adventured their persons and lives risked all they had for a slender reward. 'In Patusan they had found lots of pepper, and had been impressed by the magnificence and the wisdom of the Sultan; but somehow, after a century of chequered intercourse, the country seems to drop gradually out of the trade. That is where and how he received us when, accompanied by Jim, I paid him a visit of ceremony. We had to deal with another sort of reality. This was a chance he had been dreaming of. Stein was passing on to a young man the help he had received in his own young days, and I had done no more than to mention his name. Why," he stammered, "this is the very thing that I .
Mr. Stein called him "war-comrade." That chap Doramin had given him the ring. They had exchanged presents when they parted for the last time. The ring! And he proceeded to do this immediately, producing a string (which looked like a bit of a cotton shoe-lace) for the purpose. It meant a friend; and it is a good thing to have a friend. Did I think so? "It is you--you, who remember." he asked absently, with his eyes fixed upon the face of a clock on the wall. 'I was silent for a while. I heard his voice through the ship's side urging his boatmen to give way, and looking out of the stern-port I saw the boat rounding under the counter. He had forgotten to take them. In answer to a remark of mine (while Jim had gone below for a moment) he said, "Oh yes. Patusan." He exerted himself to soothe me as though he had been the more mature of the two.
'The coast of Patusan (I saw it nearly two years afterwards) is straight and sombre, and faces a misty ocean. He called him Tuan Jim, and the tone of his references was made remarkable by a strange mixture of familiarity and awe. Only very soon he had to give that up. That long-legged old scoundrel Kassim (I'll show him to you to-morrow) ran out fussing to me about the Rajah wanting to see me. He was not eloquent, but there was a deep meaning in the words that followed. want to leave!
"It was Doramin who was a thief," burst out the Rajah. Jim began to speak. Hadn't he better be killed without more delay? Several times the council was broken up, and the advisers made a break helter-skelter for the door and out on to the verandah. Doramin!" But he was safe.
It is in this sense alone that might so often is right. Without the weight of Doramin's authority, and his son's fiery enthusiasm, he would have failed. Of Dain Waris, his own people said with pride that he knew how to fight like a white man. In fact, Jim the leader was a captive in every sense. I felt convinced of it, as from day to day I learned more of the story. Old Doramin had himself carried up the hill in his arm-chair. Why! I sat on the stump of a tree at his feet, and below us stretched the land, the great expanse of the forests, sombre under the sunshine, rolling like a sea, with glints of winding rivers, the grey spots of villages, and here and there a clearing, like an islet of light amongst the dark waves of continuous tree-tops.
'Already the legend had gifted him with supernatural powers. This occupation he seemed to think a most arduous one, and perhaps the souls of things are more stubborn than the souls of men. There didn't seem to be any head or tail to it. The popular story has it that Jim with a touch of one finger had thrown down the gate. The third man in, it seems, had been Tamb' Itam, Jim's own servant. '"It was .
He too, as he protested, had an unbounded confidence in Tuan Jim's wisdom. It was difficult, for there could be no question that Jim had the power; in his new sphere there did not seem to be anything that was not his to hold or to give. Doramin was anxious about the future of the country, and I was struck by the turn he gave to the argument. And this brings me to the story of his love. Her own father had been a white; a high official; one of the brilliantly endowed men who are not dull enough to nurse a success, and whose careers so often end under a cloud. "Jewel! O Jewel! Going to Patusan? Oh yes. He knew. No business of his. What you say? He interrupted himself to groan. Well, then, there might be something in the story too, after all, and . Small commission for the trouble. Next day, talking casually with the people of the little native court of the place, I discovered that a story was travelling slowly down the coast about a mysterious white man in Patusan who had got hold of an extraordinary gem--namely, an emerald of an enormous size, and altogether priceless. Yet it is not every woman that would do.
He reminded one of everything that is unsavoury. 'You must know he had left Doramin's place very soon after his arrival--much too soon, in fact, for his safety, and of course a long time before the war. Hadn't he? He did his best to make out that Mr. Stein owed him money on the last three years' trading, but his books were all torn, and some were missing. It made Jewel cry. It was done in a roundabout way, and with no end of mystery, through a Chinaman who keeps a small shop here; but as soon as I left the Bugis quarter and went to live with Cornelius it began to be said openly that the Rajah had made up his mind to have me killed before long.
Nothing more calculated to shake the best of nerve. Finally, one night, Cornelius himself, with a great apparatus of alarm and secrecy, unfolded in solemn wheedling tones a little plan wherein for one hundred dollars--or even for eighty; let's say eighty--he, Cornelius, would procure a trustworthy man to smuggle Jim out of the river, all safe. A trifle. He jumped up, and went out barefooted on the verandah. What is it?"
Jim only nodded, without looking at him. The girl did not show herself, and Jim retired early. Get up! Get up!" On the verandah a hammock of sail-cloth, belonging to Cornelius, swayed lightly to the touch of Jim's elbow. Jim and the girl stopped in the rank grass. The flame of the torch streamed now and then with a fluttering noise like a flag, and for a time this was the only sound. he exclaimed, craning his neck to look about him. she said. Of the next night? "How many more of you?"
He ranged them in a row. cried Jim. "Jump!" This probably made him speechless for so long, and after returning his gaze she flung the burning torch with a wide sweep of the arm into the river. 'Then he got up and began to walk about in some agitation. But only try to think what her life has been. Ask any man here" . They can't be made to understand what is going on in me.
She was afraid for him too. But I anticipate. 'She was unselfish when she urged Jim to leave her, and even to leave the country. He lifted her up, and then she would struggle no more. Of course not. Why couldn't she believe? "Her father too." I was struck by her silence. And Jim, too--poor devil! They were tragic. Too big. She owned, as I had put it to her, his heart. I felt that sort of rage one feels during a hard tussle. "Why? she cried. "Nobody, nobody is good enough," I began with the greatest earnestness.
You there, Marlow?" He had a mind to try a coffee-plantation there. Jim bowed his head, and our last talk seemed to flicker out for good. How could he know who was going to get the upper hand? I heard a sort of tittering, and turned upon him; at once he appeared ready to take to his heels. It seemed, too, to be some sort of money affair. 'I stood there and marvelled.
He is one of us. 'Jim, as I've told you, accompanied me on the first stage of my journey back to the world he had renounced, and the way at times seemed to lead through the very heart of untouched wilderness. "This is glorious!" Jim listened for a time without looking up, and at last told him gently to wait. he said. I suppose so. How little that was to boast of, after all! "Perhaps it's just as well." Jim, at the water's edge, raised his voice. he began. I did not look again at the shore till I had clambered on board the schooner.
It came to him at home, more than two years later, and it came contained in a thick packet addressed in Marlow's upright and angular handwriting. But what of the distance? 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. Something of the sort had to happen.
And so I did make an end of him after all. You . you here . "Gentleman Brown." 'So much as to Brown, for the present. At the door of Stein's room I came upon another Malay in whom I recognised Tamb' Itam. 'I asked him at once what he was doing there; it occurred to me that Jim might have come on a visit. "There's Tamb' Itam there. "Come and see the girl. She is here," he said, with a half-hearted show of activity. Talk to her. I will not! '"What have I done?" And suddenly Stein broke in. Terrible," he said to me. There with Marlow's signature the letter proper ended.
'But in Brown's crew there was a Solomon Islander, kidnapped in his youth and devoted to Brown, who was the best man of the whole gang. 'They got clear away. It is a harrowing and desperate story. He was sure to get provisions--bullocks--rice--sweet-potatoes. 'Luck served him as to weather. A profound silence reigned. Brown expected an attack to be delivered as soon as the tide had flowed enough again to enable the war-boats which had cut off his retreat to enter the creek.
Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. Moreover, the white man, a tower of strength in himself, was invulnerable, while Dain Waris could be killed. This caused more confusion. The boat itself was not to be interfered with openly, so that the robbers on the hill should be tempted to embark, when a well-directed fire would kill most of them, no doubt. These men started at dawn, but before that time Kassim had managed to open communications with the besieged Brown. He was overjoyed. "Come along! You are safe," yelled Brown, while his men stared. 'Half an hour's confidential talk with Cornelius opened Brown's eyes as to the home affairs of Patusan. Jim! Is he an Englishman?" All you have to do is to kill him and then you are king here.
Let him only once get in and . They were two hundred to one, and this gave them something to think over for the night. Not one of them had an idea of such a long shot before. "Speak," cried Brown, "we hear." Cornelius translated. It seems that in his joy at finding the tobacco he forgot himself and jumped out on her off-side, as it were. He was startled when Brown's man shouted. Brown had said unmoved once, seeing the Yankee, who had been swearing under his breath, prepare to go down. Only his noise is calculated to make all the others think too much of the hereafter, cap'n." "What's this?" Cornelius listened. "He has come," said Cornelius. Brown asked. "What are they making that row about?" pursued Brown. "Look here," said Brown, "how is one to get at him?"
Cornelius said excitedly. Brown could see naked arms being raised to shade the eyes and other brown arms pointing. Hunger. Yes, I had wanted to talk with him. You are two hundred to one. And what did _you_ come for? Want to know what of? Of a prison.
Jim asked. Jim went on. Brown sat up and glared across. 'Jim said nothing to this. "You shall have a clear road or else a clear fight." He stopped before Brown. "Because I could do better than that," Brown said with an amused smile. Cornelius slunk past dejectedly in the direction of the river. No doubt he discussed the course to follow with him then, but no man was present at the conversation. And that he had never deceived them. He believed that it would be best to let these whites and their followers go with their lives.
There was a silence. "It is best," "Let them go," and so on. He was considerably cold-shouldered, but managed to preserve his smiling, quiet alertness, and professed himself highly delighted when Jim told him sternly that he proposed to occupy the stockade on that night with his own men. 'About ten or so Jim's men marched in. Jim told him to try and sleep. His mission was to go down the river, preceding Brown's boat by an hour or more, to tell Dain Waris finally and formally that the whites were to be allowed to pass out unmolested. His master first put his hand into one pocket, then into another, and finally took off his forefinger Stein's silver ring, which he habitually wore, and gave it to Tamb' Itam. Let your men be careful. What he had to say made Brown sit up at first, with a curse. He had simply informed him of Dain Waris's armed party down the river. He is a fool. 'Thus Brown, invisible in the mist, goes out of Patusan elbow to elbow with Cornelius in the stern-sheets of the long-boat. He always speaks the truth. Cornelius grunted.
At a mutter from Cornelius, Brown ordered his men to load. 'Tamb' Itam, assuming an air of importance, demanded to be led to Dain Waris. Dain Waris was awake, and a bright fire was burning before his sleeping-place, which resembled a rude shrine. Dain Waris, reclining on his elbow, bade him speak and tell all the news. After hearing all he had to say he dismissed Tamb' Itam to have food and rest. Stealthily he landed his men on the other side of the island opposite to the Bugis camp, and led them across. He and his companions were the survivors of a crew of six.
"Doramin," she cried despairingly, as Tamb' Itam passed her. "Is he dead?" His master walked to the window and with his fist struck at the shutter. but," he began to stammer. "What?" 'What thoughts passed through his head--what memories? Later, towards the evening, he came to the door and called for Tamb' Itam. Jim looked up at him. "You know," he murmured. We shall have to fight." 'The sun was sinking towards the forests when Dain Waris's body was brought into Doramin's campong. A murmur of dismay and horror ran through the crowd at the sight of that familiar token. She tottered slightly, and about half-way down called out to Jim, who had apparently resumed his peaceful contemplation of the river. 'Doramin, alone! Then with his hand over his lips he fell forward, dead. He feels it himself, and says often that he is "preparing to leave all this; preparing to leave .
He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull. Jim had always good wages and as much humouring as would have bought the fidelity of a fiend. This was their criticism on his exquisite sensibility. His incognito, which had as many holes as a sieve, was not meant to hide a personality but a fact. When the fact broke through the incognito he would leave suddenly the seaport where he happened to be at the time and go to another--generally farther east. He kept to seaports because he was a seaman in exile from the sea, and had Ability in the abstract, which is good for no other work but that of a water-clerk. The living had belonged to the family for generations; but Jim was one of five sons, and when after a course of light holiday literature his vocation for the sea had declared itself, he was sent at once to a 'training-ship for officers of the mercantile marine.' He was generally liked. He had the third place in navigation and pulled stroke in the first cutter. It was the dusk of a winter's day. He was jostled. A coaster running in for shelter had crashed through a schooner at anchor, and one of the ship's instructors had seen the accident. He heard a splash. He leaned over. 'Too late, youngster.' 'Better luck next time. Nevertheless he brooded apart that evening while the bowman of the cutter--a boy with a face like a girl's and big grey eyes--was the hero of the lower deck. Fancy such a big chap fainting like a girl.
After two years of training he went to sea, and entering the regions so well known to his imagination, found them strangely barren of adventure. Yet he could not go back, because there is nothing more enticing, disenchanting, and enslaving than the life at sea. He was gentlemanly, steady, tractable, with a thorough knowledge of his duties; and in time, when yet very young, he became chief mate of a fine ship, without ever having been tested by those events of the sea that show in the light of day the inner worth of a man, the edge of his temper, and the fibre of his stuff; that reveal the quality of his resistance and the secret truth of his pretences, not only to others but also to himself. Only once in all that time he had again a glimpse of the earnestness in the anger of the sea. He lay there battened down in the midst of a small devastation, and felt secretly glad he had not to go on deck. Then fine weather returned, and he thought no more about It. His recovery was slow, and he was left behind. To Jim that gossiping crowd, viewed as seamen, seemed at first more unsubstantial than so many shadows. But at length he found a fascination in the sight of those men, in their appearance of doing so well on such a small allowance of danger and toil. In time, beside the original disdain there grew up slowly another sentiment; and suddenly, giving up the idea of going home, he took a berth as chief mate of the Patna. She was owned by a Chinaman, chartered by an Arab, and commanded by a sort of renegade New South Wales German, very anxious to curse publicly his native country, but who, apparently on the strength of Bismarck's victorious policy, brutalised all those he was not afraid of, and wore a 'blood-and-iron' air,' combined with a purple nose and a red moustache.
A marvellous stillness pervaded the world, and the stars, together with the serenity of their rays, seemed to shed upon the earth the assurance of everlasting security. The young moon recurved, and shining low in the west, was like a slender shaving thrown up from a bar of gold, and the Arabian Sea, smooth and cool to the eye like a sheet of ice, extended its perfect level to the perfect circle of a dark horizon. There was nothing he could not face. He . He became sentimental. Even the skipper himself . Would the skipper go for the engineer? The life was easy and he was too sure of himself--too sure of himself to . The second engineer was coming by easy transitions to the consideration of his finances and of his courage. as he tumbled; an instant of silence followed upon his screeching: Jim and the skipper staggered forward by common accord, and catching themselves up, stood very stiff and still gazing, amazed, at the undisturbed level of the sea.
 A month or so afterwards, when Jim, in answer to pointed questions, tried to tell honestly the truth of this experience, he said, speaking of the ship: 'She went over whatever it was as easy as a snake crawling over a stick.' The illustration was good: the questions were aiming at facts, and the official Inquiry was being held in the police court of an Eastern port. asked the assessor sitting to the left. I lowered then the lamp the whole drift of its lanyard, and saw that the forepeak was more than half full of water already. I knew there was no other bulkhead in the ship but the collision bulkhead separating the forepeak from the forehold. I went back to tell the captain. He pushed me away with his right arm and ran before me up the ladder, shouting as he climbed. I followed up in time to see the captain rush at him and knock him down flat on his back. This had not been a common affair, everything in it had been of the utmost importance, and fortunately he remembered everything. and "infernal steam!" He was coming to that, he was coming to that--and now, checked brutally, he had to answer by yes or no. Jim's eyes, wandering in the intervals of his answers, rested upon a white man who sat apart from the others, with his face worn and clouded, but with quiet eyes that glanced straight, interested and clear. He met the eyes of the white man. That man there seemed to be aware of his hopeless difficulty.
Can't tell--unless it be to make time pass away after dinner. Let that Marlow talk." 'My eyes met his for the first time at that inquiry. 'It appears he addressed himself in the first instance to the principal shipping-master. It was so strong as to be almost beautiful. "The master of the Patna, sir," he shouts. Archie's the most sensitive shipping-master in the two hemispheres. His three daughters were awfully nice, though they resembled him amazingly, and on the mornings he woke up with a gloomy view of their matrimonial prospects the office would read it in his eye and tremble, because, they said, he was sure to have somebody for breakfast. And note, I did not care a rap about the behaviour of the other two. "That old mad rogue upstairs called me a hound," said the captain of the Patna. "Did he?" That's how he looked, and it was odious. Such and such a ship. It was my first voyage." The little So-and-so." I would have trusted the deck to that youngster on the strength of a single glance, and gone to sleep with both eyes--and, by Jove! it wouldn't have been safe. They were nobodies. Into the Pacific, perhaps. To Apia? To Honolulu? Look under the bed." Millions of pink toads. The ship was full of them. That was it. '"Not in the least," I called back from the gateway.'
The inquiry was not adjourned. That's the man. I had never heard him talk so much at a stretch, and to no purpose as it seemed to me. Almost! "If he had been poor and old and in debt--and never a show--or else mad. 'Of course the recollection of my last conversation with Brierly is tinged with the knowledge of his end that followed so close upon it. I spoke with him for the last time during the progress of the inquiry. Such an affair destroys one's confidence. At the time his state of mind was more of a mystery to me than it is now. This was the second day of the proceedings. Jim had been told to stand down some time before, and was able to leave amongst the first. Anyhow, a dog was there, weaving himself in and out amongst people's legs in that mute stealthy way native dogs have, and my companion stumbled over him. The dog leaped away without a sound; the man, raising his voice a little, said with a slow laugh, "Look at that wretched cur," and directly afterwards we became separated by a lot of people pushing in. I am going through with that. It was some mistake on his part; he was blundering, and I had an intuition that the blunder was of an odious, of an unfortunate nature. It was a blackness without a single gleam. "Who's a cur now--hey?" His ears became intensely crimson, and even the clear blue of his eyes was darkened many shades by the rush of blood to his head. I perceived he was incapable of pronouncing a word from the excess of his humiliation. and at once turned at bay. He looked at me patiently while I was thinking of something to say, but I could find nothing on the spur of the moment, and he began to walk on.
A little wine opened Jim's heart and loosened his tongue. Who can tell! "He has seen it all in the home papers by this time," said Jim. He wouldn't understand." Certificate gone, career broken, no money to get away, no work that he could obtain as far as he could see. "Do you know what _you_ would have done? He began his story quietly enough. They had picked up the captain, the mate, and two engineers of the steamer Patna sunk at sea, and that, very properly, was enough for them. I did not ask Jim about the nature of his feelings during the ten days he spent on board. Of that I am sure; and therein lies his distinction. Their languid opinion seemed to be that, in addition to his other shortcomings, he was a sulky brute. No! Not then. what a chance missed! what a chance missed!" He would give himself away; he would give himself up. I whisked him back by saying, "If you had stuck to the ship, you mean!" Perhaps he had not even seen it. It occurred to him that the fact was fortunate. They _were_ dead! Nothing could save them! 'He protested he did not think of saving himself. "Do you think I was afraid of death?" "I am ready to swear I was not--I was not. he inquired very earnest and deliberate. only he just couldn't--that's all. He was not afraid of death perhaps, but I'll tell you what, he was afraid of the emergency.
 'How long he stood stock-still by the hatch expecting every moment to feel the ship dip under his feet and the rush of water take him at the back and toss him like a chip, I cannot say. 'He started unsteadily to run. What water did he mean? He got hold of my hand now, and I felt that he would begin to shout. I turned on him. That's all. We were under the bridge, in the dark. A boat! I dodged that miserable maniac, lifted him off the deck as though he had been a little child, and he started whispering in my arms: 'Don't! '"That's what he said. I asked. Nobody would have believed. You think me a cur for standing there, but what would you have done? What! He was not speaking to me, he was only speaking before me, in a dispute with an invisible personality, an antagonistic and inseparable partner of his existence--another possessor of his soul. I was made to look at the convention that lurks in all truth and on the essential sincerity of falsehood. His was of another kind. said Marlow in a low voice. he was amazing. '"It is always the unexpected that happens," I said in a propitiatory tone. Everything had betrayed him! who couldn't? For that they were so, makes no doubt to me: given the state of the ship, this was the deadliest possible description of accident that could happen. Frankly, had I been there, I would not have given as much as a counterfeit farthing for the ship's chance to keep above water to the end of each successive second. to the ocean. One of them, labouring under intense bashfulness, was very young, and with his smooth, yellow, cheery countenance looked even younger than he was. He did not believe it now. Assuredly Jim did not remember it. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. '"Come and help! Damn him! I hit him. Coward!
They were still at that bolt. The skipper was ordering, "Get under and try to lift"; and the others naturally shirked. 'And at last Jim looked astern where the other pointed with maniacal insistence. He saw a silent black squall which had eaten up already one-third of the sky. '"It was black, black," pursued Jim with moody steadiness. 'He remembered so well that, gasping in the chair, he seemed to sweat and choke before my eyes. Only then he turned to look--only then. He could no longer hear the voices under the awnings. When he opened them, it was to see the dim struggle of four men fighting like mad with a stubborn boat. 'He roused himself. By heavens! He exaggerated. 'The last moment had come, as he thought, and he did not move. Acted third engineer," he explained. We had heard something of that in court. Weak heart. '"A chance missed, eh?" "Do you?" 'Of course he could not know at the time the man was dead. The next minute--his last on board--was crowded with a tumult of events and sensations which beat about him like the sea upon a rock. Let go! Shove for your life! I could not restrain a grunt of surprise. Jump! The squall! And that's possible, too. He didn't know. He felt as though all his ribs on his left side must be broken; then he rolled over, and saw vaguely the ship he had deserted uprising above him, with the red side-light glowing large in the rain like a fire on the brow of a hill seen through a mist. It was as if I had jumped into a well--into an everlasting deep hole.
He had tumbled from a height he could never scale again. The sea hissed "like twenty thousand kettles." He saw just one yellow gleam of the mast-head light high up and blurred like a last star ready to dissolve. Then the shower swept ahead, and the great, distracting, hissing noise followed the rain into distance and died out. They saw no lights. 'It did not seem so strange to me. Why back to the very spot? It was one of those bizarre and exciting glimpses through the fog. "You couldn't distinguish the sea from the sky; there was nothing to see and nothing to hear. 'Wasn't he true to himself, wasn't he? 'It lasted for a while, and then they were suddenly and unanimously moved to make a noise over their escape. Some of them sat in the stern-sheets. he asked. "They were after me," he said. by the name of George." howls the skipper from the other end of the boat. 'No!' 'The wind had left the boat suddenly. "They called me horrible names." He perched himself smartly on the edge of the table and crossed his arms. And the sky was black too--all black. . Would they? It was so dark that it was only when one or the other of them moved that I was quite sure of seeing him. "They pretended to think I had done away with that donkey-man for some reason or other. And how the devil was I to know? You killed him!' Perhaps he had heard the wind. 'I was struck by the suggestive truth of his words. Trust a boat on the high seas to bring out the Irrational that lurks at the bottom of every thought, sentiment, sensation, emotion. "Nothing," he said. 'And the rising sun found him just as he had jumped up first in the bows of the boat. He had been holding the tiller in his hand, too, all the night. And the endurance is undeniable too. I heard them. They hadn't done me any harm--had they? What more could they have done? It was their doing as plainly as if they had reached up with a boat-hook and pulled me over. Make the best of it. He glared as if he would have liked to claw me to pieces. I tried to be deaf. The smoke had disappeared to the northward. One of them at least. All was light, light, and the boat seemed to be falling through it. You don't know what it is to me. He had found that to meditate about because he thought he had saved his life, while all its glamour had gone with the ship in the night. There was not the thickness of a sheet of paper between the right and the wrong of this affair." Well. And, anyhow, if I had stuck to the ship I would have done my best to be saved. And at the time . Nobody would know, of course, but this did not make it any easier for me. You've got to believe that, too. I was not going to give them that satisfaction. That was not the way. the proper thing was to face it out--alone for myself--wait for another chance--find out .
And again there was that oppressive silence. Stopped the ship. As the first boat was lowered ship went down in a squall. Sank like lead. "and more awful?" He stood there for some time, as if admiring the purity and the peace of the night. "Do you know what was my first thought when I heard? Shouts for help . The others did not. And I was hearing them even then! 'The Patna . French gunboat . towed successfully to Aden . But the lights! The lights did go! They were not there. Jim stuck to it that there was nothing to be seen after the first shower had cleared away; and the others had affirmed the same thing to the officers of the Avondale. "Fort intrigues par ce cadavre," as I was informed a long time after by an elderly French lieutenant whom I came across one afternoon in Sydney, by the merest chance, in a sort of cafe, and who remembered the affair perfectly. "One had to attend to the most pressing. Two!" This was absolutely the first gesture I saw him make. "I remained on board that--that--my memory is going (s'en va). he sighed idly . It was a delicate position. Thirty hours! But he seemed to forget all about it. "I am now third lieutenant of the Victorieuse" (she was the flagship of the French Pacific squadron at the time), he said, detaching his shoulders from the wall a couple of inches to introduce himself. That _is_ it." "And so that poor young man ran away along with the others," he said, with grave tranquillity. The young, the young," he said indulgently. "One is always afraid. "The fear, the fear--look you--it is always there." Brave! And you have got to live with that truth--do you see? Yes. One puts up with it. "His own feeling in the matter was--ah!--hopeful, and . "Serviteur," said the Frenchman. He was then working for De Jongh, on my recommendation. Water-clerk. He fondly hoped he had done with the sea for ever, and made sure he had got hold of all the bliss on earth, but it came to canvassing in the end. He made us laugh till we cried, and, not altogether displeased at the effect, undersized and bearded to the waist like a gnome, he would tiptoe amongst us and say, "It's all very well for you beggars to laugh, but my immortal soul was shrivelled down to the size of a parched pea after a week of that work." "Clear out! He towered above the light, and I could see the down on his cheek, the colour mantling warm under the smooth skin of his face. They! He was silent. "You don't seem to understand," he said incisively; then looking at me without a wink, "I may have jumped, but I don't run away." here it is." He had found his hat. For a few seconds we hung in the wind. I believe I shouted suddenly at him as you would bellow to a man you saw about to walk over a cliff; I remember our voices being raised, the appearance of a miserable grin on his face, a crushing clutch on my hand, a nervous laugh. The candle spluttered out, and the thing was over at last, with a groan that floated up to me in the dark. He got himself away somehow. The night swallowed his form. And he was not yet four-and-twenty.'
The court found she was not. "Yes," he said thickly. "And now let no man . He, too, had been looking after Jim. He had been pearler, wrecker, trader, whaler too, I believe; in his own words--anything and everything a man may be at sea, but a pirate. Lately he had discovered--so he said--a guano island somewhere, but its approaches were dangerous, and the anchorage, such as it was, could not be considered safe, to say the least of it. "As good as a gold-mine," he would exclaim. A bit of ass's skin. That never yet made a man. Old Robinson. Trouble, trouble; as likely as not a knock on the head; and serve 'em right too. Of course. Had to! I asked. Says he, 'I wouldn't do it if there was no other place on earth to send a ship to.' The chap had a wonderful eye for things. It was a real pleasure to talk with him. he! "He! no! 'I said that was true, and after remarking that he too liked to live well and in style, only that, for the present, he had to be saving of every penny--"none too many for the business! I'll give him a job on my island." Surely he wouldn't be afraid of anything forty coolies could do--with two six-shooters and he the only armed man too! He ain't a puppy."
What?" I caught sight of Jim leaning over the parapet of the quay. I steered him into my bedroom, and sat down at once to write letters. A glass door opened on an upstairs verandah, and he stood with his face to it, having a hard time with all possible privacy. That strange idealist had found a practical use for it at once--unerringly, as it were. He was rooted to the spot, but convulsive shudders ran down his back; his shoulders would heave suddenly. He was fighting, he was fighting--mostly for his breath, as it seemed. His back was no longer shaken by his gasps; he stood straight as an arrow, faintly visible and still; and the meaning of this stillness sank to the bottom of my soul like lead into the water, and made it so heavy that for a second I wished heartily that the only course left open for me was to pay for his funeral. To bury him would have been such an easy kindness! At this point I took up a fresh sheet and began to write resolutely. I had a sense of responsibility. If I spoke, would that motionless and suffering youth leap into the obscurity--clutch at the straw? No! 'The time was coming when I should see him loved, trusted, admired, with a legend of strength and prowess forming round his name as though he had been the stuff of a hero. He captured much honour and an Arcadian happiness (I won't say anything about innocence) in the bush, and it was as good to him as the honour and the Arcadian happiness of the streets to another man. He was of the sort that would drink deep, as you may guess from what went before. the potent word that exorcises from the house of life the haunting shadow of fate. He was not clear. And there is a suspicion he was not clear to himself either. He stepped in, closing the door behind him, and found me bending over the table: my sudden anxiety as to what he would say was very great, and akin to a fright. he asked. "Just a moment." "A bit of shelter," he mumbled and ceased. . "Some day one's bound to come upon some sort of chance to get it all back again. Must!" 'I did not even know what it was he wished so much to regain, what it was he had so terribly missed. It might have been so much that it was impossible to say. I feel as if nothing could ever touch me," he said in a tone of sombre conviction. He stuttered. "Perfect deluge," he muttered after a while: he leaned his forehead on the glass. I lost no time in entreating him earnestly not to be absurd; to come in and shut the door.' "That isn't the thing," was the comment that escaped him under his breath. "You can't," he said very simply and gently, and holding fast to some deep idea which I could detect shimmering like a pool of water in the dark, but which I despaired of ever approaching near enough to fathom. I don't pretend to do more." "The money . And perhaps he is, after all). I make myself unreservedly responsible for you. he gasped out. "It is noble of you!" He became another man altogether. "And I had never seen," he shouted; then suddenly bit his lip and frowned. "Why! and then his voice seemed to break. It was ten to one that I had saved him from starvation--of that peculiar sort that is almost invariably associated with drink. "You have given me confidence," he declared, soberly. "I always thought that if a fellow could begin with a clean slate . in a measure .
 'Six months afterwards my friend (he was a cynical, more than middle-aged bachelor, with a reputation for eccentricity, and owned a rice-mill) wrote to me, and judging, from the warmth of my recommendation, that I would like to hear, enlarged a little upon Jim's perfections. It appeared, however, that Jim was clever enough to be quietly appreciative of his wit, while, on the other hand, he amused him by his naiveness. 'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. One chance in a hundred! That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. "I couldn't stand the familiarity of the little beast," Jim wrote from a seaport seven hundred miles south of the place where he should have been in clover. I asked. He didn't. . This is better than the old ship--ain't it?' 'Jim was silent for a while. We shook hands in silence, and he turned to go. "Jim!" you--you--" I began, and had to cast about for a suitable word, but before I became aware that there was no name that would just do, he was gone. . He has left us. "A man like that don't go anywhere in particular." "Wasn't there something said about the Patna case?" He was standing by this table eating sandwiches, and the rest of us were round the telescope watching that steamer come in; and by-and-by Vanlo's manager began to talk about the chief of the Patna; he had done some repairs for him once, and from that he went on to tell us what an old ruin she was, and the money that had been made out of her. I thought he meant it was time for him to go down to his work. Egstrom & Blake! 'This business ain't going to sink,' says I. "Haven't been able to get a man that was any good since. '"He was the mate of the Patna that voyage," I said, feeling that I owed some explanation. For a time Egstrom remained very still, with his fingers plunged in the hair at the side of his face, and then exploded. "And who the devil cares about that?" he exclaimed, "I told him the earth wouldn't be big enough to hold his caper."' To the common mind he became known as a rolling stone, because this was the funniest part: he did after a time become perfectly known, and even notorious, within the circle of his wanderings (which had a diameter of, say, three thousand miles), in the same way as an eccentric character is known to a whole countryside. And, of course, he was no fool. It was very lucky for the Dane that he could swim, because the room opened on a verandah and the Menam flowed below very wide and black. "Everybody in the room seemed to know," he said, gasping yet from the contest, as it were. Even Schomberg was very much annoyed. "He is a very nice young man," he said argumentatively to me, "but the lieutenant is a first-rate fellow too. No, no! He was extremely sore on the subject. 'This was the worst incident of all in his--his retreat. For all my confidence in him I could not help reflecting that in such cases from the name to the thing itself is but a step. It was pitiful to see how he shrank within himself. Nevertheless, as soon as he had spoken I became completely convinced that the work was killing. I felt at once convinced that he was right. 'This Stein was a wealthy and respected merchant. His "house" (because it was a house, Stein & Co., and there was some sort of partner who, as Stein said, "looked after the Moluccas") had a large inter-island business, with a lot of trading posts established in the most out-of-the-way places for collecting the produce.
The house was silent. Catacombs of beetles. 'He bent forward in the chair and gazed intently, his chin over the front of the case. I stood at his back. "Marvellous," he whispered, and seemed to forget my presence. He had been born in Bavaria, and when a youth of twenty-two had taken an active part in the revolutionary movement of 1848. It was that naturalist who, engaging him as a sort of assistant, took him to the East. He had a little money; he started life afresh, and in the course of years acquired a considerable fortune. This wonder; this masterpiece of Nature--the great artist." '"Man is amazing, but he is not a masterpiece," he said, keeping his eyes fixed on the glass case. You don't know what it is for a collector to capture such a rare specimen. I too was young then. They got my poor Mohammed to send for me and then laid that ambush. And as I looked at his face for some sign of life I observed something like a faint shadow pass over his forehead. It was the shadow of this butterfly. I had greatly desired to possess myself of a specimen of that species when collecting for the professor. I took long journeys and underwent great privations; I had dreamed of him in my sleep, and here suddenly I had him in my fingers--for myself! The frail and beautiful wings quivered faintly, as if his breath had for an instant called back to life that gorgeous object of his dreams. I have been this rare specimen describing. '"Butterfly?" "A man!" Then after looking at me for a while he said slowly, "Well--I am a man too." He is romantic." One thing alone can us from being ourselves cure!" There was a pause. "Yes," said I, "strictly speaking, the question is not how to get cured, but how to live." "How to be! Ach! How to be." '"We want in so many different ways to be," he began again. In a dream. Was? A man that is born falls into a dream like a man who falls into the sea. If he tries to climb out into the air as inexperienced people endeavour to do, he drowns--nicht wahr? 'With a hasty swish-swish of his slippers he loomed up in the ring of faint light, and suddenly appeared in the bright circle of the lamp. There were things, he said mournfully, that perhaps could never be told, only he had lived so much alone that sometimes he forgot--he forgot. "And yet it is true--it is true. In the destructive element immerse." "That was the way. It was a shame, he said. Very good, too," he added. What is it that for you and me makes him--exist?" At the door of my room he faced me. He was going back to his butterflies.' Thus with Patusan. It was referred to knowingly in the inner government circles in Batavia, especially as to its irregularities and aberrations, and it was known by name to some few, very few, in the mercantile world. It was Jim who went there. . It was solely for his wife's sake that Stein had appointed him manager of Stein & Co.'s trading post in Patusan; but commercially the arrangement was not a success, at any rate for the firm, and now the woman had died, Stein was disposed to try another agent there. "But I don't think he will go away from the place," remarked Stein. "That has nothing to do with me. That was the distinctive quality of the part into which Stein and I had tumbled him unwittingly, with no other notion than to get him out of the way; out of his own way, be it understood. I was going home, and he had come to me from there, with his miserable trouble and his shadowy claim, like a man panting under a burden in a mist. He had straggled in a way; he had not hung on; but he was aware of it with an intensity that made him touching, just as a man's more intense life makes his death more touching than the death of a tree. I only knew he was one of us. And what business had he to be romantic? I ought to be delighted, for it is a victory in which I had taken my part; but I am not so pleased as I would have expected to be. Yet you, too, in your time must have known the intensity of life, that light of glamour created in the shock of trifles, as amazing as the glow of sparks struck from a cold stone--and as short-lived, alas!'
You find the name of the country pretty often in collections of old voyages. The seventeenth-century traders went there for pepper, because the passion for pepper seemed to burn like a flame of love in the breast of Dutch and English adventurers about the time of James the First. Be it as it may, nobody cares for it now; the glory has departed, the Sultan is an imbecile youth with two thumbs on his left hand and an uncertain and beggarly revenue extorted from a miserable population and stolen from him by his many uncles. He was a dirty, little, used-up old man with evil eyes and a weak mouth, who swallowed an opium pill every two hours, and in defiance of common decency wore his hair uncovered and falling in wild stringy locks about his wizened grimy face. We had to deal with another sort of reality. I remember, as I unfolded our precious scheme for his retreat, how his stubborn but weary resignation was gradually replaced by surprise, interest, wonder, and by boyish eagerness. This was a chance he had been dreaming of. There was really no one to receive his thanks. He was in a fair way to make life intolerable to himself . Of course he didn't mind a wilderness. That was where he would be going to. Once he got in, it would be for the outside world as though he had never existed. He would have nothing but the soles of his two feet to stand upon, and he would have first to find his ground at that. He flung out of the room before I had fairly finished speaking.' That was awfully funny. He knew something about that. This is luck at last . Never get out. It was easy enough to remain. '"Come back to what?" "Is it to be never, then?" "Never," he repeated dreamily without looking at me, and then flew into sudden activity. 'It was true. He had forgotten to take them. Patusan." He was going to carry the gentleman to the mouth of the river, but would "never ascend." Keeping one eye on the movements of his crew forward, he let loose his volubility--comparing the place to a "cage of beasts made ravenous by long impenitence." He had no intention, he cried, to "exhibit himself to be made attached purposefully to robbery." Behind him I perceived Jim smiling silently at me, and with a raised hand checking the exclamation on my lips. 'Then, while the half-caste, bursting with importance, shouted his orders, while the yards swung creaking and the heavy boom came surging over, Jim and I, alone as it were, to leeward of the mainsail, clasped each other's hands and exchanged the last hurried words. There was a moment of real and profound intimacy, unexpected and short-lived like a glimpse of some everlasting, of some saving truth. And the best thing for him was to go. Of me, or from me, I don't know which.
'The coast of Patusan (I saw it nearly two years afterwards) is straight and sombre, and faces a misty ocean. Swampy plains open out at the mouth of rivers, with a view of jagged blue peaks beyond the vast forests. He talked to me (the second white man he had ever seen) with confidence, and most of his talk was about the first white man he had ever seen. He called him Tuan Jim, and the tone of his references was made remarkable by a strange mixture of familiarity and awe. They, in the village, were under that lord's special protection, which showed that Jim bore no grudge. There was already a story that the tide had turned two hours before its time to help him on his journey up the river. What would the Rajah say to this? 'He sat in it, as I've told you, on his tin box, nursing the unloaded revolver on his lap. Only very soon he had to give that up. Such was the way in which he was approaching greatness as genuine as any man ever achieved. Principally, he longed for sunset; and meantime his three paddlers were preparing to put into execution their plan of delivering him up to the Rajah. That seemed to strike them dumb. He paused. 'I observed quickly that he had found that out in the end. want to leave! It would have been--it would have been harder than dying. To get what?" He had to give in to my arguments, because all his conquests, the trust, the fame, the friendships, the love--all these things that made him master had made him a captive, too. 'It was something to be proud of. That is why he seemed to love the land and the people with a sort of fierce egoism, with a contemptuous tenderness.' Even where he would be most hated he was still trusted. Some poor villagers had been waylaid and robbed while on their way to Doramin's house with a few pieces of gum or beeswax which they wished to exchange for rice. When Jim had done there was a great stillness. While we were going down the courtyard to our boat, escorted by the intelligent and cheery executioner, Jim said he was very sorry. Many people trust me to do that--for them. Most likely he is afraid of me because I am not afraid of his coffee." It was only when he tried to move his legs and found he couldn't that, in his own words, "he came to himself." He was a flying terror. He says he noticed the little children trying to run for life, falling on their little stomachs and kicking. He just had breath enough to gasp out, "Doramin! 'He seemed to have a great liking for Doramin's old wife. He was the chief of the second power in Patusan. The immigrants from Celebes (about sixty families that, with dependants and so on, could muster some two hundred men "wearing the kriss") had elected him years ago for their head. They formed the party opposed to the Rajah. Rajah Allang pretended to be the only trader in his country, and the penalty for the breach of the monopoly was death; but his idea of trading was indistinguishable from the commonest forms of robbery. The situation was complicated by a wandering stranger, an Arab half-breed, who, I believe, on purely religious grounds, had incited the tribes in the interior (the bush-folk, as Jim himself called them) to rise, and had established himself in a fortified camp on the summit of one of the twin hills. He hung over the town of Patusan like a hawk over a poultry-yard, but he devastated the open country. The younger spirits amongst them, chaffing, advised to "get Sherif Ali with his wild men and drive the Rajah Allang out of the country."
 'Doramin was one of the most remarkable men of his race I had ever seen. His bulk for a Malay was immense, but he did not look merely fat; he looked imposing, monumental. When he walked, two short, sturdy young fellows, naked to the waist, in white sarongs and with black skull-caps on the backs of their heads, sustained his elbows; they would ease him down and stand behind his chair till he wanted to rise, when he would turn his head slowly, as if with difficulty, to the right and to the left, and then they would catch him under his armpits and help him up. The son of these old people was a most distinguished youth. Perhaps he was not really so young as he looked. he said triumphantly. "It seemed to come to me," he murmured. "All at once I saw what I had to do . 'There was no doubt that it had come to him; and it had come through war, too, as is natural, since this power that came to him was the power to make peace. But to see that was nothing. And that was nothing. He had to devise the means. I seemed to behold the very origin of friendship. In fact, Jim the leader was a captive in every sense. The thing was to get them up there. He had induced the war party to work hard all night. From the top he saw men moving on the hillside like ants at work. Old Doramin had himself carried up the hill in his arm-chair. Nobody believed it could be done. Yes, it was said, there had been many ropes cunningly disposed, and a strange contrivance that turned by the efforts of many men, and each gun went up tearing slowly through the bushes, like a wild pig rooting its way in the undergrowth, but . As to the simple folk of outlying villages, they believed and said (as the most natural thing in the world) that Jim had carried the guns up the hill on his back--two at a time. I suppose not," he said, and burst into a Homeric peal of laughter. You should have seen the splinters fly," he cried. He declared, and I believe him, that he had no fears as to the result. He didn't bother about the result. Those people had trusted him implicitly. Fact. His word decided everything--ever since the smashing of Sherif Ali. An awful responsibility," he repeated. It was in truth immense. Jim and Dain Waris were the first to lay their hands on the stakes. If it hadn't been for Dain Waris, a pock-marked tattooed vagabond would have pinned him with his spear to a baulk of timber like one of Stein's beetles. The third man in, it seems, had been Tamb' Itam, Jim's own servant. This was a Malay from the north, a stranger who had wandered into Patusan, and had been forcibly detained by Rajah Allang as paddler of one of the state boats. He was inseparable from Jim like a morose shadow. Jim had made him the headman of his establishment, and all Patusan respected and courted him as a person of much influence. At the taking of the stockade he had distinguished himself greatly by the methodical ferocity of his fighting. 'The rout, it seems, had been complete. '"It was . it was immense! It took its tone from the stillness and gloom of the land without a past, where his word was the one truth of every passing day.
'The defeated Sherif Ali fled the country without making another stand, and when the miserable hunted villagers began to crawl out of the jungle back to their rotting houses, it was Jim who, in consultation with Dain Waris, appointed the headmen. The Bugis had been extremely anxious to pay off old scores, and the impassive old Doramin cherished the hope of yet seeing his son ruler of Patusan. He too, as he protested, had an unbounded confidence in Tuan Jim's wisdom. 'I tried to put the subject aside. It was difficult, for there could be no question that Jim had the power; in his new sphere there did not seem to be anything that was not his to hold or to give. They go to their own land, to their people, and so this white man too would. He had a conscience, and it was a romantic conscience. But he was capable of anything. "Jewel! Going to Patusan? He knew. So! Well, then, there might be something in the story too, after all, and . What? He had better look out for himself. Small commission for the trouble. People said the white man could be seen with her almost any day; they walked side by side, openly, he holding her arm under his--pressed to his side--thus--in a most extraordinary way. I made a third on more than one occasion, unpleasantly aware every time of Cornelius, who nursed the aggrieved sense of his legal paternity, slinking in the neighbourhood with that peculiar twist of his mouth as if he were perpetually on the point of gnashing his teeth. What I remember best is the even, olive pallor of her complexion, and the intense blue-black gleams of her hair, flowing abundantly from under a small crimson cap she wore far back on her shapely head. Her manner presented a curious combination of shyness and audacity. Her tenderness hovered over him like a flutter of wings. There was no appeal, as it were; he was imprisoned within the very freedom of his power, and she, though ready to make a footstool of her head for his feet, guarded her conquest inflexibly--as though he were hard to keep. Though he had (by the favour of the white lord) a house in the compound, had "taken wife," and had lately been blessed with a child, I believe that, during my stay at all events, he slept on the verandah every night. In this he was actuated by a sense of duty; he had to look after Stein's business, he said. And his loathsomeness, too, was abject, so that a simply disgusting person would have appeared noble by his side. He tried to hint it was his late wife's fault. And I couldn't see what there was to prevent him if he really _had_ made up his mind. 'He told me further that he didn't know what made him hang on--but of course we may guess. He pursued her, dashing in and out and round the house and amongst the sheds, would drive her into some corner, where she would fall on her knees stopping her ears, and then he would stand at a distance and declaim filthy denunciations at her back for half an hour at a stretch. It was indeed a strange thing to come upon in a wilderness. She said--Jim told me impressively--that if she had not been sure he was intensely wretched himself, she would have found the courage to kill him with her own hands. It is a curious question how far Cornelius was sincere in that performance. He lay on his back on a thin mat spread over the bamboo flooring, trying idly to make out the bare rafters, and listening to the rustlings in the torn thatch. A star suddenly twinkled through a hole in the roof. His brain was in a whirl; but, nevertheless, it was on that very night that he matured his plan for overcoming Sherif Ali. He could see, as it were, the guns mounted on the top of the hill. He was possessed by his new idea, and so full of it that he could not help telling the girl all about it at once. She listened, clapped her hands lightly, whispered softly her admiration, but was evidently on the alert all the time. I am going to live here, in Patusan." Hadn't slept like that for weeks.
Jim spent the day with the old nakhoda, preaching the necessity of vigorous action to the principal men of the Bugis community, who had been summoned for a big talk. Sherif Ali's emissaries had been seen in the market-place the day before, strutting about haughtily in white cloaks, and boasting of the Rajah's friendship for their master. The terror amongst the common people was intense. 'As he had got the Bugis irretrievably committed to action and had made himself responsible for success on his own head, he was so elated that in the lightness of his heart he absolutely tried to be civil with Cornelius. He clutched the edge of the table. asked Jim. He wondered what he could do for her. He was weary of these attempts upon his life. He had had his fill of these alarms. He assured me he was angry with the girl for deceiving him. he asked. Again the girl was by his side. . 'He told me that he had never felt so small, so powerless--and as to courage, what was the good of it? A turmoil of smoke eddied down upon an empty wooden crate in the middle of the floor, a litter of rags and straw tried to soar, but only stirred feebly in the draught. I had been living for days with a stone on my chest." Not a trace, not a sign of anybody. yelled Jim contemptuously, but his impulse to burst into a resentful exasperated laugh died without a sound: he had perceived in the very act of turning away that he was exchanging glances with a pair of eyes in the heap of mats. He saw a shifting gleam of whites. "Come out!" Behind him the mats as it were jumped and flew, his right arm was raised with a crooked elbow, and the dull blade of a kriss protruded from his fist held off, a little above his head. 'Jim noted all this. He let him come on because it did not matter. He noticed the dilated nostrils, the wide eyes, the intent, eager stillness of the face, and then he fired. He saw the man jerk his head up, fling his arms forward, and drop the kriss. He ascertained afterwards that he had shot him through the mouth, a little upwards, the bullet coming out high at the back of the skull. He found himself calm, appeased, without rancour, without uneasiness, as if the death of that man had atoned for everything. He walked in resolutely, striding over the dead body, and covered with his revolver another naked figure outlined vaguely at the other end. Jim said. Accordingly two more crawled from under the mats, holding out ostentatiously their empty hands. he ordered. They stepped out together, rigidly; he followed, and at the side the girl, in a trailing white gown, her black hair falling as low as her waist, bore the light. "Take my greetings to Sherif Ali--till I come myself," said Jim. "Jump!" "I--I love her dearly. More than I can tell. But only try to think what her life has been. This was the view he took of his love affair; it was idyllic, a little solemn, and also true, since his belief had all the unshakable seriousness of youth. Ask any man here" . Never! . Nothing. What of that? She wanted an assurance, a statement, a promise, an explanation--I don't know how to call it: the thing has no name. She had been carried off to Patusan before her eyes were open. Her lover also came to her from there, gifted with irresistible seductions; but what would become of her if he should return to these inconceivable regions that seemed always to claim back their own? . She was audacious and shrinking. She feared the unknown as we all do, and her ignorance made the unknown infinitely vast. I began by protesting that I at least had come with no intention to take Jim away. 'Why did I come, then? I tried to explain briefly: friendship, business; if I had any wish in the matter it was rather to see him stay. . Nothing, I said, could separate Jim from her. He said then he would not abandon her to Cornelius. She wanted him to leave her. He said that he could not--that it was impossible. She was afraid for him too. 'She was unselfish when she urged Jim to leave her, and even to leave the country. She went on explaining that, during the last moments, being alone with her mother, she had to leave the side of the couch to go and set her back against the door, in order to keep Cornelius out. He swore to me!". These were the things she knew! but he is not like that." Is he better? "More true than any other man," she repeated in lingering accents. I was struck by her silence. There was no answer. To discover that she had a voice at all was enough to strike awe into the heart. You must feel that. She had that and everything else--if she could only believe it. What I had to tell her was that in the whole world there was no one who ever would need his heart, his mind, his hand. Never! He was all that. He was more. He was great--invincible--and the world did not want him, it had forgotten him, it would not even know him. The spectre was trying to slip out of my grasp. "Because he is not good enough," I said brutally. You lie!" 'The last two words she cried at me in the native dialect. Footsteps were approaching; I slipped away without another word.
he cried cheerily. Jim was asking; and then, "Gone down--has he? You there, Marlow?" He was going to try ever so many experiments; I had admired his energy, his enterprise, and his shrewdness. It is valiant enough to bear the burden, but where is the courage that would cast it off? It was a strange and melancholy illusion, evolved half-consciously like all our illusions, which I suspect only to be visions of remote unattainable truth, seen dimly. He bolted out, vermin-like, from the long grass growing in a depression of the ground. 'I don't know whether it was the demoralisation of my utter defeat in my encounter with a spectre of fear less than an hour ago, but I let him capture me without even a show of resistance. I was doomed to be the recipient of confidences, and to be confronted with unanswerable questions. nearly. Well--what of that? And now he was seeing me off. The man was too insignificant to be dangerous, though he was as full of hate as he could hold. He wanted me to intercede with Jim in his favour. The gist of the affair, which became clear to me gradually, was in this, that he regarded himself as entitled to some money in exchange for the girl. He had brought her up. Somebody else's child. In consideration of a "suitable present" given at once, he would, he declared, be willing to undertake the charge of the girl, "without any other provision--when the time came for the gentleman to go home." "In this case, Mr. Cornelius," I said, "the time will never come." He will never go home." His voice became quite extinct; he was bothered by a little cough; he came up close to the fence and told me, dropping into a confidential and piteous tone, that he would not be trampled upon. He leaned his forehead against the fence, and in that position uttered threats and horrible blasphemies in Portuguese in very weak ejaculations, mingled with miserable plaints and groans, coming out with a heave of the shoulders as though he had been overtaken by a deadly fit of sickness. It was an inexpressibly grotesque and vile performance, and I hastened away. But as to what I was leaving behind, I cannot imagine any alteration. But the figure round which all these are grouped--that one lives, and I am not certain of him. No magician's wand can immobilise him under my eyes. He is one of us. 'Jim, as I've told you, accompanied me on the first stage of my journey back to the world he had renounced, and the way at times seemed to lead through the very heart of untouched wilderness. We landed on a bit of white beach. Jim listened for a time without looking up, and at last told him gently to wait. He would hear him by-and-by. '"The trouble is," remarked Jim moodily, "that for generations these beggars of fishermen in that village there had been considered as the Rajah's personal slaves--and the old rip can't get it into his head that . 'He paused. "That you have changed all that," I said. No. Never. '"Good-bye, then," he said, after a pause. 'We shook hands, and I walked to the boat, which waited with her nose on the beach. "In a year or so if I live," I said. "Tell them . he began. Tell who? . 'By that time the sun had set. They, too, I should think, were in luck, and I was sure their pertinacity would be equal to it. For me that white figure in the stillness of coast and sea seemed to stand at the heart of a vast enigma. And, suddenly, I lost him.
Men drifted off the verandah in pairs or alone without loss of time, without offering a remark, as if the last image of that incomplete story, its incompleteness itself, and the very tone of the speaker, had made discussion in vain and comment impossible. Each of them seemed to carry away his own impression, to carry it away with him like a secret; but there was only one man of all these listeners who was ever to hear the last word of the story. It came to him at home, more than two years later, and it came contained in a thick packet addressed in Marlow's upright and angular handwriting. A good many pages closely blackened and pinned together; a loose square sheet of greyish paper with a few words traced in a handwriting he had never seen before, and an explanatory letter from Marlow. From this last fell another letter, yellowed by time and frayed on the folds. The point, however, is that of all mankind Jim had no dealings but with himself, and the question is whether at the last he had not confessed to a faith mightier than the laws of order and progress. I suppose he had carried out his intention of making out of his house a place of defence. Doramin had agreed to furnish him the guns; and so each man of his party would know there was a place of safety, upon which every faithful partisan could rally in case of some sudden danger. Within he would be an invincible host in himself "The Fort, Patusan." What is a number and a name to a day of days? It is also impossible to say whom he had in his mind when he seized the pen: Stein--myself--the world at large--or was this only the aimless startled cry of a solitary man confronted by his fate? "I must now at once . It is from his father, and by the date you can see he must have received it a few days before he joined the Patna. There is nothing in it except just affection. He hopes his "dear James" will never forget that "who once gives way to temptation, in the very instant hazards his total depravity and everlasting ruin. Therefore resolve fixedly never, through any possible motives, to do anything which you believe to be wrong." 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. This astounding adventure, of which the most astounding part is that it is true, comes on as an unavoidable consequence. I shall never hear his voice again, nor shall I see his smooth tan-and-pink face with a white line on the forehead, and the youthful eyes darkened by excitement to a profound, unfathomable blue.' "He a man! He was a hollow sham. That would have been like a man! Brown struggled desperately for breath. . And so I did make an end of him after all. . 'So much as to Brown, for the present. "No," he mumbled, hanging his head for a moment, and then with sudden earnestness, "He would not fight. He had a Panama hat on his head, and there were deep furrows on his pale cheeks. . . . Talk to her. Her white figure seemed shaped in snow; the pendent crystals of a great chandelier clicked above her head like glittering icicles. She went on whispering to herself: "And yet he was looking at me! And what is the pursuit of truth, after all? she asked with her lips only. '"He was like the others," she pronounced slowly. The Bugis trader, a shy hesitating man, was very clear in the little he had to say.
 'It all begins, as I've told you, with the man called Brown,' ran the opening sentence of Marlow's narrative. They never failed to let you know, too, that he was supposed to be the son of a baronet. He lost his ship on some rocks off Malaita, and disappeared for a time as though he had gone down with her. 'His tale goes that when a Spanish patrol cutter captured him he was simply trying to run a few guns for the insurgents. 'But in Brown's crew there was a Solomon Islander, kidnapped in his youth and devoted to Brown, who was the best man of the whole gang. Brown related to me in detail their passage down the Straits of Macassar. They were short of food and water; they boarded several native craft and got a little from each. Brown was astonished at the size of the place. Two of his men had been wounded, and he saw his retreat cut off below the town by some boats that had put off from Tunku Allang's stockade. Steering the long-boat in, they landed, and, to make a long story short, they established themselves on a little knoll about 900 yards from the stockade, which, in fact, they commanded from that position. They seemed to be anchored across the stream. It was an immense place. They did not speak to each other. Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. That brave and intelligent youth ("who knew how to fight after the manner of white men") wished to settle the business off-hand, but his people were too much for him. He was not the visible, tangible incarnation of unfailing truth and of unfailing victory. Beloved, trusted, and admired as he was, he was still one of _them_, while Jim was one of us. Moreover, the white man, a tower of strength in himself, was invulnerable, while Dain Waris could be killed. It was to her that Dain Waris had gone at once at the first intelligence of danger, for you must know that Jim was the only one in Patusan who possessed a store of gunpowder. Stein, with whom he had kept up intimate relations by letters, had obtained from the Dutch Government a special authorisation to export five hundred kegs of it to Patusan. The powder-magazine was a small hut of rough logs covered entirely with earth, and in Jim's absence the girl had the key. He was, of course, the chief man there. Wild and exaggerated rumours were flying: there was a large ship at the mouth of the river with big guns and many more men--some white, others with black skins and of bloodthirsty appearance. Dain Waris in his father's presence would offer no opinion, though the girl entreated him in Jim's name to speak out. To cut off the escape of those who might survive, and to prevent more of them coming up, Dain Waris was ordered by Doramin to take an armed party of Bugis down the river to a certain spot ten miles below Patusan, and there form a camp on the shore and blockade the stream with the canoes. A distribution of powder, bullets, and percussion-caps was made immediately under the girl's supervision. 'Half an hour's confidential talk with Cornelius opened Brown's eyes as to the home affairs of Patusan. He was on the alert at once. 'Kassim disliked Doramin and his Bugis very much, but he hated the new order of things still more. They would have no friends. Brown preserved a stern and inscrutable demeanour. In the course of his negotiations with Kassim he became aware that he was supposed to have a big ship with plenty of men outside. Brown, who, apparently indifferent and gazing away, listened with attention to every word, could not make out clearly what sort of man this Jim could be. Jim! Jim! He wanted the white man's ship to come up the river, and this news, he feared, would be discouraging.
For doing a real stroke of business he could not help thinking the white man was the person to work with. He, Brown, would offer him the power. No man could hesitate. Let him only once get in and . They would work like brothers till . The land already seemed to be his to tear to pieces, squeeze, and throw away. Perhaps one of the inhabitants, who had fled to the other bank of the river, coming back for some object of domestic use. That was what we wanted. They were two hundred to one, and this gave them something to think over for the night. Not one of them had an idea of such a long shot before. "Two hundred to one. strike terror, . terror, terror, I tell you. It was already time for men to take sides, it began to be said. 'Then one of the whites remembered that some tobacco had been left in the boat, and, encouraged by the impunity of the Solomon Islander, said he would go to fetch it. A moment later he was heard clambering into the boat and then clambering out. . Then the voice, declaiming in the sonorous inflated tone of a herald, and shifting continually on the edge of the vague waste-land, proclaimed that between the men of the Bugis nation living in Patusan and the white men on the hill and those with them, there would be no faith, no compassion, no speech, no peace. 'He was a Bugis of Tondano only lately come to Patusan, and a relation of the man shot in the afternoon. He was startled when Brown's man shouted. he asked of Cornelius, who hung about him. Brown asked. Sure. "For joy," snorted Cornelius; "he is a very great man, but all the same, he knows no more than a child, and so they make a great noise to please him, because they know no better." "Look here," said Brown, "how is one to get at him?" "He shall come to talk to you," Cornelius declared. He is just like a fool. Brown was incredulous. "He is not afraid--not afraid of anything. He will come and order you to leave his people alone. He is like a little child. he knew Jim well--that "mean little skunk," as Brown called him to me. What should he do? A contempt, a weariness, the desire of life, the wish to try for one more chance--for some other grave--struggled in his breast. They faced each other across the creek, and with steady eyes tried to understand each other before they opened their lips. Their antagonism must have been expressed in their glances; I know that Brown hated Jim at first sight. This was not the man he had expected to see. He hated him for this--and in a checked flannel shirt with sleeves cut off at the elbows, grey bearded, with a sunken, sun-blackened face--he cursed in his heart the other's youth and assurance, his clear eyes and his untroubled bearing. He had all the advantages on his side--possession, security, power; he was on the side of an overwhelming force! He was not hungry and desperate, and he did not seem in the least afraid. "It's easy to tell. He had come down of his own free will. Either bring your infernal crowd along or let us go out and starve in the open sea, by God! But it would be too easy. I remembered all these stories while, wiping his matted lump of a beard with a livid hand, he was telling me from his noisome couch how he got round, got in, got home, on that confounded, immaculate, don't-you-touch-me sort of fellow.
Who was he?" He admitted to me that Jim wasn't of the sort that can be got over by truckling, and accordingly he took care to show himself as a man confronting without dismay ill-luck, censure, and disaster. But he didn't tell Jim this. And there ran through the rough talk a vein of subtle reference to their common blood, an assumption of common experience; a sickening suggestion of common guilt, of secret knowledge that was like a bond of their minds and of their hearts. "Will you promise to leave the coast?" Jim asked. 'Jim said nothing to this. he continued. "You shall have a clear road or else a clear fight." He turned on his heel and walked away. "Why didn't you kill him?" "Because I could do better than that," Brown said with an amused smile. No doubt he discussed the course to follow with him then, but no man was present at the conversation. Tamb' Itam himself hoped there would be some fighting. It would be a good thing if they went away. Their chief had spoken to him in the language of his own people, making clear many things difficult to explain in any other speech. And that he had never deceived them. He was ready to answer with his life for any harm that should come to them if the white men with beards were allowed to retire. Had his words ever brought suffering to the people? He turned to Doramin. "Then," said Jim, "call in Dain Waris, your son, my friend, for in this business I shall not lead."' 'Tamb' Itam behind his chair was thunderstruck. "Let them go because this is best in my knowledge which has never deceived you," Jim insisted. But most of them simply said that they "believed Tuan Jim." But if Jim did not mistrust Brown, he was evidently anxious that some misunderstanding should not occur, ending perhaps in collision and bloodshed. "I am responsible for every life in the land," he said. Tuan Jim gave his orders and was obeyed. He was considerably cold-shouldered, but managed to preserve his smiling, quiet alertness, and professed himself highly delighted when Jim told him sternly that he proposed to occupy the stockade on that night with his own men. 'About ten or so Jim's men marched in. The stockade commanded the mouth of the creek, and Jim meant to remain there till Brown had passed below. Jim told him to try and sleep. His mission was to go down the river, preceding Brown's boat by an hour or more, to tell Dain Waris finally and formally that the whites were to be allowed to pass out unmolested. His master first put his hand into one pocket, then into another, and finally took off his forefinger Stein's silver ring, which he habitually wore, and gave it to Tamb' Itam. Let your men be careful. Jim chose him to carry the note because he could speak English, was known to Brown, and was not likely to be shot by some nervous mistake of one of the men as a Malay, approaching in the dusk, perhaps might have been. What he had to say made Brown sit up at first, with a curse. He said nothing, and after a while Cornelius remarked, in a tone of complete indifference, that there was another way out of the river which he knew very well. But if something happened that they did not believe him any more, where would he be? Long enough for that," snarled Cornelius.
At a mutter from Cornelius, Brown ordered his men to load. "I'll give you a chance to get even with them before we're done, you dismal cripples, you," he said to his gang. Low growls answered that speech. 'Meantime Tamb' Itam had reached the end of his journey. There again a look-out was kept, for he was challenged. Tamb' Itam began by handing him the ring which vouched for the truth of the messenger's words. The white men, deputing with the consent of all the chiefs, were to be allowed to pass down the river. Dain Waris listened attentively to the end, toying with the ring which ultimately he slipped on the forefinger of his right hand. Orders for the return in the afternoon were given immediately. The sun was eating up the mist. 'It was then that Brown took his revenge upon the world which, after twenty years of contemptuous and reckless bullying, refused him the tribute of a common robber's success. It was an act of cold-blooded ferocity, and it consoled him on his deathbed like a memory of an indomitable defiance. Stealthily he landed his men on the other side of the island opposite to the Bugis camp, and led them across. Nobody even dreamed that the white men could have any knowledge of the narrow channel at the back of the island. When he judged the moment come, Brown yelled, "Let them have it," and fourteen shots rang out like one. A blind panic drove these men in a surging swaying mob to and fro along the shore like a herd of cattle afraid of the water. Three times Brown's men fired into the ruck, Brown, the only one in view, cursing and yelling, "Aim low! 'Tamb' Itam says that, as for him, he understood at the first volley what had happened. At the sound of the first shots Dain Waris, reclining on the couch, jumped up and ran out upon the open shore, just in time to receive a bullet in his forehead at the second discharge. But a story is told of a white long-boat picked up a month later in the Indian Ocean by a cargo steamer. He screeched like a frightened hen till he felt the point; then he was still, and lay staring at me while his life went out of his eyes." Of these Tamb' Itam had an hour's advance. The gate was wide open. Tamb' Itam jumped ashore and ran in headlong. 'Tamb' Itam ran up the steps. His master was sleeping. Tamb' Itam did not move. "It is not safe for thy servant to go out amongst the people," said Tamb' Itam, after hesitating a moment. 'Then Jim understood. People had trusted him with their lives--only for that; and yet they could never, as he had said, never be made to understand him. "There is much weeping. Jim looked up at him. "I have no life," he said. She could not understand. 'The sun was sinking towards the forests when Dain Waris's body was brought into Doramin's campong. 'The Malay who had brought Tamb' Itam and the girl to Samarang was there too. Tamb' Itam followed him, but turning his head, he saw that she had struggled up to her feet. she screamed out after Jim. "I am come ready and unarmed," he repeated. People remarked that the ring which he had dropped on his lap fell and rolled against the foot of the white man, and that poor Jim glanced down at the talisman that had opened for him the door of fame, love, and success within the wall of forests fringed with white foam, within the coast that under the western sun looks like the very stronghold of the night. He passes away under a cloud, inscrutable at heart, forgotten, unforgiven, and excessively romantic.
Later on the bill is sent in. It is a beautiful and humane occupation. When a water-clerk who possesses Ability in the abstract has also the advantage of having been brought up to the sea, he is worth to his employer a lot of money and some humouring. as soon as his back was turned. He kept to seaports because he was a seaman in exile from the sea, and had Ability in the abstract, which is good for no other work but that of a water-clerk. The living had belonged to the family for generations; but Jim was one of five sons, and when after a course of light holiday literature his vocation for the sea had declared itself, he was sent at once to a 'training-ship for officers of the mercantile marine.' On the lower deck in the babel of two hundred voices he would forget himself, and beforehand live in his mind the sea-life of light literature. It was the dusk of a winter's day. He stood still. 'Collision. He heard a splash. 'Better luck next time. After two years of training he went to sea, and entering the regions so well known to his imagination, found them strangely barren of adventure. He was gentlemanly, steady, tractable, with a thorough knowledge of his duties; and in time, when yet very young, he became chief mate of a fine ship, without ever having been tested by those events of the sea that show in the light of day the inner worth of a man, the edge of his temper, and the fibre of his stuff; that reveal the quality of his resistance and the secret truth of his pretences, not only to others but also to himself. Jim, disabled by a falling spar at the beginning of a week of which his Scottish captain used to say afterwards, 'Man! His recovery was slow, and he was left behind. The Patna was a local steamer as old as the hills, lean like a greyhound, and eaten up with rust worse than a condemned water-tank. 'Look at dese cattle,' said the German skipper to his new chief mate. He walked slowly aboard, handsome and grave in his white gown and large turban. The five whites on board lived amidships, isolated from the human cargo.
went on the other. He . repeated the engineer with amiable scorn: he was hanging on with both hands to the rail, a shadowy figure with flexible legs. The fury of the New South Wales German was extreme; he puffed like an exhaust-pipe, and Jim, faintly amused by the scene, was impatient for the time when he could get below: the last ten minutes of the watch were irritating like a gun that hangs fire; those men did not belong to the world of heroic adventure; they weren't bad chaps though. Would the skipper go for the engineer? The second engineer was coming by easy transitions to the consideration of his finances and of his courage. No, no, captain! Where do you expect me to take the air on a night like this, eh? A measly hundred and fifty dollars a month and find yourself. The illustration was good: the questions were aiming at facts, and the official Inquiry was being held in the police court of an Eastern port. asked the assessor sitting to the left. I thought the precaution reasonable. I took one of the lamps that were hung under the awnings and went forward. I knew then there must be a big hole below the water-line.' The engineer slid down the starboard ladder and bolted round the skylight to the engine-room companion which was on the port side. He moaned as he ran. He was coming to that, he was coming to that--and now, checked brutally, he had to answer by yes or no. Jim's eyes, wandering in the intervals of his answers, rested upon a white man who sat apart from the others, with his face worn and clouded, but with quiet eyes that glanced straight, interested and clear. what's the good!' He met the eyes of the white man. Jim looked at him, then turned away resolutely, as after a final parting. And later on, many times, in distant parts of the world, Marlow showed himself willing to remember Jim, to remember him at length, in detail and audibly. Can't tell--unless it be to make time pass away after dinner. One voyage, I recollect, I tipped him a live sheep out of the remnant of my sea-stock: not that I wanted him to do anything for me--he couldn't, you know--but because his childlike belief in the sacred right to perquisites quite touched my heart. "The master of the Patna, sir," he shouts. Their persons somehow fitted the tale that was public property, and was going to be the subject of an official inquiry. "That old mad rogue upstairs called me a hound," said the captain of the Patna. I won't make a secret of it that I had been "aguaindt" with not a few of that sort myself. I liked his appearance; I knew his appearance; he came from the right place; he was one of us. Why! He disappeared. Into the Pacific, perhaps. Where? Next moment the half-caste clerk, sent by Archie to look a little after the poor castaways of the Patna, came upon the scene. It was doomed to be a failure as far as the principal person was concerned, but he approached the others with fussy importance, and, almost immediately, found himself involved in a violent altercation with the chap that carried his arm in a sling, and who turned out to be extremely anxious for a row. "If you weren't a God-forsaken Portuguee," I heard him yell, "you would know that the hospital is the right place for me." 'But it so happened that I had a man in the hospital at the time, and going there to see about him the day before the opening of the Inquiry, I saw in the white men's ward that little chap tossing on his back, with his arm in splints, and quite light-headed. Look under the bed." Millions of pink toads. That was it. He drew a long breath. Bash in the head of the first that stirs. "Been to see your man, Captain? A curious case. The head, ah! he is a tough object.
The inquiry was not adjourned. Yet, as I've told you, all the sailors in the port attended, and the waterside business was fully represented. However, an official inquiry could not be any other thing. One of the assessors was a sailing-ship skipper with a reddish beard, and of a pious disposition. Brierly was the other. Big Brierly. The rest of mankind that did not command the sixteen-knot steel steamer Ossa were rather poor creatures. The verdict must have been of unmitigated guilt, and he took the secret of the evidence with him in that leap into the sea. "Yes, Captain Marlow. He had written two letters in the middle watch, one to the Company and the other to me. 'You'll find you have a different person to deal with than the late Captain Brierly.' "Why? 'Of course the recollection of my last conversation with Brierly is tinged with the knowledge of his end that followed so close upon it. I spoke with him for the last time during the progress of the inquiry. "And goodness knows how long it will last. Can't he see that wretched skipper of his has cleared out? We walked on in silence a few steps. "Why eat all that dirt?" I pointed out to him that the skipper of the Patna was known to have feathered his nest pretty well, and could procure almost anywhere the means of getting away. It costs some money to run away. "Does it? By heavens! _I_ would." He must! Brierly went on: "This is a disgrace. Very soon after that exchange of glances the inquiry was adjourned again to the next day. Jim had been told to stand down some time before, and was able to leave amongst the first. We were then just through the door, passing behind Jim's burly back. 'Whether those villagers had brought the yellow dog with them, I don't know. I became aware I was being held up, so to speak, as if in a wood. The dog, in the very act of trying to sneak in at the door, sat down hurriedly to hunt for fleas. Something in the sound of that quiet tone of his warned me to be on my defence. On the contrary, he was strangely passive--don't you know? In the court the assault case was proceeding. I was not going to submit meekly to any of his nonsense. I did not hanker after a three days' celebrity as the man who got a black eye or something of the sort from the mate of the Patna. "Who's a cur now--hey?" "Good God!" 'There may be those who could have laughed at his pertinacity; I didn't. There had never been a man so mercilessly shown up by his own natural impulse. 'I looked at him. 'This opened suddenly a new view of him to my wonder. Who can tell! He wouldn't understand." "Do you think you would?" Do you? They had picked up the captain, the mate, and two engineers of the steamer Patna sunk at sea, and that, very properly, was enough for them. I did not ask Jim about the nature of his feelings during the ten days he spent on board. Not then. what a chance missed! what a chance missed!" With every instant he was penetrating deeper into the impossible world of romantic achievements. He got to the heart of it at last! I whisked him back by saying, "If you had stuck to the ship, you mean!" Its deep rumble made the whole night vibrate like a bass string. The ship trembled to it. They _were_ dead! By God--no!" '"Some of the crew were sleeping on the number one hatch within reach of my arm," began Jim again.
He had picked up enough of the language to understand the word water, repeated several times in a tone of insistence, of prayer, almost of despair. "Water, water! We were under the bridge, in the dark. I thought you were one of them niggers.' Quick! The other two had picked themselves up by that time, and they rushed together to the boat. I watched the slant of the ship. And the timber--the timber! My weakness consists in not having a discriminating eye for the incidental--for the externals--no eye for the hod of the rag-picker or the fine linen of the next man. 'Who? He had been taken unawares--and he whispered to himself a malediction upon the waters and the firmament, upon the ship, upon the men. who couldn't? For that they were so, makes no doubt to me: given the state of the ship, this was the deadliest possible description of accident that could happen. to the ocean. They were amongst the native batch of all sorts brought over from Aden to give evidence at the inquiry. I remember perfectly Brierly asking him, through the interpreter, what he thought of it at the time, and the interpreter, after a short colloquy, turning to the court with an important air--  '"He says he thought nothing." To some further questions he jerked back his spare shoulders, and declared it never came into his mind then that the white men were about to leave the ship through fear of death. There might have been secret reasons. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. I hit him. he sobs. whined the little engineer. Come and help, man! Man! 'And at last Jim looked astern where the other pointed with maniacal insistence. The infernal thing! He had intended to cut the lifeboats clear of the ship. It was at this moment too that he saw one of the men around the boat step backwards suddenly, clutch at the air with raised arms, totter and collapse. "That was the donkey-man. Acted third engineer," he explained. '"Dead," I said. Weak heart. If he had only kept still; if he had only told them to go to the devil when they came to rush him out of his bunk because the ship was sinking! 'Of course he could not know at the time the man was dead. Here's the squall down on us. All this had come to him: the sounds, the sights, the legs of the dead man--by Jove! "Eight hundred living people, and they were yelling after the one dead man to come down and be saved. The squall! The squall! He checked himself, averted his gaze. What terrified him was the thought that the drowning was not over yet. Nobody in the boat made a sound. Then the shower swept ahead, and the great, distracting, hissing noise followed the rain into distance and died out. They saw no lights. he murmured, interrupting himself in his disjointed narrative. A silence! "I knew from the first she would go." She was gone! 'In the midst of his forlorn state he heard his companions begin to abuse some one. howls the skipper from the other end of the boat. 'The wind had left the boat suddenly. Would they? into that boat--I . 'Murdering coward!' At that he collected himself for a confounded screech. He stopped, muttered to himself, and went back. "After the ship's lights had gone, anything might have happened in that boat--anything in the world--and the world no wiser. 'And the rising sun found him just as he had jumped up first in the bows of the boat. He had been holding the tiller in his hand, too, all the night. And the endurance is undeniable too. I could imagine under the pellucid emptiness of the sky these four men imprisoned in the solitude of the sea, the lonely sun, regardless of the speck of life, ascending the clear curve of the heaven as if to gaze ardently from a greater height at his own splendour reflected in the still ocean. I heard them. And now they were friendly--oh, so damnably friendly! All in the same boat. The man was a manifest fool. Why not? There are no words for the sort of things I wanted to say. 'Are you afraid they will hear you on shore?' 'Jim remained thoughtful. I knew the story. after their fashion. They had a drink from the water-breaker, and I drank too. I couldn't see the water for the glitter of the sunshine. I was thinking as coolly as any man that ever sat thinking in the shade. "Don't you believe it?" of heat! 'The mists were closing again. He had found that to meditate about because he thought he had saved his life, while all its glamour had gone with the ship in the night. . You must! "And so you cleared out--at once." I looked it in the face. by heavens! he asked, in the same low tone. "Shock slight. Stopped the ship. As the first boat was lowered ship went down in a squall. The story didn't matter." He clasped his hands for an instant, glanced right and left into the gloom: "It was like cheating the dead," he stammered. 'He went away from me at this. That is the only way I can describe it. Shouts for help . . 'The Patna . French gunboat . towed successfully to Aden . . Imagination. 'He fell into thought. But the lights! This question of the lights being lost sight of when the boat could not have been more than a quarter of a mile from the ship was a matter for much discussion. Jim stuck to it that there was nothing to be seen after the first shower had cleared away; and the others had affirmed the same thing to the officers of the Avondale. Nobody in the gunboat knew enough English to get hold of the story as told by the serang. It is droll how one forgets. I stayed on that ship thirty hours. . . Twenty-five minutes."
He didn't finish, and sank into the depths of his repose. And suddenly I began to admire the discrimination of the man. "And after all, one does not die of it." This is always to be seen. he appealed to me reasonably. 'He drained his glass and returned to his twirling. It is a difficulty--parbleu! "His own feeling in the matter was--ah!--hopeful, and . The honour . that is real--that is! Water-clerk. Little Bob Stanton--Charley here knew him well--had gone through that experience. The same who got drowned afterwards trying to save a lady's-maid in the Sephora disaster. He used to tell us his experiences in that line. . I felt angry--not for the first time that night. They! Absolutely running, with nowhere to go to. The court found she was not. The next point, I remember, was, whether up to the time of the accident the ship had been navigated with proper and seamanlike care. They said Yes to that, goodness knows why, and then they declared that there was no evidence to show the exact cause of the accident. "abandoning in the moment of danger the lives and property confided to their charge" . "The Court . It was a long street, and he remained in sight for some time. "As good as a gold-mine," he would exclaim. Old Robinson. That's the man. That's the man for me." I left him at breakfast in the hotel to come to court, because I've an idea. Good morning, Captain Robinson. 'Send a ship,' I said, 'send a ship. I was as mild as a curate. "I've been cleaned out trying to engineer the dratted thing. "What of that?" I'll give him a job on my island." Simply nothing to do; two six-shooters in his belt . I want you to help me to talk him over." And besides . "I don't know that I want to do anything with him." Everything turned on that, and the chap couldn't find words strong enough to express his confidence. What?" He was rooted to the spot, but convulsive shudders ran down his back; his shoulders would heave suddenly. As to an inaccessible guano deposit, that was another story altogether. Even the law had done with him. And if so then--Chester's offer. 'The time was coming when I should see him loved, trusted, admired, with a legend of strength and prowess forming round his name as though he had been the stuff of a hero. He had not obtained it at once. 'But he was too interesting or too unfortunate to be thrown to the dogs, or even to Chester. "May I have a cigarette?" "Some day one's bound to come upon some sort of chance to get it all back again. It might have been so much that it was impossible to say. He watched me like a hawk. (There were three weeks and five days' pay owing him as mate of the Patna.) "I always thought that if a fellow could begin with a clean slate . . And now you . . 'Six months afterwards my friend (he was a cynical, more than middle-aged bachelor, with a reputation for eccentricity, and owned a rice-mill) wrote to me, and judging, from the warmth of my recommendation, that I would like to hear, enlarged a little upon Jim's perfections. 'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. He is gone, leaving on the breakfast-table a formal little note of apology, which is either silly or heartless. One chance in a hundred! That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. "Did the fellow blab--or what?" He began to chaff me in his kindly way . 'Jim was silent for a while. "Jim!" He came back to me all the way from the door. He has left us. "Put us to a great inconvenience, too. "He left--let's see--the very day a steamer with returning pilgrims from the Red Sea put in here with two blades of her propeller gone. "Wasn't there something said about the Patna case?" Have a little something cool to drink.' Captain! And now . like this! 'Who has been getting at you? "And who the devil cares about that?" he exclaimed, "I told him the earth wouldn't be big enough to hold his caper."'
To fling away your daily bread so as to get your hands free for a grapple with a ghost may be an act of prosaic heroism. To the common mind he became known as a rolling stone, because this was the funniest part: he did after a time become perfectly known, and even notorious, within the circle of his wanderings (which had a diameter of, say, three thousand miles), in the same way as an eccentric character is known to a whole countryside. And physically he is very fit. Naturally after this he couldn't remain in the place. I've got to write to Europe for them. His "house" (because it was a house, Stein & Co., and there was some sort of partner who, as Stein said, "looked after the Moluccas") had a large inter-island business, with a lot of trading posts established in the most out-of-the-way places for collecting the produce. It is sometimes said of a man that he carries his life in his hand. The best." It was that naturalist who, engaging him as a sort of assistant, took him to the East. Then the naturalist went home, and Stein, having no home to go to, remained with an old trader he had come across in his journeys in the interior of Celebes--if Celebes may be said to have an interior. I often heard Stein relate how that chap, who was slightly paralysed on one side, had introduced him to the native court a short time before another stroke carried him off. Stein joined the party of a younger son, the one of whom thirty years later he never spoke otherwise but as "my poor Mohammed Bonso." He had a little money; he started life afresh, and in the course of years acquired a considerable fortune. He drove in his buggy every morning to town, where he had an office with white and Chinese clerks. Such was the history of the man whom I had come to consult upon Jim's case without any definite hope. 'He smiled, threw himself back in his chair, and stretched his legs. You don't know what it is for a collector to capture such a rare specimen. This is not yet gelungen. I got him! 'He struck a match, which flared violently. '"To tell you the truth, Stein," I said with an effort that surprised me, "I came here to describe a specimen. '"Butterfly?" He is romantic." 'He lifted up a long forefinger. '"There is only one remedy! "How to be! How to be." In a dream. '"He is romantic--romantic," he repeated. "But _is he_?" Whereas he . "Everybody knows of one or two like that," said Stein; "and that is the trouble--the great trouble. He was going back to his butterflies.' Thus with Patusan. He left his earthly failings behind him and what sort of reputation he had, and there was a totally new set of conditions for his imaginative faculty to work upon. "Yes; he is young," Stein mused. There's Patusan," he went on in the same tone. It is impossible to suspect Stein. It was solely for his wife's sake that Stein had appointed him manager of Stein & Co.'s trading post in Patusan; but commercially the arrangement was not a success, at any rate for the firm, and now the woman had died, Stein was disposed to try another agent there. "But I don't think he will go away from the place," remarked Stein. "That has nothing to do with me. It was only for the sake of the woman that I . 'Patusan is a remote district of a native-ruled state, and the chief settlement bears the same name. That's all there is to it. Even Stein could say no more than that he was romantic. 'In Patusan they had found lots of pepper, and had been impressed by the magnificence and the wisdom of the Sultan; but somehow, after a century of chequered intercourse, the country seems to drop gradually out of the trade. Be it as it may, nobody cares for it now; the glory has departed, the Sultan is an imbecile youth with two thumbs on his left hand and an uncertain and beggarly revenue extorted from a miserable population and stolen from him by his many uncles. He was as full of information about native states as an official report, but infinitely more amusing. That is where and how he received us when, accompanied by Jim, I paid him a visit of ceremony. That's how he ascended the Patusan river. And it was Stein, Stein the merchant, who . He was in a fair way to make life intolerable to himself . That chap Doramin had given him the ring. The ring! He knew something about that. 'He tossed his head fearlessly, and I confess that for the first and last time in our acquaintance I perceived myself unexpectedly to be thoroughly sick of him. Why hurl defiance at the universe? A brigantine of Stein's was leaving for the westward that afternoon, and he had been instructed to take his passage in her, only no orders to delay the sailing had been given. A heavy revolver and two small boxes of cartridges were lying on the cuddy-table. Patusan." He was going to carry the gentleman to the mouth of the river, but would "never ascend." "Plenty too much enough of Patusan," he concluded, with energy. 'I heard afterwards he had been so indiscreet as to get himself tied up by the neck with a rattan halter to a post planted in the middle of a mud-hole before the Rajah's house. A magnificent chance!
'The coast of Patusan (I saw it nearly two years afterwards) is straight and sombre, and faces a misty ocean. 'There is a village of fisher-folk at the mouth of the Batu Kring branch of the estuary. He called him Tuan Jim, and the tone of his references was made remarkable by a strange mixture of familiarity and awe. If he had warned me that I would hear of him it was perfectly true. The appearance of the being that descended upon them and demanded inflexibly to be taken up to Patusan was discomposing; his insistence was alarming; his generosity more than suspicious. A fearless old hag cursed the stranger. 'He sat in it, as I've told you, on his tin box, nursing the unloaded revolver on his lap. Principally, he longed for sunset; and meantime his three paddlers were preparing to put into execution their plan of delivering him up to the Rajah. He had to satisfy himself in his own way. I too wanted to see the Rajah, and I simply walked in through the gate and--and--here I am." he cried, "only think what it is to me." want to leave! And all this had come to him in a manner like keen scent to a well-bred hound. Even where he would be most hated he was still trusted. Some poor villagers had been waylaid and robbed while on their way to Doramin's house with a few pieces of gum or beeswax which they wished to exchange for rice. Jim began to speak. Many people trust me to do that--for them. A moment later we passed the mouth of a muddy creek. What to do with it? The Rajah wanted to know whether the white man could repair a watch?" Doramin!" He was the chief of the second power in Patusan. He hung over the town of Patusan like a hawk over a poultry-yard, but he devastated the open country. The Rajah intrigued with him feebly. The younger spirits amongst them, chaffing, advised to "get Sherif Ali with his wild men and drive the Rajah Allang out of the country." 'Doramin was one of the most remarkable men of his race I had ever seen. But to see that was nothing. He had to devise the means. In fact, Jim the leader was a captive in every sense. 'The story! A present from Stein, it seems--in exchange for that ring, you know. 'Already the legend had gifted him with supernatural powers. It appears that the success in mounting the guns had given Jim's people such a feeling of confidence that he ventured to leave the battery under charge of two elderly Bugis who had seen some fighting in their day, and went to join Dain Waris and the storming party who were concealed in the ravine. He declared, and I believe him, that he had no fears as to the result. No trouble to settle it. His word decided everything--ever since the smashing of Sherif Ali. Jim and Dain Waris were the first to lay their hands on the stakes. In Patusan the excitement was intense.
Thus he became the virtual ruler of the land. After Sherif Ali his turn would come, and who could resist an attack led by such a devil? The Bugis had been extremely anxious to pay off old scores, and the impassive old Doramin cherished the hope of yet seeing his son ruler of Patusan. Doramin was anxious about the future of the country, and I was struck by the turn he gave to the argument. Strangely enough, on the evening of that very day (which was my last in Patusan) I was once more confronted with the same question, with the unanswerable why of Jim's fate. And this brings me to the story of his love. This view mostly is right, and perhaps in this case too. Through her whole life the wife of the unspeakable Cornelius had no other companion, confidant, and friend but her daughter. I suppose she too must have lacked the saving dullness--and her career ended in Patusan. But I am sure that the mother was as much of a woman as the daughter seemed to be. "Jewel! O Jewel! Going to Patusan? The heat! Tell him to come to me if they let him get alive out of the country. I am a Government official, and make no report. But such a woman seemed to be actually in existence. He had been told of a tall girl, whom the white man treated with great respect and care, and who never went forth from the house unattended. 'It comes to me now that I had, on the whole, seen very little of her. He reminded one of everything that is unsavoury. He has his place neither in the background nor in the foreground of the story; he is simply seen skulking on its outskirts, enigmatical and unclean, tainting the fragrance of its youth and of its naiveness. At last I had to forbid him to mention his late wife at all. You wait a bit." Thereupon he would begin to abuse the dead woman, till the girl would run off with her hands to her head. "I can stop his game," Jim said to her once. "Just fancy that! Arrangements were being made to have him shot from a boat on the river. A trifle. While he, Cornelius, who had to remain behind, was absolutely courting death by this proof of devotion to Mr. Stein's young friend. In his then state of mind it did not surprise him to see her up, nor yet to hear her ask in an anxious whisper where Cornelius could be. . Very puzzled, Jim called out to him from the distance to know what the devil he meant. 'As he had got the Bugis irretrievably committed to action and had made himself responsible for success on his own head, he was so elated that in the lightness of his heart he absolutely tried to be civil with Cornelius. asked Jim. Get up!" Of the next night? Jim said. cried Jim. "I--I love her dearly. I am made to feel that. He had the gift of finding a special meaning in everything that happened to him. "Is it not strange," he went on in a gentle, almost yearning tone, "that all these people, all these people who would do anything for me, can never be made to understand? It seems hard, somehow. I began by protesting that I at least had come with no intention to take Jim away. He said then he would not abandon her to Cornelius. She wanted him to leave her. She was afraid for him too. "What's eighty dollars? 'She was unselfish when she urged Jim to leave her, and even to leave the country. She told me, "I didn't want to die weeping." She went on explaining that, during the last moments, being alone with her mother, she had to leave the side of the couch to go and set her back against the door, in order to keep Cornelius out. He swore to me!". "And it is possible that you--you! do not believe him?" And suddenly I heard her quiet whisper again, "Other men had sworn the same thing." "Her father too." but he is not like that." He has been telling you something?" "There is something he can never forget." Am I a mad woman to believe this? What is this thing? Is it alive?--is it dead? To discover that she had a voice at all was enough to strike awe into the heart. And Jim, too--poor devil! He speaks of you too often. No one wants him." I shall go to-morrow--and that is the end. You must know that." What I had to tell her was that in the whole world there was no one who ever would need his heart, his mind, his hand. He was all that. she murmured. "Why? Speak." "Because he is not good enough," I said brutally. '"This is the very thing he said. "Nobody, nobody is good enough," I began with the greatest earnestness.
One or two sat up as if alarmed; here and there a cigar glowed yet; Marlow looked at them all with the eyes of a man returning from the excessive remoteness of a dream. You there, Marlow?" He had a mind to try a coffee-plantation there. I was doomed to be the recipient of confidences, and to be confronted with unanswerable questions. Well--what of that? Jim bowed his head, and our last talk seemed to flicker out for good. He had called me "honourable sir" at every second sentence, and had whined at my elbow as he followed me from the grave of his "late wife" to the gate of Jim's compound. "He has saved himself," I said, "and he has forgiven you." "_He_ save himself! He knows nothing, honourable sir--nothing whatever. He wanted me to intercede with Jim in his favour. I heard time and again the words, "Moderate provision--suitable present." The gist of the affair, which became clear to me gradually, was in this, that he regarded himself as entitled to some money in exchange for the girl. . "Like her mother--she is like her deceitful mother. He is one of us. 'Jim, as I've told you, accompanied me on the first stage of my journey back to the world he had renounced, and the way at times seemed to lead through the very heart of untouched wilderness. This bunch of miserable hovels was the fishing village that boasted of the white lord's especial protection, and the two men crossing over were the old headman and his son-in-law. '"Have I?" he said. No! I must go on, go on for ever holding up my end, to feel sure that nothing can touch me. "There's Jewel." In time she will come to understand . "When shall we meet next, I wonder?" He didn't seem to be surprised; he kept very quiet for a while. Jim, at the water's edge, raised his voice. he began. Tell who? For me that white figure in the stillness of coast and sea seemed to stand at the heart of a vast enigma. The privileged man opened the packet, looked in, then, laying it down, went to the window. From this last fell another letter, yellowed by time and frayed on the folds. You said also--I call to mind--that "giving your life up to them" (them meaning all of mankind with skins brown, yellow, or black in colour) "was like selling your soul to a brute." The point, however, is that of all mankind Jim had no dealings but with himself, and the question is whether at the last he had not confessed to a faith mightier than the laws of order and progress. 'I affirm nothing. 'I send you also an old letter--a very old letter. He tells his "dear James" that the last long letter from him was very "honest and entertaining." But what of the distance? 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. Something of the sort had to happen.
"He a man! . "Gentleman Brown." On the garden side of the house a Malay on the verandah greeted me shyly, and I remembered that I had seen him in Patusan, in Jim's house, amongst other Bugis men who used to come in the evening to talk interminably over their war reminiscences and to discuss State affairs. I was not very surprised to see him, since any Patusan trader venturing as far as Samarang would naturally find his way to Stein's house. "Is Tuan Jim inside?" He would not fight," he repeated twice. He had a Panama hat on his head, and there were deep furrows on his pale cheeks. "She is here, she is here," he repeated, in great perturbation. "They came here two days ago. Talk to her. He looked at me queerly. The waxed floor reflected her dimly as though it had been a sheet of frozen water. Or is it that you are all mad?" I stood rooted to the spot after she had finished. The day came! 'Her steady eyes seemed to strain after the shape of a man torn out of her arms by the strength of a dream. And suddenly Stein broke in. True! '"Will you explain?" 'It all begins, as I've told you, with the man called Brown,' ran the opening sentence of Marlow's narrative. The principal thing is that the cutter, throwing a guard on board, made him sail in company towards Zamboanga. And that was all--absolutely all. He was tired of his life, and not afraid of death. Then in the silence of the bay he let out a cautious shout, and Brown's gang, who meantime had been peering and straining their hopeful ears in the darkness, began to pull gently at their end of the warp. None of them cared; Brown bent them to his will, and Brown, indifferent to gallows, was running away from the spectre of a Spanish prison. With a stolen ship Brown did not dare to put into any port, of course. He was sure to get provisions--bullocks--rice--sweet-potatoes. Brown was astonished at the size of the place. 'It seems, however, that the headman of the fishing village at Batu Kring had managed to send off a timely warning. Steering the long-boat in, they landed, and, to make a long story short, they established themselves on a little knoll about 900 yards from the stockade, which, in fact, they commanded from that position.
Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. That brave and intelligent youth ("who knew how to fight after the manner of white men") wished to settle the business off-hand, but his people were too much for him. It was the diplomatic Kassim who represented the Rajah at the council. Kassim had a little plan of his own and wanted him for an interpreter. He pretended a great reluctance. 'Half an hour's confidential talk with Cornelius opened Brown's eyes as to the home affairs of Patusan. It had occurred to him that these whites, together with the Rajah's followers, could attack and defeat the Bugis before Jim's return. Brown preserved a stern and inscrutable demeanour. Three times in the course of the morning the courteous and active Kassim went down to consult the Rajah and came up busily with his long stride. Jim! Jim! inquired Brown. From Malacca. He is a fool. All you have to do is to kill him and then you are king here. Let him only once get in and . The land already seemed to be his to tear to pieces, squeeze, and throw away. 'I am sorry that I can't give you this part of the story, which of course I have mainly from Brown, in Brown's own words. The man sank flat, face down, and moved no more. They were two hundred to one, and this gave them something to think over for the night. Not one of them had an idea of such a long shot before. That beggar belonging to the Rajah scooted down-hill with his eyes hanging out of his head." He minimised its strength and exhorted him to oppose its passage. 'Then one of the whites remembered that some tobacco had been left in the boat, and, encouraged by the impunity of the Solomon Islander, said he would go to fetch it. At this all the others shook off their despondency. Brown applied to, said, "Go, and be d--d to you," scornfully. Cornelius translated. They sat dejected on the ground with compressed lips and downcast eyes, listening to their comrade below. The tide is flowing." Cornelius listened. "He has come," said Cornelius. Brown asked. Listen to the noise." "What are they making that row about?" pursued Brown. "Look here," said Brown, "how is one to get at him?" He will come straight here and talk to you. He is just like a fool. "He is not afraid--not afraid of anything. He will come and order you to leave his people alone. he knew Jim well--that "mean little skunk," as Brown called him to me. He looked once more at his men. Hunger. And what made you?" 'Let us agree,' said I, 'that we are both dead men, and let us talk on that basis, as equals. Either bring your infernal crowd along or let us go out and starve in the open sea, by God! But I am not a coward. He stood thinking for a while and then wanted to know what I had done ('out there' he says, tossing his head down-stream) to be hazed about so. Well--it is dirty. Of a prison. . It is impossible to say how much he lied to Jim then, how much he lied to me now--and to himself always. . As to coming to Patusan, who had the right to say he hadn't come to beg? . Jim asked. To pass the time of day?" "You shall have a clear road or else a clear fight." He stopped before Brown. The people inside crowded round him, so that he could hardly make his way to the house. This laughter is unseemly. And that he had never deceived them. He turned to Doramin. "Then," said Jim, "call in Dain Waris, your son, my friend, for in this business I shall not lead."'
"I am responsible for every life in the land," he said. "Are they very bad?" 'About ten or so Jim's men marched in. Jim told him to try and sleep. His master walked to and fro before the fire with bowed head and with his hands behind his back. 'Tamb' Itam arose directly and made his preparations. His mission was to go down the river, preceding Brown's boat by an hour or more, to tell Dain Waris finally and formally that the whites were to be allowed to pass out unmolested. He had simply informed him of Dain Waris's armed party down the river. At first Brown saw himself completely sold and betrayed, but a moment's reflection convinced him that there could be no treachery intended. . . And the Bugis Dain who is waiting for you down the river there, captain, is the very man who chased you up here when you first came." Brown observed nonchalantly that it would be just as well to avoid him, and with the same detached, musing air Cornelius declared himself acquainted with a backwater broad enough to take Brown's boat past Waris's camp. 'It was two hours before the dawn when word was passed to the stockade from outlying watchers that the white robbers were coming down to their boat. You'll get it if he said so. Cornelius grunted. At a mutter from Cornelius, Brown ordered his men to load. Cornelius showed much fussy concern for the safety of his canoe. The trouble was over. The only son of nakhoda Doramin answered his greeting kindly. Dain Waris, reclining on his elbow, bade him speak and tell all the news. Dain Waris listened attentively to the end, toying with the ring which ultimately he slipped on the forefinger of his right hand. 'It was then that Brown took his revenge upon the world which, after twenty years of contemptuous and reckless bullying, refused him the tribute of a common robber's success. The white men retired as they had come--unseen. But a story is told of a white long-boat picked up a month later in the Indian Ocean by a cargo steamer. His schooner, he reported, bound south with a cargo of Java sugar, had sprung a bad leak and sank under his feet. The two died on board the steamer which rescued them. Then he broke out very quickly: "They have killed Dain Waris and many more." But we have all the powder in Patusan." "Is he dead?" . . . It was not safe for his servant to go out amongst his own people! The dark powers should not rob him twice of his peace. Who can tell? Everything was gone, and he who had been once unfaithful to his trust had lost again all men's confidence. he asked. "There is much weeping. There was nothing to fight for. "Open the gates," he ordered. Afterwards, turning to those of his men who were inside, he gave them leave to depart to their homes. 'The sun was sinking towards the forests when Dain Waris's body was brought into Doramin's campong. Again his chin sank on his breast. A murmur of dismay and horror ran through the crowd at the sight of that familiar token. All at once Jim, who seemed to be lost in quiet thought, turned to him and said, "Time to finish this." It seems that no one else of the people of the house was in sight. "Will you fight?" "I should not be worth having." 'Tamb' Itam tells me that on that evening the aspect of the heavens was angry and frightful. she screamed out after Jim. 'Doramin, alone! . . Doramin did not lift his head, and Jim stood silent before him for a time. "I am come ready and unarmed," he repeated. Not in the wildest days of his boyish visions could he have seen the alluring shape of such an extraordinary success! He is gone, inscrutable at heart, and the poor girl is leading a sort of soundless, inert life in Stein's house. He feels it himself, and says often that he is "preparing to leave all this; preparing to leave .
He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull. His voice was deep, loud, and his manner displayed a kind of dogged self-assertion which had nothing aggressive in it. He was spotlessly neat, apparelled in immaculate white from shoes to hat, and in the various Eastern ports where he got his living as ship-chandler's water-clerk he was very popular. To the captain he is faithful like a friend and attentive like a son, with the patience of Job, the unselfish devotion of a woman, and the jollity of a boon companion. Later on the bill is sent in. When a water-clerk who possesses Ability in the abstract has also the advantage of having been brought up to the sea, he is worth to his employer a lot of money and some humouring. To the white men in the waterside business and to the captains of ships he was just Jim--nothing more. Originally he came from a parsonage. The living had belonged to the family for generations; but Jim was one of five sons, and when after a course of light holiday literature his vocation for the sea had declared itself, he was sent at once to a 'training-ship for officers of the mercantile marine.' He saw himself saving people from sinking ships, cutting away masts in a hurricane, swimming through a surf with a line; or as a lonely castaway, barefooted and half naked, walking on uncovered reefs in search of shellfish to stave off starvation. Boys rushed past him. He leaned over. 'Too late, youngster.' The captain smiled sympathetically. 'Better luck next time.
After two years of training he went to sea, and entering the regions so well known to his imagination, found them strangely barren of adventure. He made many voyages. He was gentlemanly, steady, tractable, with a thorough knowledge of his duties; and in time, when yet very young, he became chief mate of a fine ship, without ever having been tested by those events of the sea that show in the light of day the inner worth of a man, the edge of his temper, and the fibre of his stuff; that reveal the quality of his resistance and the secret truth of his pretences, not only to others but also to himself. The danger, when not seen, has the imperfect vagueness of human thought. Then fine weather returned, and he thought no more about It. His lameness, however, persisted, and when the ship arrived at an Eastern port he had to go to the hospital. His recovery was slow, and he was left behind. There were only two other patients in the white men's ward: the purser of a gunboat, who had broken his leg falling down a hatchway; and a kind of railway contractor from a neighbouring province, afflicted by some mysterious tropical disease, who held the doctor for an ass, and indulged in secret debaucheries of patent medicine which his Tamil servant used to smuggle in with unwearied devotion. They told each other the story of their lives, played cards a little, or, yawning and in pyjamas, lounged through the day in easy-chairs without saying a word. Directly he could walk without a stick, he descended into the town to look for some opportunity to get home. In time, beside the original disdain there grew up slowly another sentiment; and suddenly, giving up the idea of going home, he took a berth as chief mate of the Patna. The Patna was a local steamer as old as the hills, lean like a greyhound, and eaten up with rust worse than a condemned water-tank.
'Hot is no name for it down below,' said a voice. Jim smiled without looking round. went on the other. He must have been born reckless, b'gosh. He . repeated the engineer with amiable scorn: he was hanging on with both hands to the rail, a shadowy figure with flexible legs. Would the skipper go for the engineer? as he tumbled; an instant of silence followed upon his screeching: Jim and the skipper staggered forward by common accord, and catching themselves up, stood very stiff and still gazing, amazed, at the undisturbed level of the sea. Then they looked upwards at the stars. in the muffled accents of profound grief. The eyes of the two Malays at the wheel glittered towards the white men, but their dark hands remained closed on the spokes. Its quivering stopped, and the faint noise of thunder ceased all at once, as though the ship had steamed across a narrow belt of vibrating water and of humming air.
 A month or so afterwards, when Jim, in answer to pointed questions, tried to tell honestly the truth of this experience, he said, speaking of the ship: 'She went over whatever it was as easy as a snake crawling over a stick.' The illustration was good: the questions were aiming at facts, and the official Inquiry was being held in the police court of an Eastern port. Outside the court the sun blazed--within was the wind of great punkahs that made you shiver, the shame that made you burn, the attentive eyes whose glance stabbed. 'After you had concluded you had collided with something floating awash, say a water-logged wreck, you were ordered by your captain to go forward and ascertain if there was any damage done. asked the assessor sitting to the left. 'I did not,' said Jim. 'I was told to call no one and to make no noise for fear of creating a panic. I thought the precaution reasonable. I lowered then the lamp the whole drift of its lanyard, and saw that the forepeak was more than half full of water already. I knew then there must be a big hole below the water-line.' . 'The captain kept on moving here and there on the bridge; he seemed calm enough, only he stumbled several times; and once as I stood speaking to him he walked right into me as though he had been stone-blind. He wiped his damp forehead, passed his tongue over parched lips, felt a shiver run down his back. He met the eyes of the white man. He was positive he had never spoken to him.
Can't tell--unless it be to make time pass away after dinner. Let that Marlow talk." 'My eyes met his for the first time at that inquiry. The whole waterside talked of nothing else. First thing in the morning as I was dressing in my state-room, I would hear through the bulkhead my Parsee Dubash jabbering about the Patna with the steward, while he drank a cup of tea, by favour, in the pantry. This went on for a couple of weeks or more, and the opinion that whatever was mysterious in this affair would turn out to be tragic as well, began to prevail, when one fine morning, as I was standing in the shade by the steps of the harbour office, I perceived four men walking towards me along the quay. He made me think of a trained baby elephant walking on hind-legs. He was extravagantly gorgeous too--got up in a soiled sleeping-suit, bright green and deep orange vertical stripes, with a pair of ragged straw slippers on his bare feet, and somebody's cast-off pith hat, very dirty and two sizes too small for him, tied up with a manilla rope-yarn on the top of his big head. "The master of the Patna, sir," he shouts. The young chap, making no movement, not even stirring his head, just stared into the sunshine. is he callous? And note, I did not care a rap about the behaviour of the other two. "That old mad rogue upstairs called me a hound," said the captain of the Patna. He spat. I watched the youngster there. How much? He disappeared. Into the Pacific, perhaps. 'But it so happened that I had a man in the hospital at the time, and going there to see about him the day before the opening of the Inquiry, I saw in the white men's ward that little chap tossing on his back, with his arm in splints, and quite light-headed. Look under the bed." The ship was full of them. "All pink. what are they doing now down there?" he is a tough object.
The inquiry was not adjourned. However, an official inquiry could not be any other thing. Their business was to come down upon the consequences, and frankly, a casual police magistrate and two nautical assessors are not much good for anything else. One of the assessors was a sailing-ship skipper with a reddish beard, and of a pious disposition. Big Brierly. He committed suicide very soon after. The verdict must have been of unmitigated guilt, and he took the secret of the evidence with him in that leap into the sea. He jumped overboard at sea barely a week after the end of the inquiry, and less than three days after leaving port on his outward passage; as though on that exact spot in the midst of waters he had suddenly perceived the gates of the other world flung open wide for his reception. "Yes, Captain Marlow. He left me his night-glasses--here they are; and he wished me to take care of the dog--here he is. Where's the captain, Rover?" Perhaps they did not want to know." Why?" I spoke with him for the last time during the progress of the inquiry. I looked up at him. "Why are we tormenting that young chap?" Can't he see that wretched skipper of his has cleared out? "Why eat all that dirt?" "Does it? Brierly said these words with a most unusual animation, and made as if to reach after his pocket-book. Confound him! Of course I declined to meddle. Brierly was not bored--he was exasperated; and if so, then Jim might not have been impudent. This was the second day of the proceedings. The dog leaped away without a sound; the man, raising his voice a little, said with a slow laugh, "Look at that wretched cur," and directly afterwards we became separated by a lot of people pushing in. The dog, in the very act of trying to sneak in at the door, sat down hurriedly to hunt for fleas. You spoke to him, but you meant me to hear. "Who's a cur now--hey?" 'I looked at him. and at once turned at bay.
He was of the right sort; he was one of us. "He has seen it all in the home papers by this time," said Jim. He wouldn't understand." He was smoking reflectively, and after a moment, rousing himself, began to talk again. He was not one of them; he was altogether of another sort. At home he could perhaps get something; but it meant going to his people for help, and that he would not do. He jumped up, and going to the stone balustrade looked out into the night. He had understood very well I did not doubt his ability to steer a ship. "Do you know what _you_ would have done? "It is all in being ready. I did not ask Jim about the nature of his feelings during the ten days he spent on board. Of that I am sure; and therein lies his distinction. No! He had penetrated to the very heart--to the very heart. The ship trembled to it. It occurred to him that the fact was fortunate. 'You must remember he believed, as any other man would have done in his place, that the ship would go down at any moment; the bulging, rust-eaten plates that kept back the ocean, fatally must give way, all at once like an undermined dam, and let in a sudden and overwhelming flood. They _were_ dead! Nothing could save them! I think he went through it again while he was telling me these things he could not tell the court. "Eight hundred people and seven boats--and no time! He brought down his open hand with a bang that made the coffee-cups dance. He was not afraid of death perhaps, but I'll tell you what, he was afraid of the emergency. He might have been resigned to die but I suspect he wanted to die without added terrors, quietly, in a sort of peaceful trance.
Suddenly some one caught hold of his coat from below, and a distressed voice spoke under his elbow. "Water, water! What water did he mean? I turned on him. When I got on the bridge at last the beggars were getting one of the boats off the chocks. I wasn't afraid of them. As if anybody could be quick enough. I asked. Clear out,' he snarled over his shoulder. The other two had picked themselves up by that time, and they rushed together to the boat. And the timber--the timber! What! He swayed me. By Jove! he was amazing. He was confident that, on the square, "on the square, mind!" And I believe him. He could! He burrowed deep, deep, in the hope of my absolution, which would have been of no good to him. 'He stood on the starboard side of the bridge, as far as he could get from the struggle for the boat, which went on with the agitation of madness and the stealthiness of a conspiracy. to the ocean. Assuredly Jim did not remember it. He remembered he could do nothing; he could do nothing, now he was alone. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. Was there? The first engineer ran cautiously across the bridge to tug at his sleeve. '"Come and help! Damn him! Coward! 'He had thrown himself back and was shaking with laughter.
'And at last Jim looked astern where the other pointed with maniacal insistence. 'He remembered so well that, gasping in the chair, he seemed to sweat and choke before my eyes. He had intended to cut the lifeboats clear of the ship. He heard the tap, tap of the hammer, the sound of the released chock falling over. As a natural consequence the boat would swing in abruptly, driving them back, helpless and jostling against each other. I hated them. Twice, he told me, he shut his eyes in the certitude that the end was upon him already, and twice he had to open them again. 'The last moment had come, as he thought, and he did not move. "That was the donkey-man. Acted third engineer," he explained. It was easy to see he did not want to die either. It looked as though he were picking himself up: I thought he was picking himself up, of course: I expected him to bolt past me over the rail and drop into the boat after the others. 'Jump, George! The squall! It was as if I had jumped into a well--into an everlasting deep hole.
They turned their backs to the squall; the skipper, it seems, got an oar over the stern to keep the boat before it, and for two or three minutes the end of the world had come through a deluge in a pitchy blackness. Nobody in the boat made a sound. All was black. "You couldn't distinguish the sea from the sky; there was nothing to see and nothing to hear. He noticed that they talked as though they had left behind them nothing but an empty ship. The chief engineer declared that the mast-head light at the moment of sinking seemed to drop "like a lighted match you throw down." Some of them sat in the stern-sheets. I thought that if I moved I would have to go over the side and . he asked. by the name of George." howls the skipper from the other end of the boat. 'No!' 'The wind had left the boat suddenly. They could not forgive me for being in that boat. They hated it. He laughed short. Not a star, not a light anywhere. Two of them together trying to out-bark each other. At it they went, as if trying to drive me overboard with the noise! 'I wonder you had pluck enough to jump. Would they? into that boat--I . At that he collected himself for a confounded screech. He went back to his oar. 'And the rising sun found him just as he had jumped up first in the bows of the boat. He had been holding the tiller in his hand, too, all the night. And the endurance is undeniable too. I heard them. They were begging me to be sensible and drop that 'blooming piece of wood.' he burst out. I jumped! It was their doing as plainly as if they had reached up with a boat-hook and pulled me over. He went on and on and on. 'Let him be; he will be all right.' 'What can he do?' They had a drink from the water-breaker, and I drank too. I couldn't see the water for the glitter of the sunshine. One of them at least. "_That_ rested with me." I had seen him.
'He heard me out with his head on one side, and I had another glimpse through a rent in the mist in which he moved and had his being. "You are an awful good sort to listen like this," he said. You don't know what it is to me. and it was not the last of that kind. It is so difficult--so awfully unfair--so hard to understand." 'The mists were closing again. And he had been deliberating upon death--confound him! He had found that to meditate about because he thought he had saved his life, while all its glamour had gone with the ship in the night. '"I would have meant to be," he retorted. he shivered as if about to swallow some nauseous drug . he cried. I wasn't going to be frightened at what I had done. And at the time . "And so you cleared out--at once." That was not the way. he asked with violence.
he asked, in the same low tone. Stopped the ship. As the first boat was lowered ship went down in a squall. Sank like lead. he hung his head . "and more awful?" He stood there for some time, as if admiring the purity and the peace of the night. "The exposure," he pronounced slowly, and lifted his head. Shouts for help . The others did not. They all said No. 'The Patna . French gunboat . towed successfully to Aden . Investigation . Imagination. 'He fell into thought. But the lights! What right have you to doubt? Jim stuck to it that there was nothing to be seen after the first shower had cleared away; and the others had affirmed the same thing to the officers of the Avondale. It turned out he had been one of the boarding officers.
"I am now third lieutenant of the Victorieuse" (she was the flagship of the French Pacific squadron at the time), he said, detaching his shoulders from the wall a couple of inches to introduce himself. It seemed as though he had a right to know: hadn't he spent thirty hours on board the Patna--had he not taken the succession, so to speak, had he not done "his possible"? That _is_ it." And suddenly I began to admire the discrimination of the man. The young, the young," he said indulgently. "And after all, one does not die of it." "The fear, the fear--look you--it is always there." he appealed to me reasonably. "It's evident--parbleu!" I, who am speaking to you, once . But the honour--the honour, monsieur! "when the honour is gone--ah ca! 'I sat down again alone and discouraged--discouraged about Jim's case. We thought afterwards he must've been reckoning that, maybe, the rush of water would tear her away from the rail by-and-by and give him a show to save her. We daren't come alongside for our life; and after a bit the old ship went down all on a sudden with a lurch to starboard--plop. 'I sat thinking of him after the French lieutenant had left, not, however, in connection with De Jongh's cool and gloomy backshop, where we had hurriedly shaken hands not very long ago, but as I had seen him years before in the last flickers of the candle, alone with me in the long gallery of the Malabar House, with the chill and the darkness of the night at his back. If he had not enlisted my sympathies he had done better for himself--he had gone to the very fount and origin of that sentiment he had reached the secret sensibility of my egoism. "Clear out! "Went away . "You don't seem to understand," he said incisively; then looking at me without a wink, "I may have jumped, but I don't run away." he had refused this unique offer. He had found his hat. "Go to the dogs as likely as not," he answered in a gruff mutter. And he was not yet four-and-twenty.'
I wended my way towards the court. The plaintiff, who had been beaten,--an obese chocolate-coloured man with shaved head, one fat breast bare and a bright yellow caste-mark above the bridge of his nose,--sat in pompous immobility: only his eyes glittered, rolling in the gloom, and the nostrils dilated and collapsed violently as he breathed. Brierly dropped into his seat looking done up, as though he had spent the night in sprinting on a cinder-track. 'There were several questions before the court. The first as to whether the ship was in every respect fit and seaworthy for the voyage. The court found she was not. The next point, I remember, was, whether up to the time of the accident the ship had been navigated with proper and seamanlike care. The next sentence escaped me somehow, and then . "abandoning in the moment of danger the lives and property confided to their charge" . "Therefore, . "The Court . A silence fell. He jerked his arm out of my grasp. Turning round, I saw a fellow I knew slightly, a West Australian; Chester was his name. He looked knowingly after Jim. I made it a practice never to take anything to heart." Holy-Terror Robinson. He is with me in that guano thing. . Friend of mine, Captain Robinson." 'Send a ship,' I said, 'send a ship. 'Think of it,' says I. he! he!" he!" "I understand you know that young chap," said Chester, with a nod at the street from which Jim had disappeared long ago. I'll give him a job on my island." "I'm going to dump forty coolies there--if I've to steal 'em. That's not the question." It's much better than it looks. "He is no earthly good for anything," Chester mused aloud. There!
Everything turned on that, and the chap couldn't find words strong enough to express his confidence. A glass door opened on an upstairs verandah, and he stood with his face to it, having a hard time with all possible privacy. There is no doubt that he had a very hard time of it, and so had I, even to the point, I must own, of wishing him to the devil, or on Walpole Reef at least. He was rooted to the spot, but convulsive shudders ran down his back; his shoulders would heave suddenly. He was fighting, he was fighting--mostly for his breath, as it seemed. To bury him would have been such an easy kindness! Perhaps he did take it too much to heart. At this point I took up a fresh sheet and began to write resolutely. And why the devil not? All at once, on the blank page, under the very point of the pen, the two figures of Chester and his antique partner, very distinct and complete, would dodge into view with stride and gestures, as if reproduced in the field of some optical toy.
I own that I was impressed, but I must admit to myself that after all this is not the lasting impression. "May I have a cigarette?" He was smoking greedily in the middle of the room, and though he heard the stir I made, he remained with his back to me for a time. 'A flash of faded lightning darted in through the black framework of the windows and ebbed out without any noise. "Some day one's bound to come upon some sort of chance to get it all back again. He frowned. I've gone with it to the end, and I don't intend to let any man cast it in my teeth without--without--resenting it." He clenched his fist. He flung away the cigarette. "Rain or shine," he began brusquely, checked himself, and walked to the window. '"Yes, it is very dark," I said.
'"I suppose you intend to eat and drink and to sleep under shelter in the usual way," I remember saying with irritation. he began. And perhaps he is, after all). he gasped out. "It is noble of you!" and then his voice seemed to break. This is what I had thrust upon him: a definitely small thing; and--behold!--by the manner of its reception it loomed in the dim light of the candle like a big, indistinct, perhaps a dangerous shadow. "You have given me confidence," he declared, soberly. A clean slate, did he say?
He had nothing of the exasperating young man's chatter. It appeared, however, that Jim was clever enough to be quietly appreciative of his wit, while, on the other hand, he amused him by his naiveness. 'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. But it is always that hundredth chance! That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. 'He was still with Egstrom & Blake, and we met in what they called "our parlour" opening out of the store. He was most damnably mysterious whenever I came over to the mill; he would wink at me in a respectful manner--as much as to say 'We know what we know.' I looked at him, and he put on a knowing air. They had been associated for many years, and every day from the moment the doors were opened to the last minute before closing, Blake, a little man with sleek, jetty hair and unhappy, beady eyes, could be heard rowing his partner incessantly with a sort of scathing and plaintive fury. Egstrom himself, a raw-boned, heavy Scandinavian, with a busy manner and immense blonde whiskers, went on directing his people, checking parcels, making out bills or writing letters at a stand-up desk in the shop, and comported himself in that clatter exactly as though he had been stone-deaf. He came back to me all the way from the door. He has left us. I was too concerned at the news to ask for the explanation of that pronouncement, and he went on. "He left--let's see--the very day a steamer with returning pilgrims from the Red Sea put in here with two blades of her propeller gone. "Wasn't there something said about the Patna case?" Some of them were talking about it here. Jim was in here too, having a sandwich and a glass of beer; when we are busy--you see, captain--there's no time for a proper tiffin. I would despise being seen in the same room with one of those men. I thought he meant it was time for him to go down to his work. 'What is it you're running away from?' '"He was the mate of the Patna that voyage," I said, feeling that I owed some explanation. "And who the devil cares about that?" he exclaimed, "I told him the earth wouldn't be big enough to hold his caper."'
The truth seems to be that it is impossible to lay the ghost of a fact. "If he has capacity, as you say, he will soon get hold of the work. And physically he is very fit. Unfortunately, that very evening an unpleasant affair took place in the hotel. It belonged to the lamentable species of bar-room scuffles, and the other party to it was a cross-eyed Dane of sorts whose visiting-card recited, under his misbegotten name: first lieutenant in the Royal Siamese Navy. He had had enough to drink to turn nasty after the sixth game, and make some scornful remark at Jim's expense. A boat-load of Chinamen, bound, as likely as not, on some thieving expedition, fished out the officer of the King of Siam, and Jim turned up at about midnight on board my ship without a hat. Naturally after this he couldn't remain in the place. Even Schomberg was very much annoyed. "He is a very nice young man," he said argumentatively to me, "but the lieutenant is a first-rate fellow too. For all my confidence in him I could not help reflecting that in such cases from the name to the thing itself is but a step. I took him away from Bankok in my ship, and we had a longish passage. It was pitiful to see how he shrank within himself. "Would you like," said I, "to leave this part of the world altogether; try California or the West Coast? "What difference would it make?" There and then, before his boat was three oars' lengths away from the quay, I had made up my mind to go and consult Stein in the evening. 'This Stein was a wealthy and respected merchant. It is sometimes said of a man that he carries his life in his hand.
The best." 'He bent forward in the chair and gazed intently, his chin over the front of the case. Heavily compromised, he managed to make his escape, and at first found a refuge with a poor republican watchmaker in Trieste. I believe the natives talk of that war to this day. He had a little money; he started life afresh, and in the course of years acquired a considerable fortune. The beauty--but that is nothing--look at the accuracy, the harmony. Sometimes it seems to me that man is come where he is not wanted, where there is no place for him; for if not, why should he want all the place? You don't know what it is for a collector to capture such a rare specimen. It was a little intrigue, you understand. And then I lost him. One step. He sighed and turned again to the glass case. '"Butterfly?" "A man!" '"Ach so!" He is romantic." "How to be! How to be." "He wants to be a saint, and he wants to be a devil--and every time he shuts his eyes he sees himself as a very fine fellow--so fine as he can never be. In a dream. How can that be? The way is to the destructive element submit yourself, and with the exertions of your hands and feet in the water make the deep, deep sea keep you up. For that too there is only one way." "That was the way. said Stein, rising. '"He is romantic--romantic," he repeated. Whereas he . Stein lifted his hand. He was going back to his butterflies.'
Marlow resumed, after a silence occupied in the careful lighting of a cigar. Thus with Patusan. And he got hold of them in a remarkable way. It is impossible to suspect Stein. This man Jim would have to relieve. "That has nothing to do with me. But as I think there is a daughter left, I shall let him, if he likes to stay, keep the old house." Is it not?" He had regulated so many things in Patusan--things that would have appeared as much beyond his control as the motions of the moon and the stars. He existed for me, and after all it is only through me that he exists for you.
The seventeenth-century traders went there for pepper, because the passion for pepper seemed to burn like a flame of love in the breast of Dutch and English adventurers about the time of James the First. By heavens! Be it as it may, nobody cares for it now; the glory has departed, the Sultan is an imbecile youth with two thumbs on his left hand and an uncertain and beggarly revenue extorted from a miserable population and stolen from him by his many uncles. He _had_ to know. There were in Patusan antagonistic forces, and one of them was Rajah Allang, the worst of the Sultan's uncles, the governor of the river, who did the extorting and the stealing, and ground down to the point of extinction the country-born Malays, who, utterly defenceless, had not even the resource of emigrating--"For indeed," as Stein remarked, "where could they go, and how could they get away?" That is where and how he received us when, accompanied by Jim, I paid him a visit of ceremony. 'It is precisely the casualness of it that strikes me most. This was a chance he had been dreaming of. He would be shot if he could see to what he owed . If he had thoroughly understood the conditions, I concluded, he had better jump into the first gharry he could see and drive on to Stein's house for his final instructions.
 'He did not return till next morning. He had in his pocket a letter for Cornelius ("the Johnnie who's going to get the sack," he explained, with a momentary drop in his elation), and he exhibited with glee a silver ring, such as natives use, worn down very thin and showing faint traces of chasing. That chap Doramin had given him the ring. 'He impressed, almost frightened, me with his elated rattle. There! "I've been waiting for that. He was stumping about the room flourishing his arm absurdly, and now and then feeling on his breast for the ring under his clothes. And what about others--the--the--world? "It is you--you, who remember." "If you only live long enough you will want to come back." '"Come back to what?" "Is it to be never, then?" Two o'clock, and I sail at four!" A heavy revolver and two small boxes of cartridges were lying on the cuddy-table. He had forgotten to take them. Patusan." Keeping one eye on the movements of his crew forward, he let loose his volubility--comparing the place to a "cage of beasts made ravenous by long impenitence." The long-drawn wails, giving the time for the pull of the men catting the anchor, came to an end, and he lowered his voice. "Plenty too much enough of Patusan," he concluded, with energy. He would take the gentleman to the mouth of the river at Batu Kring (Patusan town "being situated internally," he remarked, "thirty miles"). There was a moment of real and profound intimacy, unexpected and short-lived like a glimpse of some everlasting, of some saving truth. And the best thing for him was to go. I think it must have been of me.
'The coast of Patusan (I saw it nearly two years afterwards) is straight and sombre, and faces a misty ocean. 'There is a village of fisher-folk at the mouth of the Batu Kring branch of the estuary. He called him Tuan Jim, and the tone of his references was made remarkable by a strange mixture of familiarity and awe. Moreover, all the glory was in his family. 'Jim's coming to that fishing village was a blessing; but to them, as to many of us, the blessing came heralded by terrors. He sat with precaution--than which there is nothing more fatiguing--and thus entered the land he was destined to fill with the fame of his virtues, from the blue peaks inland to the white ribbon of surf on the coast. And his opportunity sat veiled by his side like an Eastern bride waiting to be uncovered by the hand of the master. He told me, however, that he had never in his life felt so depressed and tired as in that canoe. One of them flopped into the river and all but capsized the canoe. He had to satisfy himself in his own way. he asked. he asked. He paused. 'I observed quickly that he had found that out in the end. he cried, "only think what it is to me." want to leave! It would have been--it would have been harder than dying. No.
Jim began to speak. Most likely he is afraid of me because I am not afraid of his coffee." What to do with it? Hadn't he better be killed without more delay? Would the white man like to go back down the river? It was only when he tried to move his legs and found he couldn't that, in his own words, "he came to himself." Then as a sort of happy thought the notion came to him that he would go to sleep. He was a flying terror. He just had breath enough to gasp out, "Doramin! Doramin!" He was the chief of the second power in Patusan. They formed the party opposed to the Rajah. Of course the quarrels were for trade. The situation was complicated by a wandering stranger, an Arab half-breed, who, I believe, on purely religious grounds, had incited the tribes in the interior (the bush-folk, as Jim himself called them) to rise, and had established himself in a fortified camp on the summit of one of the twin hills. The younger spirits amongst them, chaffing, advised to "get Sherif Ali with his wild men and drive the Rajah Allang out of the country." Doramin restrained them with difficulty. This was the state of affairs when Jim, bolting from the Rajah's stockade, appeared before the chief of the Bugis, produced the ring, and was received, in a manner of speaking, into the heart of the community.'
He was never known to raise his voice. Four- or five-and-twenty is not so young when a man is already father of a family at eighteen. "And Dain Waris--their son--is the best friend (barring you) I ever had. "All at once I saw what I had to do . It is in this sense alone that might so often is right. He devised them--an audacious plan; and his task was only half done. Without the weight of Doramin's authority, and his son's fiery enthusiasm, he would have failed. Dain Waris, the distinguished youth, was the first to believe in him; theirs was one of those strange, profound, rare friendships between brown and white, in which the very difference of race seems to draw two human beings closer by some mystic element of sympathy. Of Dain Waris, his own people said with pride that he knew how to fight like a white man. Jim sat on the trunk of a felled tree, and pulling out his pipe began to smoke.
As to the simple folk of outlying villages, they believed and said (as the most natural thing in the world) that Jim had carried the guns up the hill on his back--two at a time. Dain Waris was lying flattened by his side. He wouldn't have believed it. Good wife. And the talk! His word decided everything--ever since the smashing of Sherif Ali. Jim and Dain Waris were the first to lay their hands on the stakes. Jim had made him the headman of his establishment, and all Patusan respected and courted him as a person of much influence. In Patusan the excitement was intense.
'The defeated Sherif Ali fled the country without making another stand, and when the miserable hunted villagers began to crawl out of the jungle back to their rotting houses, it was Jim who, in consultation with Dain Waris, appointed the headmen. Thus he became the virtual ruler of the land. The Bugis had been extremely anxious to pay off old scores, and the impassive old Doramin cherished the hope of yet seeing his son ruler of Patusan. It was difficult, for there could be no question that Jim had the power; in his new sphere there did not seem to be anything that was not his to hold or to give. Doramin was anxious about the future of the country, and I was struck by the turn he gave to the argument. 'His little, motherly witch of a wife sat on my other hand, with her head covered and her feet tucked up, gazing through the great shutter-hole. He had a conscience, and it was a romantic conscience. Through her whole life the wife of the unspeakable Cornelius had no other companion, confidant, and friend but her daughter. "Jewel! O Jewel! The heat! Well, then, there might be something in the story too, after all, and . He continued wallowing calmly in the chair . On the quiet--you understand? I know some good people that will buy anything worth having, and can give him more money than the scoundrel ever saw in his life. I know his sort."
He did not hide his jewel. Her movements were free, assured, and she blushed a dusky red. Her mother had taught her to read and write; she had learned a good bit of English from Jim, and she spoke it most amusingly, with his own clipping, boyish intonation. Talking, he seemed to imply, was no business of his. In this he was actuated by a sense of duty; he had to look after Stein's business, he said. Hadn't he? Half the roof of his house had fallen in, and the whole place had a mangy look, with wisps of dry grass sticking out and the corners of broken mats flapping on every wall. It made Jewel cry. it was beastly--the whole six weeks of it."'
Meantime he felt all sorts of dangers gathering obscurely about him. He was to be poisoned. asked Cornelius, pronouncing the words with difficulty, like a man in the cold fit of a fever. He laughed and blushed. "I watched."
Jim only nodded, without looking at him. Jim spent the day with the old nakhoda, preaching the necessity of vigorous action to the principal men of the Bugis community, who had been summoned for a big talk. "I managed to put some backbone into them that time, and no mistake," he said. Sherif Ali's emissaries had been seen in the market-place the day before, strutting about haughtily in white cloaks, and boasting of the Rajah's friendship for their master. 'As he had got the Bugis irretrievably committed to action and had made himself responsible for success on his own head, he was so elated that in the lightness of his heart he absolutely tried to be civil with Cornelius. asked Jim. It was empty. He was weary of these attempts upon his life. He was sick of them. Jim and the girl stopped in the rank grass. It seems he noticed its friendly beauty. he exclaimed, craning his neck to look about him. He gasped. Again the girl was by his side. Of the next night? "Now! 'He explained to me that he was bitterly disappointed at this. "Fire! She, being in the dark and with her arm thrust in to the shoulder through the small hole, couldn't see what was going on, and she dared not withdraw the torch now to run round. yelled Jim contemptuously, but his impulse to burst into a resentful exasperated laugh died without a sound: he had perceived in the very act of turning away that he was exchanging glances with a pair of eyes in the heap of mats. "Come out!" 'Jim noted all this. He held his shot, he says, deliberately. He was absolutely positive and certain. A dead man, anyhow. Jim said.
The three men obeyed him, perfectly mute, moving automatically. He ranged them in a row. "Link arms!" he ordered. They stepped out together, rigidly; he followed, and at the side the girl, in a trailing white gown, her black hair falling as low as her waist, bore the light. Erect and swaying, she seemed to glide without touching the earth; the only sound was the silky swish and rustle of the long grass. cried Jim. "Take my greetings to Sherif Ali--till I come myself," said Jim. "Jump!" 'He did not tell me what it was he said when at last he recovered his voice. 'Then he got up and began to walk about in some agitation. No time to lose. He slapped his chest. He had the gift of finding a special meaning in everything that happened to him. Not yet!" his voice changed. Never! 'That's what he said to me on my last day with him. What of that? Her lover also came to her from there, gifted with irresistible seductions; but what would become of her if he should return to these inconceivable regions that seemed always to claim back their own? Her mother had warned her of this with tears, before she died . She was audacious and shrinking. She feared nothing, but she was checked by the profound incertitude and the extreme strangeness--a brave person groping in the dark.
Never!" She wanted him to leave her. What would you have? '"You did not want to die weeping?" "Like my mother," she added readily. The outlines of her white shape did not stir in the least. do not believe him?" "Her father too." "More true than any other man," she repeated in lingering accents. And Jim, too--poor devil! He had what he wanted. What I had to tell her was that in the whole world there was no one who ever would need his heart, his mind, his hand. I asked. Why should she fear? He was all that. He was more. "Because he is not good enough," I said brutally.
Marlow paused, crossed his arms on his breast, and in a changed tone--  'She said we lied. Well--let's leave it to Chance, whose ally is Time, that cannot be hurried, and whose enemy is Death, that will not wait. No lights!" Jim was asking; and then, "Gone down--has he? But he is one of us, and he could say he was satisfied . One could almost envy him his catastrophe. That's the sort of thing he is. Well--what of that? 'Jim had been a little angry with me for mentioning Cornelius at all. Who is he? He is a big fool, honourable sir." I laughed contemptuously, and, turning on my heel, began to walk on again. The gist of the affair, which became clear to me gradually, was in this, that he regarded himself as entitled to some money in exchange for the girl. He had brought her up. Great trouble and pains--old man now--suitable present. That kind of thing, with him, was evidently a vocation. He took a few seconds to gather this in. He will never go home." "Patience--patience," he muttered, striking his breast.
Jim listened for a time without looking up, and at last told him gently to wait. He would hear him by-and-by. "Yes, I've changed all that," he went on, with a sidelong glance at the two patient squatting fishermen; "but only try to think what it would be if I went away. Never. "to keep in touch with" . he was romantic, romantic. "In the destructive element immerse! he said. 'We shook hands, and I walked to the boat, which waited with her nose on the beach. he began. The twilight was ebbing fast from the sky above his head, the strip of sand had sunk already under his feet, he himself appeared no bigger than a child--then only a speck, a tiny white speck, that seemed to catch all the light left in a darkened world. And, suddenly, I lost him.
 With these words Marlow had ended his narrative, and his audience had broken up forthwith, under his abstract, pensive gaze. Each of them seemed to carry away his own impression, to carry it away with him like a secret; but there was only one man of all these listeners who was ever to hear the last word of the story. It came to him at home, more than two years later, and it came contained in a thick packet addressed in Marlow's upright and angular handwriting. His rooms were in the highest flat of a lofty building, and his glance could travel afar beyond the clear panes of glass, as though he were looking out of the lantern of a lighthouse. The hour was striking! From this last fell another letter, yellowed by time and frayed on the folds. I don't suppose you've forgotten,' went on the letter. He had tried to write; do you notice the commonplace hand? It is headed "The Fort, Patusan." Within he would be an invincible host in himself "The Fort, Patusan." What is a number and a name to a day of days? "An awful thing has happened," he wrote before he flung the pen down for the first time; look at the ink blot resembling the head of an arrow under these words. "I must now at once . It was found carefully preserved in his writing-case. It is from his father, and by the date you can see he must have received it a few days before he joined the Patna. There is nothing in it except just affection. He tells his "dear James" that the last long letter from him was very "honest and entertaining." Therefore resolve fixedly never, through any possible motives, to do anything which you believe to be wrong." There is also some news of a favourite dog; and a pony, "which all you boys used to ride," had gone blind from old age and had to be shot. 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. But it has happened--and there is no disputing its logic. It's difficult to believe he will never come. '"I could see directly I set my eyes on him what sort of a fool he was," gasped the dying Brown. Not he! And so I did make an end of him after all. . "Gentleman Brown." 'So much as to Brown, for the present. On the garden side of the house a Malay on the verandah greeted me shyly, and I remembered that I had seen him in Patusan, in Jim's house, amongst other Bugis men who used to come in the evening to talk interminably over their war reminiscences and to discuss State affairs. Tamb' Itam looked as if he did not know what to say. "She is here, she is here," he repeated, in great perturbation. At the door of the drawing-room he barred my way. Tell her to forgive him. It was very frightful." The waxed floor reflected her dimly as though it had been a sheet of frozen water. Her face was set. "He would not! Or is it that you are all mad?" I stood rooted to the spot after she had finished. Not one tear. 'I saw her once again, the same afternoon. Terrible," he said to me. There with Marlow's signature the letter proper ended.
The others were merely vulgar and greedy brutes, but he seemed moved by some complex intention. Later on he ran off--it was reported--with the wife of a missionary, a very young girl from Clapham way, who had married the mild, flat-footed fellow in a moment of enthusiasm, and, suddenly transplanted to Melanesia, lost her bearings somehow. She was ill at the time he carried her off, and died on board his ship. His luck left him, too, very soon after. 'His tale goes that when a Spanish patrol cutter captured him he was simply trying to run a few guns for the insurgents. It is a harrowing and desperate story. Brown's idea was to make for Madagascar, where he expected, on grounds not altogether illusory, to sell the schooner in Tamatave, and no questions asked, or perhaps obtain some more or less forged papers for her. Of liberty! His men believed him too. Brown was astonished at the size of the place. Two of his men had been wounded, and he saw his retreat cut off below the town by some boats that had put off from Tunku Allang's stockade. There were six of them, full of men. Steering the long-boat in, they landed, and, to make a long story short, they established themselves on a little knoll about 900 yards from the stockade, which, in fact, they commanded from that position. The slopes of the knoll were bare, but there were a few trees on the summit. It was an immense place. But round their position everything was still, dark, silent.
Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. He had not Jim's racial prestige and the reputation of invincible, supernatural power. It was to her that Dain Waris had gone at once at the first intelligence of danger, for you must know that Jim was the only one in Patusan who possessed a store of gunpowder. Dain Waris in his father's presence would offer no opinion, though the girl entreated him in Jim's name to speak out. To cut off the escape of those who might survive, and to prevent more of them coming up, Dain Waris was ordered by Doramin to take an armed party of Bugis down the river to a certain spot ten miles below Patusan, and there form a camp on the shore and blockade the stream with the canoes. I don't believe for a moment that Doramin feared the arrival of fresh forces. The old nakhoda declared his intention to command there himself. He was overjoyed. It had occurred to him that these whites, together with the Rajah's followers, could attack and defeat the Bugis before Jim's return. Jim! Jim! "They call him," said Cornelius scornfully, "Tuan Jim here. As you may say Lord Jim." "What is he? inquired Brown. Is he an Englishman?" He is a fool. Everything belongs to him," explained Cornelius. He was very pressing with Brown to send the "order," offering at the same time a trusty messenger, who for greater secrecy (as he explained) would make his way by land to the mouth of the river and deliver the "order" on board.
Brown saw him, and instantly called to his side the Yankee deserter, who acted as a sort of second in command. That beggar belonging to the Rajah scooted down-hill with his eyes hanging out of his head." "There's nobody," opined some of the men. Kassim had gone, by that time, very much impressed, pleased too, and also uneasy. On the other hand, he had in the course of that day sent word to the assembled Bugis chiefs in town, assuring them that he was trying to induce the invaders to retire; his messages to the fort asked earnestly for powder for the Rajah's men. It was already time for men to take sides, it began to be said. Brown applied to, said, "Go, and be d--d to you," scornfully. "Let no one fire," shouted Brown. Cornelius translated. The tide is flowing." he asked of Cornelius, who hung about him. "He has come," said Cornelius. Brown asked. pursued Brown. He is just like a fool. He will come to you straight."
From the outline the figure presented it seemed to him that the white man there, backed up by all the power of the land, was examining his position through binoculars. Their antagonism must have been expressed in their glances; I know that Brown hated Jim at first sight. This was not the man he had expected to see. He did not look like a man who would be willing to give anything for assistance. He was not hungry and desperate, and he did not seem in the least afraid. and Jim after a little pause went on quietly, as If he had not heard: "What made you come here?" "You want to know," said Brown bitterly. Hunger. And what made you?" He had come down of his own free will. Don't you be one. No? Well--it is dirty. Of a prison. 'His debilitated body shook with an exultation so vehement, so assured, and so malicious that it seemed to have driven off the death waiting for him in that hut. It is impossible to say how much he lied to Jim then, how much he lied to me now--and to himself always. Why, gents!
And after glaring at me wildly he would go on, jubilating and sneering. As to coming to Patusan, who had the right to say he hadn't come to beg? 'At last Brown threw himself down full length and watched Jim out of the corners of his eyes. "Will you promise to leave the coast?" Jim asked. Afterwards he followed his master to the fort, where all the principal Bugis and Patusan inhabitants had been summoned for a talk. he exclaimed regretfully. The people inside crowded round him, so that he could hardly make his way to the house. And that he had never deceived them. He turned to Doramin. "Then," said Jim, "call in Dain Waris, your son, my friend, for in this business I shall not lead."'
seem to ring over those distances that will never give him up now to a world indifferent to his failings and his virtues, and to that ardent and clinging affection that refuses him the dole of tears in the bewilderment of a great grief and of eternal separation. Tuan Jim gave his orders and was obeyed. 'About ten or so Jim's men marched in. His mission was to go down the river, preceding Brown's boat by an hour or more, to tell Dain Waris finally and formally that the whites were to be allowed to pass out unmolested. Jim would not trust anybody else with that service. Start as soon as your boat floats on the morning tide. The bushes on both sides of the creek and the stockade at the mouth are full of well-armed men. Jim chose him to carry the note because he could speak English, was known to Brown, and was not likely to be shot by some nervous mistake of one of the men as a Malay, approaching in the dusk, perhaps might have been. Brown paid no attention. You might have had money from the Rajah, besides the loot of all the Bugis houses, and now you get nothing." He had simply informed him of Dain Waris's armed party down the river. He said nothing, and after a while Cornelius remarked, in a tone of complete indifference, that there was another way out of the river which he knew very well. "He thinks he has made me harmless, does he?" He is a fool. Brown at the tiller heard Jim speak calmly: "A clear road. 'Thus Brown, invisible in the mist, goes out of Patusan elbow to elbow with Cornelius in the stern-sheets of the long-boat. "Not long enough to see through a fog like this," Brown said, lolling back with his arm swinging to and fro on the useless tiller. Cornelius grunted. Cornelius, without a word, took the tiller from his hand.'
At a mutter from Cornelius, Brown ordered his men to load. Dain Waris, reclining on his elbow, bade him speak and tell all the news. Dain Waris listened attentively to the end, toying with the ring which ultimately he slipped on the forefinger of his right hand. After hearing all he had to say he dismissed Tamb' Itam to have food and rest. Stealthily he landed his men on the other side of the island opposite to the Bugis camp, and led them across. At the edge of the patch of forest Brown's men spread themselves out in cover and waited. At the sound of the first shots Dain Waris, reclining on the couch, jumped up and ran out upon the open shore, just in time to receive a bullet in his forehead at the second discharge. He and his companions were the survivors of a crew of six. Brown lived to be seen by me, and I can testify that he had played his part to the last. "What became of him?" It is true that at first the men in her leaped overboard and swam to the opposite bank, but afterwards they returned to their boat and started fearfully up-stream.
Then he broke out very quickly: "They have killed Dain Waris and many more." She caught him by the arm, and, pointing at the house, "Call him out," she whispered, trembling. "It is I, Tamb' Itam," he cried at the door, "with tidings that cannot wait." "Is he dead?" "Why do you stand here?" "Forgive me, Tuan, but . but," he began to stammer. "What?" He sat like a stone figure. People had trusted him with their lives--only for that; and yet they could never, as he had said, never be made to understand him. Jim looked up at him. "Fight! he asked. He went out, thinking vaguely of boats and of open sea, leaving Jim and the girl together. She could not understand. asked one of them timidly. Four men carried it in, covered decently with a white sheet which the old mother had sent out down to the gate to meet her son on his return. she cried. "There is nothing to fight for," he said; "nothing is lost." He bent his head. He did not look back. When they reached the other shore his master forbade him to come any farther; but Tamb' Itam did follow him at a distance, walking up the slope to Doramin's campong. 'It was beginning to grow dark. 'Doramin, alone! immense and desolate, sat in his arm-chair with the pair of flintlock pistols on his knees, faced by a armed throng. Doramin did not lift his head, and Jim stood silent before him for a time. He heard this and turned to the crowd. Jim waited awhile before Doramin, and then said gently, "I am come in sorrow." 'And that's the end. He feels it himself, and says often that he is "preparing to leave all this; preparing to leave .
He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull. He was spotlessly neat, apparelled in immaculate white from shoes to hat, and in the various Eastern ports where he got his living as ship-chandler's water-clerk he was very popular. The connection thus begun is kept up, as long as the ship remains in harbour, by the daily visits of the water-clerk. Later on the bill is sent in. It is a beautiful and humane occupation. He had, of course, another name, but he was anxious that it should not be pronounced. He kept to seaports because he was a seaman in exile from the sea, and had Ability in the abstract, which is good for no other work but that of a water-clerk. Afterwards, when his keen perception of the Intolerable drove him away for good from seaports and white men, even into the virgin forest, the Malays of the jungle village, where he had elected to conceal his deplorable faculty, added a word to the monosyllable of his incognito. They called him Tuan Jim: as one might say--Lord Jim. Originally he came from a parsonage. The living had belonged to the family for generations; but Jim was one of five sons, and when after a course of light holiday literature his vocation for the sea had declared itself, he was sent at once to a 'training-ship for officers of the mercantile marine.' On the lower deck in the babel of two hundred voices he would forget himself, and beforehand live in his mind the sea-life of light literature. He could affront greater perils. He could detect no trace of emotion in himself, and the final effect of a staggering event was that, unnoticed and apart from the noisy crowd of boys, he exulted with fresh certitude in his avidity for adventure, and in a sense of many-sided courage. After two years of training he went to sea, and entering the regions so well known to his imagination, found them strangely barren of adventure. Jim, disabled by a falling spar at the beginning of a week of which his Scottish captain used to say afterwards, 'Man! His lameness, however, persisted, and when the ship arrived at an Eastern port he had to go to the hospital. His recovery was slow, and he was left behind. Nothing offered just then, and, while waiting, he associated naturally with the men of his calling in the port. They loved short passages, good deck-chairs, large native crews, and the distinction of being white. She was owned by a Chinaman, chartered by an Arab, and commanded by a sort of renegade New South Wales German, very anxious to curse publicly his native country, but who, apparently on the strength of Bismarck's victorious policy, brutalised all those he was not afraid of, and wore a 'blood-and-iron' air,' combined with a purple nose and a red moustache. 'Look at dese cattle,' said the German skipper to his new chief mate. The five whites on board lived amidships, isolated from the human cargo.
Jim paced athwart, and his footsteps in the vast silence were loud to his own ears, as if echoed by the watchful stars: his eyes, roaming about the line of the horizon, seemed to gaze hungrily into the unattainable, and did not see the shadow of the coming event. The only shadow on the sea was the shadow of the black smoke pouring heavily from the funnel its immense streamer, whose end was constantly dissolving in the air. At such times his thoughts would be full of valorous deeds: he loved these dreams and the success of his imaginary achievements. They were the best parts of life, its secret truth, its hidden reality. His skipper had come up noiselessly, in pyjamas and with his sleeping-jacket flung wide open. Jim started, and his answer was full of deference; but the odious and fleshy figure, as though seen for the first time in a revealing moment, fixed itself in his memory for ever as the incarnation of everything vile and base that lurks in the world we love: in our own hearts we trust for our salvation, in the men that surround us, in the sights that fill our eyes, in the sounds that fill our ears, and in the air that fills our lungs. went on the other. He . 'Drink!' The chief had given him a four-finger nip about ten o'clock--'only one, s'elp me!' Even the skipper himself . . The quality of these men did not matter; he rubbed shoulders with them, but they could not touch him; he shared the air they breathed, but he was different. . . Would the skipper go for the engineer? . 'Who's drunk? He said 'Damn!' The sharp hull driving on its way seemed to rise a few inches in succession through its whole length, as though it had become pliable, and settled down again rigidly to its work of cleaving the smooth surface of the sea. Its quivering stopped, and the faint noise of thunder ceased all at once, as though the ship had steamed across a narrow belt of vibrating water and of humming air. A month or so afterwards, when Jim, in answer to pointed questions, tried to tell honestly the truth of this experience, he said, speaking of the ship: 'She went over whatever it was as easy as a snake crawling over a stick.' asked the assessor sitting to the left. 'I was told to call no one and to make no noise for fear of creating a panic. After opening the forepeak hatch I heard splashing in there. I knew then there must be a big hole below the water-line.' I went back to tell the captain. I fancy he was asking him why the devil he didn't go and stop the engines, instead of making a row about it on deck. He moaned as he ran. .' He was anxious to make this clear. He wanted to go on talking for truth's sake, perhaps for his own sake also; and while his utterance was deliberate, his mind positively flew round and round the serried circle of facts that had surged up all about him to cut him off from the rest of his kind: it was like a creature that, finding itself imprisoned within an enclosure of high stakes, dashes round and round, distracted in the night, trying to find a weak spot, a crevice, a place to scale, some opening through which it may squeeze itself and escape. . He met the eyes of the white man. The glance directed at him was not the fascinated stare of the others. This fellow--ran the thought--looks at me as though he could see somebody or something past my shoulder. He was positive he had never spoken to him. For days, for many days, he had spoken to no one, but had held silent, incoherent, and endless converse with himself, like a prisoner alone in his cell or like a wayfarer lost in a wilderness. That man there seemed to be aware of his hopeless difficulty. And later on, many times, in distant parts of the world, Marlow showed himself willing to remember Jim, to remember him at length, in detail and audibly. I am willing to believe each of us has a guardian angel, if you fellows will concede to me that each of us has a familiar devil as well. He is there right enough, and, being malicious, he lets me in for that kind of thing. You must know that everybody connected in any way with the sea was there, because the affair had been notorious for days, ever since that mysterious cable message came from Aden to start us all cackling. This went on for a couple of weeks or more, and the opinion that whatever was mysterious in this affair would turn out to be tragic as well, began to prevail, when one fine morning, as I was standing in the shade by the steps of the harbour office, I perceived four men walking towards me along the quay. Captain Elliot is the man you want to see. ejected him again. The young chap, making no movement, not even stirring his head, just stared into the sunshine. He looked as unconcerned and unapproachable as only the young can look. . is he callous? "That old mad rogue upstairs called me a hound," said the captain of the Patna. He was the kind of fellow you would, on the strength of his looks, leave in charge of the deck--figuratively and professionally speaking. . . He has offered his bit of sacrifice to the sea, and now he may go home pretending he thinks nothing of it; and the little willing victim shall be very sea-sick before next morning. He wouldn't be terrified with a pack of lies by a cocky half-bred little quill-driver. He was not going to be bullied by "no object of that sort," if the story were true "ever so"! The police plucked him off a garbage-heap in the early morning. Perhaps, unconsciously, I hoped I would find that something, some profound and redeeming cause, some merciful explanation, some convincing shadow of an excuse. I was, and no mistake, looking for a miracle. What did he mean? . Look under the bed." "What can you see?" "Millions of pink toads. He winked facetiously. They are trampling on me! I say, we've got the chief engineer of that pilgrim ship here. 's of the worst kind. '"Not in the least," I called back from the gateway.'
'The authorities were evidently of the same opinion. Whether they knew it or not, the interest that drew them here was purely psychological--the expectation of some essential disclosure as to the strength, the power, the horror, of human emotions. Naturally nothing of the kind could be disclosed. However, an official inquiry could not be any other thing. You can't expect the constituted authorities to inquire into the state of a man's soul--or is it only of his liver? Brierly was the other. Big Brierly. As I looked at him, flanking on one side the unassuming pale-faced magistrate who presided at the inquiry, his self-satisfaction presented to me and to the world a surface as hard as granite. He committed suicide very soon after. Jones.' 'Thirty-two miles more as she goes,' says he, 'and then we shall be clear, and you may alter the course twenty degrees to the southward.' On the bridge, boy! "Yes, Captain Marlow. He left me his night-glasses--here they are; and he wished me to take care of the dog--here he is. Why?" . I spoke with him for the last time during the progress of the inquiry. "And goodness knows how long it will last. "I feel like a fool all the time." "Why are we tormenting that young chap?" he asked. This question chimed in so well to the tolling of a certain thought of mine that, with the image of the absconding renegade in my eye, I answered at once, "Hanged if I know, unless it be that he lets you." Can't he see that wretched skipper of his has cleared out? What does he expect to happen? He's done for." I don't know why his tone provoked me, and I said, "There is a kind of courage in facing it out as he does, knowing very well that if he went away nobody would trouble to run after him." Brierly went on: "This is a disgrace. We are trusted. . 'He broke off, and in a changed tone, "I'll give you two hundred rupees now, Marlow, and you just talk to that chap. Brierly was not bored--he was exasperated; and if so, then Jim might not have been impudent. Very soon after that exchange of glances the inquiry was adjourned again to the next day. The man with me instinctively looked up at her. This checked him for a second. "Who's a cur now--hey?" He looked at me patiently while I was thinking of something to say, but I could find nothing on the spur of the moment, and he began to walk on. He was of the right sort; he was one of us. "He has seen it all in the home papers by this time," said Jim. He was not one of them; he was altogether of another sort. At home he could perhaps get something; but it meant going to his people for help, and that he would not do. I had been "no end kind" to him. "Do you know what _you_ would have done? . "It is all in being ready. They had picked up the captain, the mate, and two engineers of the steamer Patna sunk at sea, and that, very properly, was enough for them. Not then. what a chance missed! "It is unfortunate you didn't know beforehand!" He passed his hand over his forehead. 'He confessed that his knees wobbled a good deal as he stood on the foredeck looking at another sleeping crowd. 'You must remember he believed, as any other man would have done in his place, that the ship would go down at any moment; the bulging, rust-eaten plates that kept back the ocean, fatally must give way, all at once like an undermined dam, and let in a sudden and overwhelming flood. '"I saw as clearly as I see you now that there was nothing I could do. It seemed to take all life out of my limbs. The only distinct thought formed, vanishing, and re-forming in his brain, was: eight hundred people and seven boats; eight hundred people and seven boats. He was not afraid--oh no! He was not afraid of death perhaps, but I'll tell you what, he was afraid of the emergency. His confounded imagination had evoked for him all the horrors of panic, the trampling rush, the pitiful screams, boats swamped--all the appalling incidents of a disaster at sea he had ever heard of. A couple of men he could not make out began to converse drowsily, and also, he could not tell where, he detected a curious noise of shuffling feet. He knew his duty. '"The beggar clung to me like a drowning man," he said impressively. "Water, water! He got hold of my hand now, and I felt that he would begin to shout. It flashed upon me it was enough to start a panic, and I hauled off with my free arm and slung the lamp in his face. I turned on him. He would not keep quiet; he tried to shout; I had half throttled him before I made out what he wanted. His child was sick--and thirsty. We were under the bridge, in the dark. He vanished. A boat! 'Aren't you going to do something?' 'Yes. Clear out,' he snarled over his shoulder. I watched the slant of the ship. And the timber--the timber! Would you have had the courage to swing the maul for the first blow if you had seen that bulkhead? He swayed me. Marlow paused to put new life into his expiring cheroot, seemed to forget all about the story, and abruptly began again. Ever since he had been "so high"--"quite a little chap," he had been preparing himself for all the difficulties that can beset one on land and water. He had been taken unawares--and he whispered to himself a malediction upon the waters and the firmament, upon the ship, upon the men. Everything had betrayed him! He had been tricked into that sort of high-minded resignation which prevented him lifting as much as his little finger, while these others who had a very clear perception of the actual necessity were tumbling against each other and sweating desperately over that boat business. And I believe him. And still she floated! They stopped him at last. There was nothing to do but to sink with the ship. '"Come and help! 'He ran back to the boat on the points of his toes, and returned directly to worry at his sleeve, begging and cursing at the same time. Damn him! I hit him. He called me an infernal coward!
They stood idle for a moment, and suddenly the chief engineer rushed again at Jim. '"Come and help, man! The boat was clear. He wanted me to know he had kept his distance; that there was nothing in common between him and these men--who had the hammer. They had no leisure to look back upon his passive heroism, to feel the sting of his abstention. His eyes fell again. "See and hear. I had felt the ship move. He exaggerated. It was at this moment too that he saw one of the men around the boat step backwards suddenly, clutch at the air with raised arms, totter and collapse. Acted third engineer," he explained. he cried. She's going." All this had come to him: the sounds, the sights, the legs of the dead man--by Jove! It's extraordinary how he could cast upon you the spirit of his illusion. Jump! The squall! Jump!' '"I knew nothing about it till I looked up," he explained hastily. It was as if I had jumped into a well--into an everlasting deep hole. Nothing could be more true: he had indeed jumped into an everlasting deep hole. He had tumbled from a height he could never scale again. Then the shower swept ahead, and the great, distracting, hissing noise followed the rain into distance and died out. 'They watched in the dark with their heads half turned to windward as if expecting to hear cries. 'It did not seem so strange to me. He must have had an unconscious conviction that the reality could not be half as bad, not half as anguishing, appalling, and vengeful as the created terror of his imagination. Why this impulse? Why back to the very spot? The lights were gone. He noticed that they talked as though they had left behind them nothing but an empty ship. he asked. howls the skipper from the other end of the boat. "But it kept me from--Look! . Would they? into that boat--I . 'Murdering coward!' He stopped, muttered to himself, and went back. He went back to his oar. I would have tried to--to . We were like men walled up quick in a roomy grave. Nothing mattered." Trust a boat on the high seas to bring out the Irrational that lurks at the bottom of every thought, sentiment, sensation, emotion. 'And the rising sun found him just as he had jumped up first in the bows of the boat. And the endurance is undeniable too. I heard them. They were begging me to be sensible and drop that 'blooming piece of wood.' The chief engineer advised him to humour me. "Well?" "What did I care what story they agreed to make up?" He went on and on and on. Weren't we all in the same boat? 'He heard me out with his head on one side, and I had another glimpse through a rent in the mist in which he moved and had his being. words seemed to fail him. He was a youngster of the sort you like to see about you; of the sort you like to imagine yourself to have been; of the sort whose appearance claims the fellowship of these illusions you had thought gone out, extinct, cold, and which, as if rekindled at the approach of another flame, give a flutter deep, deep down somewhere, give a flutter of light . '"I would have meant to be," he retorted. You've got to believe that, too. . Would have ended nothing," he muttered over me obstinately, after a little while. the proper thing was to face it out--alone for myself--wait for another chance--find out .
'"The Avondale picked us up just before sunset," he remarked moodily. 'After a long interval, he said, "They told their story." And again there was that oppressive silence. '"You said nothing," I whispered. Stopped the ship. Ascertained the damage. he asked, dismayed. "That's what I had to live down. The story didn't matter." He clasped his hands for an instant, glanced right and left into the gloom: "It was like cheating the dead," he stammered. 'He went away from me at this. Shouts for help . The others did not. They all said No. 'The Patna . French gunboat . But the lights! The lights did go! We did not see them. They were not there. I would have had my chance. This question of the lights being lost sight of when the boat could not have been more than a quarter of a mile from the ship was a matter for much discussion. It was obvious and comforting. But she turned her back on them as if in disdain of their fate: she had swung round, burdened, to glare stubbornly at the new danger of the open sea which she so strangely survived to end her days in a breaking-up yard, as if it had been her recorded fate to die obscurely under the blows of many hammers. The report of her commander was public property. Indeed this affair, I may notice in passing, had an extraordinary power of defying the shortness of memories and the length of time: it seemed to live, with a sort of uncanny vitality, in the minds of men, on the tips of their tongues. And I am the only seaman here. "Because, mind you (notez bien), all the time of towing we had two quartermasters stationed with axes by the hawsers, to cut us clear of our tow in case she . I stayed on that ship thirty hours. We made our boats ready to drop over--and I also on that ship took measures. They delivered their charge to the "port authorities," as he expressed it. Twenty-five minutes." how the time passes!" "Pray--tell me," he began, coming up ponderously, "what was there at the bottom of this affair--precisely (au juste)? That _is_ it." "And after all, one does not die of it." He drank carelessly. "Man is born a coward (L'homme est ne poltron). that is real--that is! Water-clerk. I don't know how Jim's soul accommodated itself to the new conditions of his life--I was kept too busy in getting him something to do that would keep body and soul together--but I am pretty certain his adventurous fancy was suffering all the pangs of starvation. I kept my eye on his shabby plodding with a sort of notion that it was a punishment for the heroics of his fancy--an expiation for his craving after more glamour than he could carry. Our communion in the night was uncommonly like a last vigil with a condemned man. He was guilty too. with the greatest pleasure. "Clear out! I felt angry--not for the first time that night. "The whole wretched business," I said, "is bitter enough, I should think, for a man of your kind . "Went away . They! He gazed as though he had been haunted. Absolutely running, with nowhere to go to. And he was not yet four-and-twenty.'
For all my foolishness about scaffolds and heads rolling off--I assure you it was infinitely worse than a beheading. These proceedings had all the cold vengefulness of a death-sentence, and the cruelty of a sentence of exile. The first as to whether the ship was in every respect fit and seaworthy for the voyage. The next point, I remember, was, whether up to the time of the accident the ship had been navigated with proper and seamanlike care. They said Yes to that, goodness knows why, and then they declared that there was no evidence to show the exact cause of the accident. "in utter disregard of their plain duty," it said. "The Court . certificates cancelled." Outside I stood still, and when Jim passed me on his way to the gate, I caught at his arm and detained him. "Takes it to heart?" And then what's the consequence? Had to! "A little deaf," said Chester aside. He saw it all in a jiffy. he! "He! he! We've got a steamer." "He's no good, is he?" "He is no earthly good for anything," Chester mused aloud. "I must have a man. I caught sight of Jim leaning over the parapet of the quay. I steered him into my bedroom, and sat down at once to write letters. The damned thing--as he had expressed it--had not made him invisible, but I behaved exactly as though he were. I said nothing; and he, out there with his back to the light, as if bound and gagged by all the invisible foes of man, made no stir and made no sound.' He was not clear. And there is a suspicion he was not clear to himself either. "May I have a cigarette?" the end of the cigarette smouldered between his fingers . As soon as he left my room, that "bit of shelter," he would take his place in the ranks, and begin the journey towards the bottomless pit. '"Yes, it is very dark," I said. I lost no time in entreating him earnestly not to be absurd; to come in and shut the door.'
(There were three weeks and five days' pay owing him as mate of the Patna.) Where will you turn? he began. And perhaps he is, after all). I am writing to a man of whom I've never asked a favour, and I am writing about you in terms that one only ventures to use when speaking of an intimate friend. "It is noble of you!" this is what I--you--I . I was almost alarmed by this display of feeling, through which pierced a strange elation. Last night already you had done me no end of good. Listening to me--you know. "You have given me confidence," he declared, soberly. I entreated, as though he had hurt me. I'll shut up now and henceforth. 'But as to me, left alone with the solitary candle, I remained strangely unenlightened. A clean slate, did he say? As if the initial word of each our destiny were not graven in imperishable characters upon the face of a rock.' He had been in the house for six weeks, and had not as yet attempted to slap him on the back, or address him as "old boy," or try to make him feel a superannuated fossil. Thus my friend. 'I made a trip to the northward, and when I returned I found another letter from my friend waiting for me. He is gone, leaving on the breakfast-table a formal little note of apology, which is either silly or heartless. That little second engineer of the Patna had turned up in a more or less destitute state, and got a temporary job of looking after the machinery of the mill. "I couldn't stand the familiarity of the little beast," Jim wrote from a seaport seven hundred miles south of the place where he should have been in clover. Before the end of the year my new charter took me that way, and I had an opportunity of seeing him. He didn't. Infernally fawning and familiar--and that sort of thing . He, too, was familiar with me." He burst into a short laugh, and dropped his chin on his breast. "Well?" "Jim!" He seemed to take refuge in the boat-sailing part of that sorry business. him! He has left us. I was too concerned at the news to ask for the explanation of that pronouncement, and he went on. "He left--let's see--the very day a steamer with returning pilgrims from the Red Sea put in here with two blades of her propeller gone. Vanlo's manager winks at us and asks, 'What's the matter, Captain O'Brien?' It's a disgrace to human natur'--that's what it is. I would despise being seen in the same room with one of those men. I thought he meant it was time for him to go down to his work. . And now . a rise in the screw--that's the trouble--is it?' 'Who has been getting at you? '"He was the mate of the Patna that voyage," I said, feeling that I owed some explanation. "And who the devil cares about that?" "And what the devil is he--anyhow--for to go on like this?" he exclaimed, "I told him the earth wouldn't be big enough to hold his caper."'
They were all equally tinged by a high-minded absurdity of intention which made their futility profound and touching. He was indeed unfortunate, for all his recklessness could not carry him out from under the shadow. Obviously Jim was not of the winking sort; but what I could never make up my mind about was whether his line of conduct amounted to shirking his ghost or to facing him out. To the common mind he became known as a rolling stone, because this was the funniest part: he did after a time become perfectly known, and even notorious, within the circle of his wanderings (which had a diameter of, say, three thousand miles), in the same way as an eccentric character is known to a whole countryside. "Everybody in the room seemed to know," he said, gasping yet from the contest, as it were. I've got to write to Europe for them. I had given him many opportunities, but they had been merely opportunities to earn his bread. 'This Stein was a wealthy and respected merchant. All this was in the past, but I knew the story of his life and the origin of his fortune. I, who knew, considered him an eminently suitable person to receive my confidences about Jim's difficulties as well as my own. I stood at his back. He had a little money; he started life afresh, and in the course of years acquired a considerable fortune. He is romantic." "How to be! In a dream. No! "And that is very bad--very bad. Stein lifted his hand. "Everybody knows of one or two like that," said Stein; "and that is the trouble--the great trouble. "Sleep well. And to-morrow we must do something practical--practical. He was going back to his butterflies.' 'I don't suppose any of you have ever heard of Patusan?' Thus with Patusan. It was Jim who went there. He left his earthly failings behind him and what sort of reputation he had, and there was a totally new set of conditions for his imaginative faculty to work upon. Entirely new, entirely remarkable. It was at breakfast of the morning following our talk about Jim that he mentioned the place, after I had quoted poor Brierly's remark: "Let him creep twenty feet underground and stay there." It is impossible to suspect Stein. "That has nothing to do with me. He did not go out, not at all; on the contrary, he came on wonderfully, came on straight as a die and in excellent form, which showed that he could stay as well as spurt.
You find the name of the country pretty often in collections of old voyages. Where wouldn't they go for pepper! It made them great! 'In Patusan they had found lots of pepper, and had been impressed by the magnificence and the wisdom of the Sultan; but somehow, after a century of chequered intercourse, the country seems to drop gradually out of the trade. He was a dirty, little, used-up old man with evil eyes and a weak mouth, who swallowed an opium pill every two hours, and in defiance of common decency wore his hair uncovered and falling in wild stringy locks about his wizened grimy face. As a matter of fact I did not do it justice; his first day in Patusan was nearly his last--would have been his last if he had not been so reckless or so hard on himself and had condescended to load that revolver. Once he got in, it would be for the outside world as though he had never existed. If he had thoroughly understood the conditions, I concluded, he had better jump into the first gharry he could see and drive on to Stein's house for his final instructions. He had in his pocket a letter for Cornelius ("the Johnnie who's going to get the sack," he explained, with a momentary drop in his elation), and he exhibited with glee a silver ring, such as natives use, worn down very thin and showing faint traces of chasing. That chap Doramin had given him the ring. They had exchanged presents when they parted for the last time. The ring was a sort of credential--("It's like something you read of in books," he threw in appreciatively)--and Doramin would do his best for him. 'He impressed, almost frightened, me with his elated rattle. There! He knew something about that. he shouted. Get out of this. This is luck at last . Why hurl defiance at the universe? But then I am twenty years his senior. '"It is not I or the world who remember," I shouted. "It is you--you, who remember." After this we remained silent and languid for a time as if exhausted. "If you only live long enough you will want to come back." "Is it to be never, then?" This wouldn't do, and I offered him an old tin trunk of mine supposed to be water-tight, or at least damp-tight. A heavy revolver and two small boxes of cartridges were lying on the cuddy-table. "It may help you to remain." "May help you to get in," I corrected myself remorsefully. He had forgotten to take them. Patusan." He would take the gentleman to the mouth of the river at Batu Kring (Patusan town "being situated internally," he remarked, "thirty miles"). He assumed a startlingly ferocious demeanour, and imitated to perfection the act of stabbing from behind. "I promise to take care of myself. I feel as if nothing could touch me. Of me, or from me, I don't know which. My eyes were too dazzled by the glitter of the sea below his feet to see him clearly; I am fated never to see him clearly; but I can assure you no man could have appeared less "in the similitude of a corpse," as that half-caste croaker had put it.
'The coast of Patusan (I saw it nearly two years afterwards) is straight and sombre, and faces a misty ocean. He called him Tuan Jim, and the tone of his references was made remarkable by a strange mixture of familiarity and awe. There was already a story that the tide had turned two hours before its time to help him on his journey up the river. 'He sat in it, as I've told you, on his tin box, nursing the unloaded revolver on his lap. He told me, however, that he had never in his life felt so depressed and tired as in that canoe. At the same time a boat full of armed men appeared on the river and came alongside his empty canoe, thus shutting off his retreat. and if that revolver had been loaded I would have shot somebody--perhaps two, three bodies, and that would have been the end of me. That long-legged old scoundrel Kassim (I'll show him to you to-morrow) ran out fussing to me about the Rajah wanting to see me. It's the knowledge that had I been wiped out it is this place that would have been the loser." "And you asked me whether I thought of leaving. Leave! He had to give in to my arguments, because all his conquests, the trust, the fame, the friendships, the love--all these things that made him master had made him a captive, too. No. "It was Doramin who was a thief," burst out the Rajah. Jim began to speak. When Jim had done there was a great stillness. "But the Rajah is afraid of you abominably. Many people trust me to do that--for them. It was apparently when thus occupied in his shed that the true perception of his extreme peril dawned upon him. He picked himself up instantly. It seemed to him he was burying himself alive, and then he struck out madly, scattering the mud with his fists. He traversed more than half the length of the settlement. He says he noticed the little children trying to run for life, falling on their little stomachs and kicking. Doramin!" But he was safe. He was the chief of the second power in Patusan. The Rajah intrigued with him feebly. 'Doramin was one of the most remarkable men of his race I had ever seen. The son of these old people was a most distinguished youth. "And Dain Waris--their son--is the best friend (barring you) I ever had. He paused again. When he arrived the Bugis community was in a most critical position. "They were all afraid," he said to me--"each man afraid for himself; while I could see as plain as possible that they must do something at once, if they did not want to go under one after another, what between the Rajah and that vagabond Sherif." But to see that was nothing. He devised them--an audacious plan; and his task was only half done. He dominated the forest, the secular gloom, the old mankind. It was like a shadow in the light.'
As to the simple folk of outlying villages, they believed and said (as the most natural thing in the world) that Jim had carried the guns up the hill on his back--two at a time. It was part of his captivity. Those people had trusted him implicitly. And the talk! His word decided everything--ever since the smashing of Sherif Ali. The third man in, it seems, had been Tamb' Itam, Jim's own servant. There was something excessive, almost fanatical, in his devotion to his "white lord." In Patusan the excitement was intense. It took its tone from the stillness and gloom of the land without a past, where his word was the one truth of every passing day. ''The defeated Sherif Ali fled the country without making another stand, and when the miserable hunted villagers began to crawl out of the jungle back to their rotting houses, it was Jim who, in consultation with Dain Waris, appointed the headmen. Thus he became the virtual ruler of the land. Doramin was anxious about the future of the country, and I was struck by the turn he gave to the argument. When I tell you besides that Jim with his own hands had worked at the rustic fence, you will perceive directly the difference, the individual side of the story. "Jewel! I was struck by the name, of course; but it was not till later on that I connected it with an astonishing rumour that had met me on my journey, at a little place on the coast about 230 miles south of Patusan River. . . No business of his. See? Such a jewel--it was explained to me by the old fellow from whom I heard most of this amazing Jim-myth--a sort of scribe to the wretched little Rajah of the place;--such a jewel, he said, cocking his poor purblind eyes up at me (he was sitting on the cabin floor out of respect), is best preserved by being concealed about the person of a woman. She must be young--he sighed deeply--and insensible to the seductions of love. But do you notice how, three hundred miles beyond the end of telegraph cables and mail-boat lines, the haggard utilitarian lies of our civilisation wither and die, to be replaced by pure exercises of imagination, that have the futility, often the charm, and sometimes the deep hidden truthfulness, of works of art? Romance had singled Jim for its own--and that was the true part of the story, which otherwise was all wrong. He did not hide his jewel. In fact, he was extremely proud of it. Her manner presented a curious combination of shyness and audacity. There was no appeal, as it were; he was imprisoned within the very freedom of his power, and she, though ready to make a footstool of her head for his feet, guarded her conquest inflexibly--as though he were hard to keep. He tried to hint it was his late wife's fault. I tried to do my duty by Stein, but I had also other matters to think of.
 'He told me further that he didn't know what made him hang on--but of course we may guess. He sympathised deeply with the defenceless girl, at the mercy of that "mean, cowardly scoundrel." Meantime he felt all sorts of dangers gathering obscurely about him. Doramin had sent over twice a trusty servant to tell him seriously that he could do nothing for his safety unless he would recross the river again and live amongst the Bugis as at first. He was to be poisoned. Extremely annoyed at this, Jim came out impetuously, and Cornelius with a faint shriek fled along the verandah as far as the steps, where he hung on to the broken banister. shouted Jim in a passion. Half seriously (being excited with his own thoughts, you know) he went on shouting, "Nothing can touch me! He admits he passed all bounds, that he was quite beside himself--defied all Patusan to scare him away--declared he would make them all dance to his own tune yet, and so on, in a menacing, boasting strain. Hadn't slept like that for weeks. Jim only nodded, without looking at him. 'As he had got the Bugis irretrievably committed to action and had made himself responsible for success on his own head, he was so elated that in the lightness of his heart he absolutely tried to be civil with Cornelius. asked Jim. 'But she moved on swiftly, and he followed her into the courtyard. He told me it was a beautiful night--quite cool, with a little stir of breeze from the river. Remember this is a love story I am telling you now. "They are in the storeroom waiting," whispered the girl; "they are waiting for the signal." he exclaimed, craning his neck to look about him. He thought he had been an awful brute somehow, and he felt remorseful, touched, happy, elated. she said. He remained alone in the darkness, his face to the door: not a sound, not a breath came from the other side. "Now! 'Jim noted all this. He ascertained afterwards that he had shot him through the mouth, a little upwards, the bullet coming out high at the back of the skull. He found himself calm, appeased, without rancour, without uneasiness, as if the death of that man had atoned for everything. The three men obeyed him, perfectly mute, moving automatically. he ordered. "Take my greetings to Sherif Ali--till I come myself," said Jim. Of course one cannot tell. And me finding her here like this--as you may go out for a stroll and come suddenly upon somebody drowning in a lonely dark place. Well, it is a trust too . Not yet!" And yet they can never know the real, real truth . '"But all the same, you wouldn't like to have me aboard your own ship hey?" "Stop this." What is it that moves there? Her lover also came to her from there, gifted with irresistible seductions; but what would become of her if he should return to these inconceivable regions that seemed always to claim back their own?
She feared the unknown as we all do, and her ignorance made the unknown infinitely vast. She wanted him to leave her. 'She was unselfish when she urged Jim to leave her, and even to leave the country. And so she was content to be lifted up--and held. this is serious--no nonsense in it!" '"You did not want to die weeping?" "Like my mother," she added readily. "And it is possible that you--you! do not believe him?" And suddenly I heard her quiet whisper again, "Other men had sworn the same thing." "Her father too." but he is not like that." He has been telling you something?" How am I to know? "He says he had been afraid. And Jim, too--poor devil! He speaks of you too often. "And I don't want him. No one wants him." This world you don't know is too big to miss him. Never. Never! Never! "Why?" she murmured. "Why?" "Because he is not good enough," I said brutally. '"This is the very thing he said. "Hear me out!" "Nobody, nobody is good enough," I began with the greatest earnestness. "What have you done with Marlow?" Jim was asking; and then, "Gone down--has he? Just fancy this! Well--what of that? He tried to explain--as I've told you--his share in the events of the memorable night. He is a big fool, honourable sir." In consideration of a "suitable present" given at once, he would, he declared, be willing to undertake the charge of the girl, "without any other provision--when the time came for the gentleman to go home." He will never go home." this is too much," he shouted. Steal from me! "Like her mother--she is like her deceitful mother. In her face. The devil!" 'Jim, as I've told you, accompanied me on the first stage of my journey back to the world he had renounced, and the way at times seemed to lead through the very heart of untouched wilderness. "This is glorious!" He sat with his head sunk on his breast and said "Yes," without raising his eyes, as if afraid to see writ large on the clear sky of the offing the reproach of his romantic conscience. He flung his arm out towards the sea. "This is my limit, because nothing less will do." Never. I must stick to their belief in me to feel safe and to--to" . He was romantic, but none the less true. '"Never--unless you come out," I answered, avoiding his glance. "Perhaps it's just as well." "Will you be going home again soon?" "Tell them . he began. For me that white figure in the stillness of coast and sea seemed to stand at the heart of a vast enigma. And, suddenly, I lost him. .
Each of them seemed to carry away his own impression, to carry it away with him like a secret; but there was only one man of all these listeners who was ever to hear the last word of the story. It came to him at home, more than two years later, and it came contained in a thick packet addressed in Marlow's upright and angular handwriting. He drew the heavy curtains. No more horizons as boundless as hope, no more twilights within the forests as solemn as temples, in the hot quest for the Ever-undiscovered Country over the hill, across the stream, beyond the wave. A good many pages closely blackened and pinned together; a loose square sheet of greyish paper with a few words traced in a handwriting he had never seen before, and an explanatory letter from Marlow. From this last fell another letter, yellowed by time and frayed on the folds. 'You alone have showed an interest in him that survived the telling of his story, though I remember well you would not admit he had mastered his fate. You said also--I call to mind--that "giving your life up to them" (them meaning all of mankind with skins brown, yellow, or black in colour) "was like selling your soul to a brute." It is headed "The Fort, Patusan." I suppose he had carried out his intention of making out of his house a place of defence. 'I send you also an old letter--a very old letter. It was found carefully preserved in his writing-case. It is from his father, and by the date you can see he must have received it a few days before he joined the Patna. 'The story of the last events you will find in the few pages enclosed here. You must admit that it is romantic beyond the wildest dreams of his boyhood, and yet there is to my mind a sort of profound and terrifying logic in it, as if it were our imagination alone that could set loose upon us the might of an overwhelming destiny. This astounding adventure, of which the most astounding part is that it is true, comes on as an unavoidable consequence. My information was fragmentary, but I've fitted the pieces together, and there is enough of them to make an intelligible picture. It's difficult to believe he will never come. 'It all begins with a remarkable exploit of a man called Brown, who stole with complete success a Spanish schooner out of a small bay near Zamboanga. The story also reveals unsuspected depths of cunning in the wretched Cornelius, whose abject and intense hate acts like a subtle inspiration, pointing out an unerring way towards revenge. "He a man! 'Eight months before this, coming into Samarang, I went as usual to see Stein. "Is Tuan Jim inside?" "No," he mumbled, hanging his head for a moment, and then with sudden earnestness, "He would not fight. "He loved her very much," he said interrogatively, and I only nodded, feeling so bitterly disappointed that I would not trust myself to speak. Talk to her. Tell her to forgive him. 'She recognised me at once, and as soon as I had stopped, looking down at her: "He has left me," she said quietly; "you always leave us--for your own ends." she asked with her lips only. The privileged reader screwed up his lamp, and solitary above the billowy roofs of the town, like a lighthouse-keeper above the sea, he turned to the pages of the story.
And that was all--absolutely all. He was tired of his life, and not afraid of death. But this man, who would stake his existence on a whim with a bitter and jeering recklessness, stood in mortal fear of imprisonment. It is a harrowing and desperate story. They were short of food and water; they boarded several native craft and got a little from each. With a stolen ship Brown did not dare to put into any port, of course. His men believed him too. A shout went up, and was followed by a clash of gongs all up the river. Over the stockade and the Rajah's buildings Brown saw their lights on the water. But round their position everything was still, dark, silent. Jim had been away in the interior for more than a week, and it was Dain Waris who had directed the first repulse. The refugees crowded round her; and through the whole affair, to the very disastrous last, she showed an extraordinary martial ardour. It was to her that Dain Waris had gone at once at the first intelligence of danger, for you must know that Jim was the only one in Patusan who possessed a store of gunpowder. He was, of course, the chief man there. You are safe," yelled Brown, while his men stared. 'Half an hour's confidential talk with Cornelius opened Brown's eyes as to the home affairs of Patusan. 'Kassim disliked Doramin and his Bugis very much, but he hated the new order of things still more. It had occurred to him that these whites, together with the Rajah's followers, could attack and defeat the Bugis before Jim's return. Now in consequence of these overtures from Kassim he began to think of stealing the whole country. In the course of his negotiations with Kassim he became aware that he was supposed to have a big ship with plenty of men outside. They lay down and snored, protected from the burning sunshine; but Brown, sitting fully exposed on one of the felled trees, feasted his eyes upon the view of the town and the river. Jim! Jim! As you may say Lord Jim." "What is he? inquired Brown. "What sort of man is he? Is he an Englishman?" He is a fool. All you have to do is to kill him and then you are king here. 'Brown's object was to gain time by fooling with Kassim's diplomacy. He, Brown, would offer him the power. Of course they would share. They would work like brothers till . till the time came for a quarrel and a shot that would settle all accounts. He moved leisurely. They were two hundred to one, and this gave them something to think over for the night. Two hundred to one . It was already time for men to take sides, it began to be said. A good many of the upper class judged it necessary to go and pay their court to the Rajah. Had his boat been afloat at the time, he believed he would have tried to steal away, taking his chances of a long chase down the river and of starvation at sea. A moment later he was heard clambering into the boat and then clambering out. "Let no one fire," shouted Brown. Then the voice, declaiming in the sonorous inflated tone of a herald, and shifting continually on the edge of the vague waste-land, proclaimed that between the men of the Bugis nation living in Patusan and the white men on the hill and those with them, there would be no faith, no compassion, no speech, no peace. Cornelius translated. take me up!" "He has come," said Cornelius. "What? Listen to the noise." "Look here," said Brown, "how is one to get at him?" "He shall come to talk to you," Cornelius declared. Brown was incredulous. "He is not afraid--not afraid of anything. He will come and order you to leave his people alone. He will come to you straight."
At a mutter from Cornelius, Brown ordered his men to load. "I'll give you a chance to get even with them before we're done, you dismal cripples, you," he said to his gang. Stealthily he landed his men on the other side of the island opposite to the Bugis camp, and led them across. The white men retired as they had come--unseen. It was not a vulgar and treacherous massacre; it was a lesson, a retribution--a demonstration of some obscure and awful attribute of our nature which, I am afraid, is not so very far under the surface as we like to think. But a story is told of a white long-boat picked up a month later in the Indian Ocean by a cargo steamer. The two died on board the steamer which rescued them. Brown lived to be seen by me, and I can testify that he had played his part to the last. Tamb' Itam jumped ashore and ran in headlong. Then he broke out very quickly: "They have killed Dain Waris and many more." 'Then Jim understood. It was not safe for his servant to go out amongst his own people! Later, towards the evening, he came to the door and called for Tamb' Itam. "There is much weeping. Much anger too," said Tamb' Itam. We shall have to fight." What for?" It was in the forehead and small; and there was no word spoken while one of the by-standers, stooping, took off the silver ring from the cold stiff hand. In silence he held it up before Doramin. A murmur of dismay and horror ran through the crowd at the sight of that familiar token. The old nakhoda stared at it, and suddenly let out one great fierce cry, deep from the chest, a roar of pain and fury, as mighty as the bellow of a wounded bull, bringing great fear into men's hearts, by the magnitude of his anger and his sorrow that could be plainly discerned without words. "Will you fight?" "There is nothing to fight for," he said; "nothing is lost." "For the last time," she cried menacingly, "will you defend yourself?" "Nothing can touch me," he said in a last flicker of superb egoism. 'She sobbed on his shoulder. his master called, and Tamb' Itam helped to ease her down. "Tuan! called Tamb' Itam, "look back;" but Jim was already in a canoe, standing up paddle in hand. Tamb' Itam had just time to scramble in after him when the canoe floated clear. "Forgive me," he cried. The courtyard was full of armed Bugis with their followers, and of Patusan people. "He hath taken it upon his own head," a voice said aloud. He heard this and turned to the crowd. "I am come ready and unarmed," he repeated. People remarked that the ring which he had dropped on his lap fell and rolled against the foot of the white man, and that poor Jim glanced down at the talisman that had opened for him the door of fame, love, and success within the wall of forests fringed with white foam, within the coast that under the western sun looks like the very stronghold of the night. They say that the white man sent right and left at all those faces a proud and unflinching glance. 'And that's the end. He passes away under a cloud, inscrutable at heart, forgotten, unforgiven, and excessively romantic. He is gone, inscrutable at heart, and the poor girl is leading a sort of soundless, inert life in Stein's house. Stein has aged greatly of late. He feels it himself, and says often that he is "preparing to leave all this; preparing to leave .
<CHAPTER> BOOK I. These that were the pride and pleasure       Of my youth and high estate     Still remain the only solace       Of the old man's mournful fate. At one moment it exceeded not the common height, at another her forehead seemed to strike the sky; and whenever she raised her head higher, she began to pierce within the very heavens, and to baffle the eyes of them that looked upon her. Her garments were of an imperishable fabric, wrought with the finest threads and of the most delicate workmanship; and these, as her own lips afterwards assured me, she had herself woven with her own hands. On the lower-most edge was inwoven the Greek letter [Greek: P], on the topmost the letter [Greek: Th],[A] and between the two were to be seen steps, like a staircase, from the lower to the upper letter. This robe, moreover, had been torn by the hands of violent persons, who had each snatched away what he could clutch. [B] Her right hand held a note-book; in her left she bore a staff. And when she saw the Muses of Poesie standing by my bedside, dictating the words of my lamentations, she was moved awhile to wrath, and her eyes flashed sternly. But this is one nurtured in the Eleatic and Academic philosophies. 'But the time,' said she, 'calls rather for healing than for lamentation.' Then, with her eyes bent full upon me, 'Art thou that man,' she cries, 'who, erstwhile fed with the milk and reared upon the nourishment which is mine to give, had grown up to the full vigour of a manly spirit? Then, when she saw me not only answering nothing, but mute and utterly incapable of speech, she gently touched my breast with her hand, and said: 'There is no danger; these are the symptoms of lethargy, the usual sickness of deluded minds. For awhile he has forgotten himself; he will easily recover his memory, if only he first recognises me. And that he may do so, let me now wipe his eyes that are clouded with a mist of mortal things.' Thereat, with a fold of her robe, she dried my eyes all swimming with tears. SONG III. And when, one after the other, the Epicurean herd, the Stoic, and the rest, each of them as far as in them lay, went about to seize the heritage he left, and were dragging me off protesting and resisting, as their booty, they tore in pieces the garment which I had woven with my own hands, and, clutching the torn pieces, went off, believing that the whole of me had passed into their possession. And though, maybe, the host of the wicked is many in number, yet is it contemptible, since it is under no leadership, but is hurried hither and thither at the blind driving of mad error. And if at times and seasons they set in array against us, and fall on in overwhelming strength, our leader draws off her forces into the citadel while they are busy plundering the useless baggage. she asks. Why dost thou weep? Is not the cruelty of fortune against me plain enough? Is this the recompense of my obedience? How often have I encountered and balked Conigastus in his assaults on the fortunes of the weak? Yet who was it brought the charges by which I have been struck down? And yet on that same day these very men lodged an information against me, and the information was admitted. Just Heaven! I am accused of hindering an informer from producing evidence to prove the senate guilty of treason. 'What need to speak of the forged letters by which an attempt is made to prove that I hoped for the freedom of Rome? For thou didst daily repeat in my ear and instil into my mind the Pythagorean maxim, "Follow after God." Whereby it comes to pass that reputation is the first of all things to abandon the unfortunate. Thou hast bitterly complained of the injustice of the senate. 'First, then, wilt thou suffer me by a few questions to make some attempt to test the state of thy mind, that I may learn in what way to set about thy cure?' Then said she: 'This world of ours--thinkest thou it is governed haphazard and fortuitously, or believest thou that there is in it any rational guidance?' 'Nay,' said I, 'in no wise may I deem that such fixed motions can be determined by random hazard, but I know that God, the Creator, presideth over His work, nor will the day ever come that shall drive me from holding fast the truth of this belief.' As to the rest, thou wert unshaken in the belief that they were ruled by reason. 'Yes, that I know,' said I, 'and have answered that it is from God.' Philosophy reproves Boethius for the foolishness of his      complaints against Fortune. Her very nature is caprice.--CH. Philosophy in Fortune's name replies to Boethius' reproaches, and      proves that the gifts of Fortune are hers to give and to take      away.--CH. Philosophy reminds him of the brilliancy of his former      fortunes.--CH. Boethius objects that the memory of past      happiness is the bitterest portion of the lot of the unhappy. One service only can Fortune do, when she reveals      her own nature and distinguishes true friends from false.
<CHAPTER> BOOK II. Thereafter for awhile she remained silent; and when she had restored my flagging attention by a moderate pause in her discourse, she thus began: 'If I have thoroughly ascertained the character and causes of thy sickness, thou art pining with regretful longing for thy former fortune. It is the change, as thou deemest, of this fortune that hath so wrought upon thy mind. If thou likest her, take her as she is, and do not complain. The very thing which is now the cause of thy great grief ought to have brought thee tranquillity. Thou hast been forsaken by one of whom no one can be sure that she will not forsake him. Or dost thou indeed set value on a happiness that is certain to depart? FORTUNE'S MALICE. II. I surrounded thee with a royal abundance of all those things that are in my power. I might boldly affirm that if those things the loss of which thou lamentest had been thine, thou couldst never have lost them. What if not even now have I departed wholly from thee? But their charm lasts only while they are sounding in the ear; the sense of his misfortunes lies deeper in the heart of the wretched. If the fruition of any earthly success has weight in the scale of happiness, can the memory of that splendour be swept away by any rising flood of troubles? Now for the first time she has turned a jealous glance upon thee. art thou but now come suddenly and a stranger to the scene of this life? It is true that there is little trust that the gifts of chance will abide; yet the last day of life is in a manner the death of all remaining Fortune. For truly in adverse fortune the worst sting of misery is to _have been_ happy.' So petty are the trifles which rob the most fortunate of perfect happiness! Who is so blest by Fortune as not to wish to change his state, if once he gives rein to a rebellious spirit? With how many bitternesses is the sweetness of human felicity blent! And that thou mayst see that happiness cannot possibly consist in these things which are the sport of chance, reflect that, if happiness is the highest good of a creature living in accordance with reason, and if a thing which can in any wise be reft away is not the highest good, since that which cannot be taken away is better than it, it is plain that Fortune cannot aspire to bestow happiness by reason of its instability. Wherefore, a never-ceasing fear suffers him not to be happy. Or does he count the possibility of this loss a trifling matter? Come, suppose, now, the gifts of Fortune were not fleeting and transitory, what is there in them capable of ever becoming truly thine, or which does not lose value when looked at steadily and fairly weighed in the balance? But that which is transferred to another cannot remain in one's own possession; and if that be so, then money is only precious when it is given away, and, by being transferred to others, ceases to be one's own. Surely, yes; it is a beautiful part of a right beautiful whole. Dost thou venture to boast thyself of the beauty of any one of them? Never will fortune make thine that which the nature of things has excluded from thy ownership. Nature is content with few things, and with a very little of these. 'Or perhaps it is a long train of servants that makes thee happy? From all which 'tis plainly proved that not one of these things which thou reckonest in the number of thy possessions is really thine. While if they are beautiful in their own nature, what is that to thee? His will was that mankind should excel all things on earth. would our hearts might still return       To following in those ancient ways. So it appears that honour cometh not to virtue from rank, but to rank from virtue. Look, too, at the nature of that power which ye find so attractive and glorious! 'Besides, if there were any element of natural and proper good in rank and power, they would never come to the utterly bad, since opposites are not wont to be associated. Indeed, this judgment may with some reason be passed concerning all the gifts of fortune which fall so plentifully to all the most wicked. And yet consider with me how poor and unsubstantial a thing this glory is! Then, each must be content to have the range of his glory limited to his own people; the splendid immortality of fame must be confined within the bounds of a single race. But ye, when ye think on future fame, fancy it an immortality that ye are begetting for yourselves. For truly I believe that Ill Fortune is of more use to men than Good Fortune. The one deceives, the other teaches; the one enchains the minds of those who enjoy her favour by the semblance of delusive good, the other delivers them by the knowledge of the frail nature of happiness. Finally, Good Fortune, by her allurements, draws men far from the true good; Ill Fortune ofttimes draws men back to true good with grappling-irons. TRUE HAPPINESS AND FALSE. I. Boethius beseeches Philosophy to continue. The splendour of noble birth is not a man's own, but his      ancestors'.--CH. Contentment, power, reverence, renown, and joy are essentially      bound up one with the other, and, if they are to be attained at      all, must be attained _together_. Boethius acknowledges that he is      but recollecting truths he once knew. [F]      Boethius professes compunction for his former folly.
<CHAPTER> BOOK III. And then after a little I said: 'Thou sovereign solace of the stricken soul, what refreshment hast thou brought me, no less by the sweetness of thy singing than by the weightiness of thy discourse! Verily, I think not that I shall hereafter be unequal to the blows of Fortune. II. 'Tis clear, then, that happiness is a state perfected by the assembling together of all good things. Others there are, again, who interchange the ends and means one with the other in their aims; for instance, some want riches for the sake of pleasure and power, some covet power either for the sake of money or in order to bring renown to their name. So it is on these ends, then, that the aim of human acts and wishes is centred, and on others like to these--for instance, noble birth and popularity, which seem to compass a certain renown; wife and children, which are sought for the sweetness of their possession; while as for friendship, the most sacred kind indeed is counted in the category of virtue, not of fortune; but other kinds are entered upon for the sake of power or of enjoyment. For strength and stature surely manifest power; beauty and fleetness of foot bring celebrity; health brings pleasure. It is plain, then, that the only object sought for in all these ways is _happiness_. And we have defined the supreme good to be happiness. THE BENT OF NATURE. III. Truly, if either wealth, rank, or any of the rest, bring with them anything of such sort as seems to have nothing wanting to it that is good, we, too, acknowledge that some are made happy by the acquisition of these things. 'But a man lacks that of which he is in want?' 'And he who lacks something is not in all points self-sufficing?' How in the world, then, can want be driven away by riches? No; we cannot deem men worthy of reverence on account of their office, whom we deem unworthy of the office itself. 'There is in Virtue a dignity of her own which she forthwith passes over to those to whom she is united. And since public honours cannot do this, it is clear that they do not possess the true beauty of dignity. How glorious a power, which is not even found effectual for its own preservation! [G] What sort of power, then, is this which cannot drive away the gnawings of anxiety, or shun the stings of terror? Yet each of these was willing to renounce his power. For many have won a great name through the mistaken beliefs of the multitude--and what can be imagined more shameful than that? Wherefore, the fame of another clothes thee not with splendour if thou hast none of thine own. TRUE NOBILITY. 'Then, what shall I say of the pleasures of the body? Art fain to lead a life of pleasure? SONG VIII. HUMAN FOLLY. _That which is simple and indivisible by nature human error separates_, and transforms from the true and perfect to the false and imperfect. 'That is so.' 'Accordingly, the nature of independence and power is one and the same.' He, again, who thirsts alone for power squanders his wealth, despises pleasure, and thinks fame and rank alike worthless without power. 'Well, then, these things seem to give to mortals shadows of the true good, or some kind of imperfect good; but the true and perfect good they cannot bestow.' Beauteous     The world in Thee thus imaged, being Thyself       Most beautiful. But it cannot be denied that such does exist, and is, as it were, the source of all things good. 'Next to consider where the dwelling-place of this happiness may be. The common belief of all mankind agrees that God, the supreme of all things, is good. But we have determined that true happiness is the perfect good; therefore true happiness must dwell in the supreme Deity.' 'But the highest good has been admitted to be happiness.' But we have concluded that both happiness and God are the supreme good; wherefore that which is highest Divinity must also itself necessarily be supreme happiness.' 'No conclusion,' said I, 'could be truer to fact, nor more soundly reasoned out, nor more worthy of God.' 'Yea, the supreme good.' Since, then, all things are sought for the sake of the good, it is not these so much as good itself that is sought by all. 'But we have also proved that God and true happiness are one and the same.' 'They will.' 'All things, then, desire to be one.' 'I agree.' 'The end and aim of the whole universe. 'It would be utterly impotent.' 'Nothing.' God Himself, too, thou didst affirm to be supreme good and all-complete happiness; and from this thou didst go on to add, as by the way, the proof that no one would be happy unless he were likewise God. The music that could calm     All else brought him no balm. </CHAPTER> BOOK IV. II. III. The distinction of Fate and Providence.
<CHAPTER> BOOK IV. But, lo! For if the will be lacking, no attempt at all is made to do what is not willed; whereas if there be no power, the will is all in vain. 'It is.' 'Then, do the good attain their object?' 'It seems so.' 'No.' 'Then, since both seek good, but while the one sort attain it, the other attain it not, is there any doubt that the good are endued with power, while they who are bad are weak?' Herein also the strength of the good conspicuously appears. If it be so, they are still frail by reason of their incontinence, for they cannot fight against vice. For they who forsake the common end of all things that are, they likewise also cease to be at all. But the fact is so. For if, as we concluded just now, evil is nothing, 'tis clear that the wicked can effect nothing, since they are only able to do evil.' And yet all power is desirable; it is clear, then, that ability to do evil is not power. And what a prize, the fairest and grandest of all! Wherefore, by their perversion to badness, they have lost their true human nature. 'What is that?' 'The wicked are happier in undergoing punishment than if no penalty of justice chasten them. Then said she: 'Have we not agreed that the good are happy, and the evil wretched?' 'Surely, then, the wicked, when they are punished, have a good thing added to them--to wit, the punishment which by the law of justice is good; and likewise, when they escape punishment, a new evil attaches to them in that very freedom from punishment which thou hast rightly acknowledged to be an evil in the case of the unrighteous.' 'This, too, no one can possibly deny--that all which is just is good, and, conversely, all which is unjust is bad.' V.   On this I said: 'I see how there is a happiness and misery founded on the actual deserts of the righteous and the wicked. How heavy is the weight of all this thou canst judge for thyself. Providence is the Divine reason itself, seated in the Supreme Being, which disposes all things; fate is the disposition inherent in all things which move, through which providence joins all things in their proper order. 'So the unfolding of this temporal order unified into the foreview of the Divine mind is providence, while the same unity broken up and unfolded in time is fate. Accordingly, the world is ruled for the best if this unity abiding in the Divine mind puts forth an inflexible order of causes. Now, the health of the soul is nothing but righteousness, and vice is its sickness. He will, then, reform his ways, and through the fear of losing his fortune he forsakes his iniquity. 'Dost thou, then, see the consequence of all that we have said?' 'And how can that be?' 'Of course.' 'How so?' 'Why, it results from our admissions that of all who have attained, or are advancing in, or are aiming at virtue, the fortune is in every case good, while for those who remain in their wickedness fortune is always utterly bad.' Whatever falls short of this, or goes beyond, is fraught with scorn of happiness, and misses the reward of toil. God is eternal. Accordingly, His      knowledge surveys past and future in the timelessness of an eternal      present. But this kind of necessity      affects not the nature of things.
Now, if a thing arise without causes, it will appear to have arisen from nothing. 'How, pray?' CHANCE. 'There is freedom,' said she; 'nor, indeed, can any creature be rational, unless he be endowed with free will. Human souls must needs be comparatively free while they abide in the contemplation of the Divine mind, less free when they pass into bodily form, and still less, again, when they are enwrapped in earthly members. THE TRUE SUN. All that is, hath been, shall be,     In one glance's compass, He       Limitless descries;       And, save His, no eyes     All the world survey--no, none! 'And what is that?' 'It seems,' said I, 'too much of a paradox and a contradiction that God should know all things, and yet there should be free will. For if the issues can be turned aside to some other end than that foreseen by providence, there will not then be any sure foreknowledge of the future, but uncertain conjecture instead, and to think this of God I deem impiety. But we need not be at the pains of demonstrating that, whatsoever be the order of the causal sequence, the occurrence of things foreseen is necessary, even though the foreknowledge of future events does not in itself impose upon them the necessity of their occurrence. We can obviously reason similarly in the case of providence and the future. In what way, then, are we to suppose that God foreknows these uncertainties as about to come to pass? Gone, then, is the one means of intercourse between God and man--the communion of hope and prayer--if it be true that we ever earn the inestimable recompense of the Divine favour at the price of a due humility; for this is the one way whereby men seem able to hold communion with God, and are joined to that unapproachable light by the very act of supplication, even before they obtain their petitions. FOOTNOTES:  [P] _I.e._, the necessity of the truth of the statement from the fact. Knows he already what he seeks? How find? Or is it that man's inmost soul     Once knew each part and knew the whole? For to think of things otherwise than as they are, thou believest to be incompatible with the soundness of knowledge. An example will make this clear: the roundness of a body is recognised in one way by sight, in another by touch. 'God is eternal; in this judgment all rational beings agree. Wherefore they deem not rightly who imagine that on Plato's principles the created world is made co-eternal with the Creator, because they are told that he believed the world to have had no beginning in time,[S] and to be destined never to come to an end. So, if we are minded to give things their right names, we shall follow Plato in saying that God indeed is eternal, but the world everlasting. For my answer would be that the same future event is necessary from the standpoint of Divine knowledge, but when considered in its own nature it seems absolutely free and unfettered. Now, God views as present those coming events which happen of free will.
SONG I. BOETHIUS' COMPLAINT. These alone in danger's hour       Faithful found, have dared attend     On the footsteps of the exile       To his lonely journey's end. Old? Friends, why did ye once so lightly       Vaunt me happy among men? This robe, moreover, had been torn by the hands of violent persons, who had each snatched away what he could clutch. [B] Her right hand held a note-book; in her left she bore a staff. And when she saw the Muses of Poesie standing by my bedside, dictating the words of my lamentations, she was moved awhile to wrath, and her eyes flashed sternly. But this is one nurtured in the Eleatic and Academic philosophies. But I, because my sight was dimmed with much weeping, and I could not tell who was this woman of authority so commanding--I was dumfoundered, and, with my gaze fastened on the earth, continued silently to await what she might do next. [B] The Stoic, Epicurean, and other philosophical sects, which Boethius regards as heterodox. HIS DESPONDENCY. For awhile he has forgotten himself; he will easily recover his memory, if only he first recognises me. And that he may do so, let me now wipe his eyes that are clouded with a mist of mortal things.' she asks. '"Speak out, hide it not in thy heart." What would exceed the rigour of this severity? But he who has ceased to wish to dwell therein, he likewise ceases to deserve to do so. Her very nature is caprice.--CH. Philosophy reminds him of the brilliancy of his former      fortunes.--CH.
I. Thou deemest Fortune to have changed towards thee; thou mistakest. Such was she when she loaded thee with caresses, when she deluded thee with the allurements of a false happiness. If thou likest her, take her as she is, and do not complain. FORTUNE'S MALICE. Art thou, then, minded to cast up a reckoning with Fortune? ALL PASSES. Who is so blest by Fortune as not to wish to change his state, if once he gives rein to a rebellious spirit? Error and ignorance bewilder you. If he knows not, how poor is a happiness which depends on the blindness of ignorance! What! For truly I believe that Ill Fortune is of more use to men than Good Fortune. TRUE HAPPINESS AND FALSE. [F]      Boethius professes compunction for his former folly. But the      paradox of evil is introduced, and he is once more perplexed.
Verily, I think not that I shall hereafter be unequal to the blows of Fortune. 'But first I will try to sketch in words, and describe a cause which is more familiar to thee, that, when thou hast viewed this carefully, thou mayst turn thy eyes the other way, and recognise the beauty of true happiness.' For a little space she remained in a fixed gaze, withdrawn, as it were, into the august chamber of her mind; then she thus began:  'All mortal creatures in those anxious aims which find employment in so many varied pursuits, though they take many paths, yet strive to reach one goal--the goal of happiness. Now, _the good_ is that which, when a man hath got, he can lack nothing further. 'Tis clear, then, that happiness is a state perfected by the assembling together of all good things. A great many measure the attainment of good by joy and gladness of heart; these think it the height of happiness to give themselves over to pleasure. Others there are, again, who interchange the ends and means one with the other in their aims; for instance, some want riches for the sake of pleasure and power, some covet power either for the sake of money or in order to bring renown to their name. SONG II. 'He does.' Cannot they thirst? 'No; certainly not.' But does their repute last for ever, even in the land of their origin? SONG IV. Nay; him whom good fortune has made a friend, ill fortune will make an enemy. SONG VIII. But we have determined that true happiness is the perfect good; therefore true happiness must dwell in the supreme Deity.' Since, then, all things are sought for the sake of the good, it is not these so much as good itself that is sought by all. 'It is.' And do not also the things believed inanimate on like grounds of reason seek each what is proper to itself? A higher law is love!
<CHAPTER> BOOK IV. But a yet greater marvel follows: While wickedness reigns and flourishes, virtue not only lacks its reward, but is even thrust down and trampled under the feet of the wicked, and suffers punishment in the place of crime. II. 'Learn, then, first,' said she, 'how that power ever waits upon the good, while the bad are left wholly destitute of strength. [K] Of these truths the one proves the other; for since good and evil are contraries, if it is made plain that good is power, the feebleness of evil is clearly seen, and, conversely, if the frail nature of evil is made manifest, the strength of good is thereby known. 'Then, all men, good and bad alike, with one indistinguishable purpose strive to reach good?' 'But it is certain that by the attainment of good men become good?' 'It is.' 'But if the bad were to attain the good which is _their_ object, they could not be bad?' 'No.' 'Now, the supreme good is set up as the end alike for the bad and for the good; but the good seek it through the natural action of the virtues, whereas the bad try to attain this same good through all manner of concupiscence, which is not the natural way of attaining good. Or do they knowingly and wilfully forsake the good and turn aside to vice? Why, at this rate, they not only cease to have power, but cease to be at all. From all which considerations appeareth the power of the good, and the indubitable weakness of the bad, and it is clear that Plato's judgment was true; the wise alone are able to do what they would, while the wicked follow their own hearts' lust, but can _not_ accomplish what they would. Then said she: 'Have we not agreed that the good are happy, and the evil wretched?' said I. said she. 'I cannot deny it.' 'How so?' THE HERO'S PATH.
I want to know whether thou deemest that there is any such thing as chance at all, and, if so, what it is.' She made answer: 'I will accede to thy request;' and forthwith she thus began: 'If chance be defined as a result produced by random movement without any link of causal connection, I roundly affirm that there is no such thing as chance at all, and consider the word to be altogether without meaning, except as a symbol of the thing designated. But if this cannot be, neither is it possible for there to be chance in accordance with the definition just given.' 'How, pray?' Now, such a find is regarded as accidental; yet it is not "ex nihilo," for it has its proper causes, the unforeseen and unexpected concurrence of which has brought the chance about. We may, then, define chance as being an unexpected result flowing from a concurrence of causes where the several factors had some definite end. II. 'There is freedom,' said she; 'nor, indeed, can any creature be rational, unless he be endowed with free will. Human souls must needs be comparatively free while they abide in the contemplation of the Divine mind, less free when they pass into bodily form, and still less, again, when they are enwrapped in earthly members. 'And what is that?' How find? Our hopes and prayers also are not fixed on God in vain, and when they are rightly directed cannot fail of effect.
PART THE FIRST. It is an ancient Mariner,      And he stoppeth one of three. "By thy long grey beard and glittering eye,      Now wherefore stopp'st thou me? The Sun came up upon the left,      Out of the sea came he! And he shone bright, and on the right      Went down into the sea. And now there came both mist and snow,      And it grew wondrous cold:      And ice, mast-high, came floating by,      As green as emerald. And a good south wind sprung up behind;      The Albatross did follow,      And every day, for food or play,      Came to the mariners' hollo! "God save thee, ancient Mariner! From the fiends, that plague thee thus!--      Why look'st thou so?" --With my cross-bow      I shot the ALBATROSS.
Ah wretch! said they, the bird to slay      That made the breeze to blow! Nor dim nor red, like God's own head,      The glorious Sun uprist:      Then all averred, I had killed the bird      That brought the fog and mist. 'Twas right, said they, such birds to slay,      That bring the fog and mist. Day after day, day after day,      We stuck, nor breath nor motion;      As idle as a painted ship      Upon a painted ocean. Water, water, every where,      And all the boards did shrink;      Water, water, every where,      Nor any drop to drink.
a weary time! And still it neared and neared:      As if it dodged a water-sprite,      It plunged and tacked and veered. I bit my arm, I sucked the blood,      And cried, A sail! a sail! As if through a dungeon-grate he peered,      With broad and burning face. Is that a DEATH? and are there two? Her lips were red, her looks were free,      Her locks were yellow as gold:      Her skin was as white as leprosy,      The Night-Mare LIFE-IN-DEATH was she,      Who thicks man's blood with cold. Off shot the spectre-bark. The stars were dim, and thick the night,      The steersman's face by his lamp gleamed white;      From the sails the dew did drip--      Till clombe above the eastern bar      The horned Moon, with one bright star      Within the nether tip. And every soul, it passed me by,      Like the whizz of my CROSS-BOW!
PART THE FOURTH. "I fear thee, ancient Mariner! I closed my lids, and kept them close,      And the balls like pulses beat;      For the sky and the sea, and the sea and the sky      Lay like a load on my weary eye,      And the dead were at my feet. more horrible than that      Is a curse in a dead man's eye! Seven days, seven nights, I saw that curse,      And yet I could not die. Beyond the shadow of the ship,      I watched the water-snakes:      They moved in tracks of shining white,      And when they reared, the elfish light      Fell off in hoary flakes. The self same moment I could pray;      And from my neck so free      The Albatross fell off, and sank      Like lead into the sea.
PART THE FIFTH. Oh sleep! The silly buckets on the deck,      That had so long remained,      I dreamt that they were filled with dew;      And when I awoke, it rained. And the coming wind did roar more loud,      And the sails did sigh like sedge;      And the rain poured down from one black cloud;      The Moon was at its edge. The loud wind never reached the ship,      Yet now the ship moved on! Beneath the lightning and the Moon      The dead men gave a groan. "I fear thee, ancient Mariner!" Under the keel nine fathom deep,      From the land of mist and snow,      The spirit slid: and it was he      That made the ship to go. The sails at noon left off their tune,      And the ship stood still also. "Is it he?" "The spirit who bideth by himself      In the land of mist and snow,      He loved the bird that loved the man      Who shot him with his bow." The other was a softer voice,      As soft as honey-dew:      Quoth he, "The man hath penance done,      And penance more will do."
PART THE SIXTH. FIRST VOICE. speak again,      Thy soft response renewing--      What makes that ship drive on so fast? What is the OCEAN doing? SECOND VOICE. FIRST VOICE. SECOND VOICE. The air is cut away before,      And closes from behind. I woke, and we were sailing on      As in a gentle weather:      'Twas night, calm night, the Moon was high;      The dead men stood together. is this indeed      The light-house top I see? And on the bay the moonlight lay,      And the shadow of the moon. A little distance from the prow      Those crimson shadows were:      I turned my eyes upon the deck--      Oh, Christ! The Pilot, and the Pilot's boy,      I heard them coming fast:      Dear Lord in Heaven! it was a joy      The dead men could not blast. I saw a third--I heard his voice:      It is the Hermit good! He'll shrieve my soul, he'll wash away      The Albatross's blood.
He loves to talk with marineres      That come from a far countree. Said the Hermit cheerily. The boat came closer to the ship,      But I nor spake nor stirred;      The boat came close beneath the ship,      And straight a sound was heard. Under the water it rumbled on,      Still louder and more dread:      It reached the ship, it split the bay;      The ship went down like lead. Upon the whirl, where sank the ship,      The boat spun round and round;      And all was still, save that the hill      Was telling of the sound. The Hermit stepped forth from the boat,      And scarcely he could stand. The Hermit crossed his brow. I pass, like night, from land to land;      I have strange power of speech;      That moment that his face I see,      I know the man that must hear me:      To him my tale I teach. He prayeth well, who loveth well      Both man and bird and beast. He went like one that hath been stunned,      And is of sense forlorn:      A sadder and a wiser man,      He rose the morrow morn.
An Apartment in the DUKE'S Palace. DUKE. O spirit of love, how quick and fresh art thou! DUKE. CURIO. The hart. DUKE. what news from her? VALENTINE. O, she that hath a heart of that fine frame To pay this debt of love but to a brother, How will she love when the rich golden shaft Hath kill'd the flock of all affections else That live in her; when liver, brain, and heart, These sovereign thrones, are all supplied and fill'd,-- Her sweet perfections,--with one self king!-- Away before me to sweet beds of flowers: Love-thoughts lie rich when canopied with bowers.
VIOLA. CAPTAIN. VIOLA. True, madam; and, to comfort you with chance, Assure yourself, after our ship did split, When you, and those poor number sav'd with you, Hung on our driving boat, I saw your brother, Most provident in peril, bind himself,--- Courage and hope both teaching him the practice,-- To a strong mast that liv'd upon the sea; Where, like Arion on the dolphin's back, I saw him hold acquaintance with the waves So long as I could see. VIOLA. A virtuous maid, the daughter of a count That died some twelvemonth since; then leaving her In the protection of his son, her brother, Who shortly also died; for whose dear love, They say, she hath abjured the company And sight of men. CAPTAIN. CAPTAIN.
[Enter SIR TOBY BELCH and MARIA.] SIR TOBY. SIR TOBY. Who? Sir Andrew Ague-cheek? SIR TOBY. MARIA. he plays o' the viol-de-gambo, and speaks three or four languages word for word without book, and hath all the good gifts of nature. He hath indeed,--almost natural: for, besides that he's a fool, he's a great quarreller; and, but that he hath the gift of a coward to allay the gust he hath in quarrelling, 'tis thought among the prudent he would quickly have the gift of a grave. He's a coward and a coystril that will not drink to my niece till his brains turn o' the toe like a parish-top. [Enter SIR ANDREW AGUE-CHEEK.] how now, Sir Toby Belch! MARIA. Is that the meaning of accost? SIR ANDREW. MARIA. SIR TOBY. But it becomes me well enough, does't not? I'll stay a month longer. why dost thou not go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto?
A Room in the DUKE'S Palace. VALENTINE. If the duke continue these favours towards you, Cesario, you are like to be much advanced; he hath known you but three days, and already you are no stranger. Sure, my noble lord, If she be so abandon'd to her sorrow As it is spoke, she never will admit me. DUKE. VIOLA. What then? DUKE.
MARIA. CLOWN. Yet you will be hanged for being so long absent: or to be turned away; is not that as good as a hanging to you? [Enter OLIVIA and MALVOLIO.] For what says Quinapalus? OLIVIA. OLIVIA. CLOWN. OLIVIA. How say you to that, Malvolio? I marvel your ladyship takes delight in such a barren rascal; I saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that has no more brain than a stone. OLIVIA. MARIA. Madam, there is at the gate a young gentleman much desires to speak with you. OLIVIA. OLIVIA. [Exit MARIA]  Go you, Malvolio: if it be a suit from the count, I am sick, or not at home; what you will to dismiss it. [Enter SIR TOBY BELCH.] By mine honour, half drunk!--What is he at the gate, cousin? A gentleman. There's one at the gate. What's a drunken man like, fool? OLIVIA. Go thou and seek the coroner, and let him sit o' my coz; for he's in the third degree of drink; he's drowned: go, look after him. MALVOLIO. Tell him, he shall not speak with me. MALVOLIO. Of what personage and years is he? Not yet old enough for a man, nor young enough for a boy; as a squash is before 'tis a peascod, or a codling, when 'tis almost an apple: 'tis with him e'en standing water, between boy and man. He is very well-favoured, and he speaks very shrewishly; one would think his mother's milk were scarce out of him. OLIVIA. MALVOLIO. OLIVIA. Speak to me; I shall answer for her. OLIVIA. OLIVIA. what would you? OLIVIA. Have you no more to say? OLIVIA. OLIVIA. OLIVIA. What is your parentage? OLIVIA. OLIVIA.
[Enter ANTONIO and SEBASTIAN.] SEBASTIAN. SEBASTIAN. You must know of me then, Antonio, my name is Sebastian, which I called Rodorigo; my father was that Sebastian of Messaline whom I know you have heard of: he left behind him myself and a sister, both born in an hour; if the heavens had been pleased, would we had so ended! but you, sir, altered that; for some hours before you took me from the breach of the sea was my sister drowned. ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO.
A street. MALVOLIO. VIOLA. MALVOLIO. She adds moreover, that you should put your lord into a desperate assurance she will none of him: and one thing more: that you be never so hardy to come again in his affairs, unless it be to report your lord's taking of this. VIOLA. She took the ring of me: I'll none of it. MALVOLIO. I left no ring with her; what means this lady? What thriftless sighs shall poor Olivia breathe!
[Enter SIR TOBY BELCH and SIR ANDREW AGUE-CHEEK.] To be up after midnight, and to go to bed then is early: so that to go to bed after midnight is to go to bed betimes. SIR TOBY. I had rather than forty shillings I had such a leg; and so sweet a breath to sing, as the fool has. SIR TOBY. To hear by the nose, it is dulcet in contagion. am I not of her blood? SIR TOBY. [Enter MALVOLIO]  MALVOLIO. SIR TOBY. MARIA. Go shake your ears. O, if I thought that, I'd beat him like a dog. What, for being a Puritan? The devil a Puritan that he is, or anything constantly but a time-pleaser: an affectioned ass that cons state without book and utters it by great swarths; the best persuaded of himself, so crammed, as he thinks, with excellences, that it is his grounds of faith that all that look on him love him; and on that vice in him will my revenge find notable cause to work. SIR TOBY. He shall think, by the letters that thou wilt drop, that they come from my niece, and that she is in love with him. MARIA. I know my physic will work with him. Good night, Penthesilea. Come, come; I'll go burn some sack; 'tis too late to go to bed now: come, knight; come, knight.
DUKE. He is not here, so please your lordship, that should sing it. CURIO. Feste, the jester, my lord; a fool that the Lady Olivia's father took much delight in: he is about the house. It gives a very echo to the seat Where Love is throned. VIOLA. VIOLA. DUKE. Let still the woman take An elder than herself; so wears she to him, So sways she level in her husband's heart. O, fellow, come, the song we had last night:-- Mark it, Cesario; it is old and plain: The spinsters and the knitters in the sun, And the free maids, that weave their thread with bones, Do use to chant it: it is silly sooth, And dallies with the innocence of love Like the old age. DUKE. DUKE. Say that some lady, as perhaps there is, Hath for your love as great a pang of heart As you have for Olivia: you cannot love her; You tell her so. What dost thou know?
SCENE V.  OLIVIA'S garden. [Enter SIR TOBY BELCH, SIR ANDREW AGUE-CHEEK, and FABIAN.] I would exult, man; you know he brought me out o' favour with my lady about a bear-baiting here. [Enter MARIA.] MARIA. Get ye all three into the box-tree: Malvolio's coming down this walk; he has been yonder i' the sun practising behaviour to his own shadow this half hour: observe him, for the love of mockery; for I know this letter will make a contemplative idiot of him. Close, in the name of jesting! To be Count Malvolio;--  SIR TOBY. FABIAN. SIR TOBY. Bolts and shackles! Toby approaches; court'sies there to me:  SIR TOBY. And does not Toby take you a blow o' the lips then? MALVOLIO. MALVOLIO. SIR TOBY. MALVOLIO. [Taking up the letter.] And the spirit of humours intimate reading aloud to him! MALVOLIO. Why that? MALVOLIO. The cur is excellent at faults. MALVOLIO. If you will then see the fruits of the sport, mark his first approach before my lady: he will come to her in yellow stockings, and 'tis a colour she abhors, and cross-gartered, a fashion she detests; and he will smile upon her, which will now be so unsuitable to her disposition, being addicted to a melancholy as she is, that it cannot but turn him into a notable contempt; if you will see it, follow me.
SCENE I.  OLIVIA'S garden. Nay, that's certain; they that dally nicely with words may quickly make them wanton. Troth, sir, I can yield you none without words; and words are grown so false I am loath to prove reason with them. Art not thou the Lady Olivia's fool? Would not a pair of these have bred, sir? This fellow's wise enough to play the fool; And, to do that well, craves a kind of wit: He must observe their mood on whom he jests, The quality of persons, and the time; And, like the haggard, check at every feather That comes before his eye. [Enter SIR TOBY BELCH and SIR ANDREW AGUE-CHEEK.] OLIVIA. Let the garden door be shut, and leave me to my hearing. OLIVIA. What is your name? OLIVIA. OLIVIA. That's a degree to love. The clock upbraids me with the waste of time.-- Be not afraid, good youth, I will not have you: And yet, when wit and youth is come to harvest, Your wife is like to reap a proper man. Then think you right; I am not what I am. OLIVIA. OLIVIA.
[Enter SIR TOBY BELCH, SIR ANDREW AGUE-CHEEK, and FABIAN.] SIR ANDREW. SIR TOBY. FABIAN. FABIAN. Will either of you bear me a challenge to him? Go. FABIAN. This is a dear manakin to you, Sir Toby. SIR TOBY. We shall have a rare letter from him: but you'll not deliver it. For Andrew, if he were opened and you find so much blood in his liver as will clog the foot of a flea, I'll eat the rest of the anatomy. FABIAN. SIR TOBY. He's in yellow stockings. MARIA. He does obey every point of the letter that I dropped to betray him.
A street. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. What's to do? ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. The offence is not of such a bloody nature; Albeit the quality of the time and quarrel Might well have given us bloody argument. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. ANTONIO. SEBASTIAN. I'll be your purse-bearer, and leave you for an hour. ANTONIO. To the Elephant.--  SEBASTIAN.
OLIVIA'S garden. OLIVIA. MARIA. OLIVIA. OLIVIA. what is the matter with thee? MALVOLIO. MALVOLIO. This concurs directly with the letter: she sends him on purpose, that I may appear stubborn to him; for she incites me to that in the letter. Well, Jove, not I, is the doer of this, and he is to be thanked. SIR TOBY. let me alone with him. SIR TOBY. Get him to say his prayers; good Sir Toby, get him to pray. Come, we'll have him in a dark room and bound. SIR ANDREW. [Reads.] FABIAN. Good and valiant. Very brief, and to exceeding good senseless. SIR TOBY. FABIAN. Go, Sir Andrew; scout me for him at the corner of the orchard, like a bum-bailiff; so soon as ever thou seest him, draw; and as thou drawest, swear horrible; for it comes to pass oft that a terrible oath, with a swaggering accent sharply twanged off, gives manhood more approbation than ever proof itself would have earned him. Now will not I deliver his letter; for the behaviour of the young gentleman gives him out to be of good capacity and breeding; his employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less; therefore this letter, being so excellently ignorant, will breed no terror in the youth: he will find it comes from a clodpole. I have said too much unto a heart of stone, And laid mine honour too unchary on it: There's something in me that reproves my fault; But such a headstrong potent fault it is That it but mocks reproof. VIOLA. [Re-enter SIR TOBY BELCH and SIR FABIAN.] SIR TOBY. SIR TOBY. Nothing of that wonderful promise, to read him by his form, as you are like to find him in the proof of his valour. VIOLA. They say he has been fencer to the Sophy. I'll make the motion. I have his horse [To FABIAN.] to take up the quarrel; I have persuaded him the youth's a devil. FABIAN. A little thing would make me tell them how much I lack of a man. FABIAN. [Enter ANTONIO.] VIOLA. ANTONIO. [Enter two Officers.] Antonio, I arrest thee at the suit Of Count Orsino. ANTONIO. What money, sir? ANTONIO. What's that to us? The time goes by; away. ANTONIO. 'Slid, I'll after him again and beat him.
The Street before OLIVIA'S House. [Enter SEBASTIAN and CLOWN.] he has heard that word of some great man, and now applies it to a fool. SEBASTIAN. By my troth, thou hast an open hand:--These wise men that give fools money get themselves a good report after fourteen years' purchase. [Enter SIR ANDREW, SIR TOBY, and FABIAN.] SEBASTIAN. SEBASTIAN. SIR TOBY. OLIVIA. OLIVIA. Out of my sight! SEBASTIAN. What relish is in this? SEBASTIAN. OLIVIA.
A Room in OLIVIA'S House. MARIA. I am not tall enough to become the function well: nor lean enough to be thought a good student: but to be said, an honest man and a good housekeeper, goes as fairly as to say, a careful man and a great scholar. To him, Sir Topas. Sir Topas the curate, who comes to visit Malvolio the lunatic. Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady. MALVOLIO. As hell, Sir Topas. MALVOLIO. What is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning wild-fowl? MALVOLIO. MALVOLIO. Sir Topas, Sir Topas! [Exeunt SIR TOBY and MARIA.] MALVOLIO. Sir Topas,--  CLOWN. MALVOLIO. MALVOLIO. Good fool, help me to some light and some paper; I tell thee I am as well in my wits as any man in Illyria. MALVOLIO. I will fetch you light, and paper, and ink.
OLIVIA'S Garden. SEBASTIAN. I could not find him at the Elephant; Yet there he was; and there I found this credit, That he did range the town to seek me out. [Enter OLIVIA and a Priest.] I'll follow this good man, and go with you; And, having sworn truth, ever will be true. OLIVIA.
The Street before OLIVIA's House. DUKE. Truly, sir, the better for my foes and the worse for my friends. Just the contrary; the better for thy friends. How can that be? Orsino, this is that Antonio That took the Phoenix and her fraught from Candy: And this is he that did the Tiger board When your young nephew Titus lost his leg: Here in the streets, desperate of shame and state, In private brabble did we apprehend him. A witchcraft drew me hither: That most ingrateful boy there, by your side From the rude sea's enraged and foamy mouth Did I redeem; a wreck past hope he was: His life I gave him, and did thereto add My love, without retention or restraint, All his in dedication: for his sake, Did I expose myself, pure for his love, Into the danger of this adverse town; Drew to defend him when he was beset: Where being apprehended, his false cunning,-- Not meaning to partake with me in danger,-- Taught him to face me out of his acquaintance, And grew a twenty-years-removed thing While one would wink; denied me mine own purse, Which I had recommended to his use Not half an hour before. When came he to this town? OLIVIA. SIR ANDREW. how is't with you? Then he's a rogue. Get him to bed, and let his hurt be looked to. [Exeunt CLOWN, SIR TOBY, and SIR ANDREW.] One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons; A natural perspective, that is, and is not. Antonio, O my dear Antonio! Sebastian are you? OLIVIA. I never had a brother: Nor can there be that deity in my nature Of here and everywhere. I had a sister Whom the blind waves and surges have devoured:-- [To Viola.] VIOLA. Were you a woman, as the rest goes even, I should my tears let fall upon your cheek, And say--Thrice welcome, drowned Viola! And so had mine. [To OLIVIA] So comes it, lady, you have been mistook: But nature to her bias drew in that. You would have been contracted to a maid; Nor are you therein, by my life, deceived; You are betroth'd both to a maid and man. DUKE. Give me thy hand; And let me see thee in thy woman's weeds. No, madam, I do but read madness: an your ladyship will have it as it ought to be, you must allow vox. how have they baffled thee! When that I was and a little tiny boy,      With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,    A foolish thing was but a toy,      For the rain it raineth every day. A great while ago the world begun,      With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,    But that's all one, our play is done,      And we'll strive to please you every day.
I shall not mention the name of the town, because there are people still living there who could be connected with this narrative. I remember that his shoes or boots were always shiny, and that he wore a gold chain and a great gold watch with which he was always willing to let me play. I sat up and blinked at the bright lights. In these songs she was freer, because she played them by ear. The memory of that picture has more than once kept me from straying too far from the place of purity and safety in which her arms held me. I do not doubt that this feeling was strengthened by the fact that I had been quick enough to see that a big, strong boy was a friend to be desired at a public school; and, perhaps, in spite of his dullness, "Red Head" had been able to discern that I could be of service to him. The hands went down and the class became quiet. "Red Head" felt that he was lost. Afterwards, through all our school days, "Red Head" shared my wit and quickness and I benefited by his strength and dogged faithfulness. There were some black and brown boys and girls in the school, and several of them were in my class. These terms were finally merged into "Shiny," and to that name he answered good-naturedly during the balance of his public school days. The other black boys and girls were still more looked down upon. On one such afternoon one of the black boys turned suddenly on his tormentors and hurled a slate; it struck one of the white boys in the mouth, cutting a slight gash in his lip. I was very much wrought up over the affair, and went home and told my mother how one of the "niggers" had struck a boy with a slate. My ability to play on the piano at school exercises was looked upon as little short of marvelous in a boy of my age. I was not chummy with many of my mates, but, on the whole, was about as popular as it is good for a boy to be. When I came out and reached the head of the stairs, I heard the lady who had been with my mother going out. I ran downstairs and rushed to where my mother was sitting, with a piece of work in her hands. I could not see her face, but I knew the piece of work dropped to the floor and I felt her hands on my head. I looked up into her face and repeated: "Tell me, mother, am I a nigger?" Where is he?" Perhaps it had to be done, but I have never forgiven the woman who did it so cruelly. In the life of everyone there is a limited number of unhappy experiences which are not written upon the memory, but stamped there with a die; and in long years after, they can be called up in detail, and every emotion that was stirred by them can be lived through anew; these are the tragedies of life. And this is the dwarfing, warping, distorting influence which operates upon each and every colored man in the United States. He is forced to take his outlook on all things, not from the viewpoint of a citizen, or a man, or even a human being, but from the viewpoint of a _colored_ man. And it is this, too, which makes the colored people of this country, in reality, a mystery to the whites. It is a difficult thing for a white man to learn what a colored man really thinks; because, generally, with the latter an additional and different light must be brought to bear on what he thinks; and his thoughts are often influenced by considerations so delicate and subtle that it would be impossible for him to confess or explain them to one of the opposite race. I believe it to be a fact that the colored people of this country know and understand the white people better than the white people know and understand them. "Red" was the only one who did not so wound me; up to this day I recall with a swelling heart his clumsy efforts to make me understand that nothing could change his love for me. I am sure that at this time the majority of my white schoolmates did not understand or appreciate any differences between me and themselves; but there were a few who had evidently received instructions at home on the matter, and more than once they displayed their knowledge in word and action. As the years passed, I noticed that the most innocent and ignorant among the others grew in wisdom. But she was far from being an ignorant woman and had herself, very likely, read the majority of these books, though I do not remember ever seeing her with a book in her hand, with the exception of the Episcopal Prayer book. I began now to take lessons of the organist of the church which I attended with my mother; he was a good teacher and quite a thorough musician. I had been promoted twice, and had managed each time to pull "Red" along with me. One afternoon after school, during my third term, I rushed home in a great hurry to get my dinner and go to my music teacher's. She was my first love, and I loved her as only a boy loves. I stopped and looked at him with the same feelings with which I had looked at the derby hat, except that they were greatly magnified. My mother broke the spell by calling me by name and saying: "This is your father." "Father, father," that was the word which had been to me a source of doubt and perplexity ever since the interview with my mother on the subject. He took my hand into one of his, and, with the other, stroked my head, saying that I had grown into a fine youngster. I showed my gratitude by playing for him a Chopin waltz with all the feeling that was in me. The thought did not cross my mind that he was different from me, and even if it had, the mystery would not thereby have been explained; for, notwithstanding my changed relations with most of my schoolmates, I had only a faint knowledge of prejudice and no idea at all how it ramified and affected our entire social organism. A great deal has been said about the heart of a girl when she' stands "where the brook and river meet," but what she feels is negative; more interesting is the heart of a boy when just at the budding dawn of manhood he stands looking wide-eyed into the long vistas opening before him; when he first becomes conscious of the awakening and quickening of strange desires and unknown powers; when what he sees and feels is still shadowy and mystical enough to be intangible, and, so, more beautiful; when his imagination is unsullied, and his faith new and whole--then it is that love wears a halo. The man who has not loved before he was fourteen has missed a foretaste of Elysium.
One day a couple of weeks after my father had been to see us, a wagon drove up to our cottage loaded with a big box. It is a marvel how children ever learn any history out of books of that sort. But there was no shock; I took the whole revelation in a kind of stoical way. My father was about to be married to a young lady of another great Southern family; She did not neglect to add that another reason for our being in Connecticut was that he intended to give me an education and make a man of me. All of these newly awakened ideas and thoughts took the form of a definite aspiration on the day I graduated from the grammar school. But the real enthusiasm was aroused by "Shiny." He was the principal speaker of the day, and well did he measure up to the honor. But the effect upon me of "Shiny's" speech was double; I not only shared the enthusiasm of his audience, but he imparted to me some of his own enthusiasm. I felt leap within me pride that I was colored; and I began to form wild dreams of bringing glory and honor to the Negro race. I entered the high school with my class, and still continued my study of the piano, the pipe organ, and the theory of music. I read with studious interest everything I could find relating to colored men who had gained prominence. I dwelt in a world of imagination, of dreams and air castles--the kind of atmosphere that sometimes nourishes a genius, more often men unfitted for the practical struggles of life. There were two reasons, however, that inclined her to my father's choice; the first, that at Harvard or Yale I should be near her; the second, that my father had promised to pay for a part of my college education. "Shiny" had an uncle in Amherst, Mass., and he expected to live with him and work his way through Amherst College. He, however, insisted that the people of the town would generously patronize a benefit concert; so he took up the matter and made arrangements for such an entertainment. I was down on the program for one number. The benefit yielded me a little more than two hundred dollars, thus raising my cash capital to about four hundred dollars. The peculiar fascination which the South held over my imagination and my limited capital decided me in favor of Atlanta University; so about the last of September I bade farewell to the friends and scenes of my boyhood and boarded a train for the South. I found it a big, dull, red town. On the train I had talked with one of the Pullman car porters, a bright young fellow who was himself a student, and told him that I was going to Atlanta to attend school. He said I might go with him to the place where he stopped during his "lay-overs" in Atlanta. This seemed to satisfy the man, and he went down, leaving me and my porter friend in the room. The unkempt appearance, the shambling, slouching gait and loud talk and laughter of these people aroused in me a feeling of almost repulsion. In fact, they talked straight from their lungs and laughed from the pits of their stomachs. I'd go to his funeral jes' de same as I'd go to a minstrel show." I have since learned that this ability to laugh heartily is, in part, the salvation of the American Negro; it does much to keep him from going the way of the Indian. He must have divined my thoughts, for he went on to say: "I know a woman across town who takes a few boarders; I think we can go over there and get a good breakfast." He seemed especially pleased with the fact that I had come to them all the way from the North. The sounding of a bell, he told me, was the signal for the students to gather in the general assembly hall, and he asked me if I would go. I felt perfectly satisfied with life for the first time since my mother's death. I called the landlord up and informed him of my loss; he comforted me by saying that I ought to have better sense than to keep money in a trunk and that he was not responsible for his lodgers' personal effects. After thinking for a while as best I could, I wisely decided to go at once back to the University and lay my troubles before the president. If he has been, it is equally useless, for he understands more than words could convey. When I reached my lodgings, I found in the room one of the porters who had slept there the night before. He asked me how much money I had left. I'll tell you what you do, go down to Jacksonville and you won't have any trouble to get a job in one of the big hotels there, or in St. I followed directions, and the porter took me on his car and locked me in his closet. I may live to be a hundred years old, but I shall never forget the agonies I suffered that night.
  The next morning I got out of the car at Jacksonville with a stiff and aching body. I asked him if he could direct me to a respectable boarding-house for colored people. I went in and found the house neat and not uncomfortable. I was in time for breakfast, and at the table I had the opportunity to see my fellow boarders. They told me that the big winter hotels would not open within two months. The husband, who up to this time had allowed the woman to do most of the talking, gave me the first bit of tangible hope; he said that he could get me a job as a "stripper" in the factory where he worked, and that if I succeeded in getting some music pupils, I could teach a couple of them every night, and so make a living until something better turned up. In fact, I became enthusiastic, not only because I saw a way out of my financial troubles, but also because I was eager and curious over the new experience I was about to enter. I discovered that I had a talent for languages as well as for music. The "reader" is quite an institution in all cigar factories which employ Spanish-speaking workmen. He sits in the center of the large room in which the cigar makers work and reads to them for a certain number of hours each day all the important news from the papers and whatever else he may consider would be interesting. It was my initiation into what I have termed the freemasonry of the race. He bears the fury of the storm as does the willow tree. And how the scene of the struggle has shifted! If a Northern white man happened to be in the group, the time could be safely cut to thirty minutes. Here, a truly great people, a people that produced a majority of the great historic Americans from Washington to Lincoln, now forced to use up its energies in a conflict as lamentable as it is violent. There are those constituting what might be called the desperate class--the men who work in the lumber and turpentine camps, the ex-convicts, the bar-room loafers are all in this class. The second class, as regards the relation between blacks and whites, comprises the servants, the washerwomen, the waiters, the cooks, the coachmen, and all who are connected with the whites by domestic service. The third class is composed of the independent workmen and tradesmen, and of the well-to-do and educated colored people; and, strange to say, for a directly opposite reason they are as far removed from the whites as the members of the first class I mentioned. I think that the white people somehow feel that colored people who have education and money, who wear good clothes and live in comfortable houses, are "putting on airs," that they do these things for the sole purpose of "spiting the white folks," or are, at best, going through a sort of monkey-like imitation. The effort is sometimes made to convey the impression that the better class of colored people fight against riding in "Jim Crow" cars because they want to ride with white people or object to being with humbler members of their own race. They are the ones among the blacks who carry the entire weight of the race question; it worries the others very little, and I believe the only thing which at times sustains them is that they know that they are in the right. I was a hail fellow well met with all of the workmen at the factory, most of whom knew little and cared less about social distinctions. From their example I learned to be careless about money, and for that reason I constantly postponed and finally abandoned returning to Atlanta University. At one of the first public balls I attended I saw the Pullman car porter who had so kindly assisted me in getting to Jacksonville. The couples did not walk round in a circle, but in a square, with the men on the inside. The men walked with stately and soldierly step, and the women with considerable grace. This was the cake-walk in its original form, and it is what the colored performers on the theatrical stage developed into the prancing movements now known all over the world, and which some Parisian critics pronounced the acme of poetic motion. There are a great many colored people who are ashamed of the cake-walk, but I think they ought to be proud of it. The other two are ragtime music and the cake-walk. In Paris they call it American music. Some of the men got work in other factories in town; some decided to go to Key West and Tampa, others made up their minds to go to New York for work. New York City is the most fatally fascinating thing in America. It was suggested we go to a certain place which was known by the proprietor's name. The front parlor had been converted into a bar, and a half-dozen or so well-dressed men were in the room. From the hall I looked into the one on the front. "Twenty-five cents he don't turn!" This was the ancient and terribly fascinating game of dice, popularly known as "craps." He threw a dollar on the table and said: "Shoot the dollar." He shook the dice high above his head, and each time he threw them on the table, he emitted a grunt such as men give when they are putting forth physical exertion with a rhythmic regularity. came from his lips as quickly as the dice turned to his advantage. I could feel that I had gained the attention and respect of everybody in the room, every eye was fixed on me, and the widespread question, "Who is he?" He redoubled his contortions and his grunts and his pleadings to the dice; but on his third or fourth throw the fateful seven turned up, and I had won. We stopped in front of a house with three stories and a basement. In the basement was a Chinese chop-suey restaurant. When we had passed through a small vestibule and reached the hallway, we heard mingled sounds of music and laughter, the clink of glasses, and the pop of bottles. After the singer had responded to a rousing encore, the stout man at the piano began to run his fingers up and down the keyboard. This was ragtime music, then a novelty in New York, and just growing to be a rage, which has not yet subsided. Several of these improvisations were taken down by white men, the words slightly altered, and published under the names of the arrangers. They sprang into immediate popularity and earned small fortunes, of which the Negro originators got only a few dollars. I believe that it has its place as well as the music which draws from us sighs and tears. I began to wonder what this man with such a lavish natural endowment would have done had he been trained. It is certain that he would not have been so delightful as he was in ragtime. We went home and got into bed.
I have already stated that in the basement of the house there was a Chinese restaurant. It is a food that, somehow, has the power of absorbing alcoholic liquors that have been taken into the stomach. Perhaps that accounted, in some degree, for its popularity. On the main floor there were two large rooms: a parlor about thirty feet in length, and a large, square back room into which the parlor opened. The front room on the next floor was a sort of private party room; a back room on the same floor contained no furniture and was devoted to the use of new and ambitious performers. The other rooms of the house were used as sleeping-apartments. It was, in short, a center of colored Bohemians and sports. It was the custom at the "Club" for the waiter not to remove the bottles when champagne was being drunk until the party had finished. They generally came in cabs; some of them would stay only for a few minutes, while others sometimes stayed until morning. In the first place, among the many colored women who came to the "Club" there were several just as fair; and, secondly, I always saw these women in company with colored men. When I came to know her, I found that she was a woman of considerable culture; she had traveled in Europe, spoke French, and played the piano well. I have devoted so much time to this pair, the "widow" and her companion, because it was through them that another decided turn was brought about in my life. Following my suggestion, we started first to the gambling house. We did not stay at the "Club" very long, but went home to bed in order to be up early the next day. I worked steadily for some weeks, at the same time spending my earnings between the "crap" game and the "Club." Each night after leaving the dice game I went to the "Club" to hear the music and watch the gaiety. I at last realized that making cigars for a living and gambling for a living could not both be carried on at the same time, and I resolved to give up the cigar making. I was known as "the professor" as long as I remained in that world. For about a month after that he was at the "Club" one or two nights each week, and each time after I had played, he gave me five dollars. One night he sent for me to come to his table; he asked me several questions about myself; then told me that he had an engagement which he wanted me to fill. I was on hand promptly and found that he was giving a dinner in his own apartments to a party of ladies and gentlemen and that I was expected to furnish the musical entertainment. After that the talk and the laughter began to grow until the music was only an accompaniment to the chatter. The most notable thing which I observed was that the reserve of the host increased in direct proportion with the hilarity of his guests. When dinner was served, the piano was moved and the door left open, so that the company might hear the music while eating. Several of the women left the table and gathered about the piano. I obtained a little respite when the girlish-looking youth and one or two of the ladies sang several songs, but after each of these it was "back to ragtime." The man's powers of endurance in listening often exceeded mine in performing--yet I am not sure that he was always listening. The "Club" still remained my headquarters, and when I was not playing for my good patron, I was generally to be found there. One night, shortly afterwards, I went into the "Club" and saw the "widow" sitting at a table in company with another woman. She ordered a quart of champagne and insisted that I sit down and drink with her. I instinctively glanced around and saw that her companion had just entered. The "widow" evidently feared he was going to strike her, and she threw back her head. Instead of striking her he whipped out a revolver and fired; the first shot went straight into her throat. He directed the driver to turn around and go into the park, and then went on to say: "I decided last night that I'd go to Europe tomorrow. I think I'll take you along instead of Walter." It was settled that I should go to his apartments for the rest of the night and sail with him in the morning. The jet of blood pulsing from it had placed an indelible red stain on my memory. I looked for the bear, but if he was there, he refused to put himself on exhibition. Before we arrived in Paris, there was awakened in my heart a love for France which continued to grow stronger, a love which to-day makes that country for me the one above all others to be desired. He bought me the same kind of clothes which he himself wore, and that was the best; and he treated me in every way as he dressed me, as an equal, not as a servant. During the day we took in the places of interest, and at night the theatres and cafes. I played not only for the guests, but continued, as I used to do in New York, to play often for the host when he was alone. He fell into a habit which caused me no little annoyance; sometimes he would come in during the early hours of the morning and, finding me in bed asleep, would wake me up and ask me to play something. When that much is acquired the vocabulary can be increased simply by talking. And it is easy. Who cannot commit three hundred words to memory? I spent a good many evenings at the Opera. Americans are immensely popular in Paris; and this is not due solely to the fact that they spend lots of money there, for they spend just as much or more in London, and in the latter city they are merely tolerated because they do spend. But the French are more logical and freer from prejudices than the British; so the difference of attitude is easily explained. He and I grew attached to each other and were together frequently. As a result, Paris has the appearance only of being the more immoral city. I had been turning classic music into ragtime, a comparatively easy task; and this man had taken ragtime and made it classic. I made up my mind to go back into the very heart of the South, to live among the people, and drink in my inspiration firsthand. The more decided and anxious I became to return to the United States, the more I dreaded the ordeal of breaking with my millionaire. At length, one day he said to me: "Well, get ready for a long trip; we are going to Egypt, and then to Japan." "What!" I want to go back to the United States." Now, why do you want to throw your life away amidst the poverty and ignorance, in the hopeless struggle, of the black people of the United States? We talked for some time on music and the race question. I found that he was a man entirely free from prejudice, but he recognized that prejudice was a big stubborn entity which had to be taken into account. I can imagine no more dissatisfied human being than an educated, cultured, and refined colored man in the United States. My philosophy of life is this: make yourself as happy as possible, and try to make those happy whose lives come in touch with yours; but to attempt to right the wrongs and ease the sufferings of the world in general is a waste of effort. I argued that music offered me a better future than anything else I had any knowledge of, and, in opposition to my friend's opinion, that I should have greater chances of attracting attention as a colored composer than as a white one. But I must own that I also felt stirred by an unselfish desire to voice all the joys and sorrows, the hopes and ambitions, of the American Negro, in classic musical form. All this he did almost coldly; and I often wondered whether he was in a hurry to get rid of what he considered a fool, or whether he was striving to hide deeper feelings.
In fact, if he was not handsome, he at least compelled admiration for his fine physical proportions. I became curious to know who he was and determined to strike up an acquaintance with him at the first opportune moment. The chance came a day or two later. He was the broadest-minded colored man I have ever talked with on the Negro question. I learned that he was a physician, a graduate of Howard University, Washington, and had done post-graduate work in Philadelphia; and this was his second trip abroad to attend professional courses. I have seen the black West Indian gentleman in London, and he is in speech and manners a perfect Englishman. This is on account of the large number of individuals earning good salaries and having a reasonable amount of leisure time to draw from. Some might claim that this is a tacit admission of colored people among themselves of their own inferiority judged by the color line. It is this tremendous pressure which the sentiment of the country exerts that is operating on the race. Washington shows the Negro not only at his best, but also at his worst. But they ought not to represent the race. We are the race, and the race ought to be judged by us, not by them. Every race and every nation should be judged by the best it has been able to produce, not by the worst." The recollection of my stay in Washington is a pleasure to me now. In the North men may ride together for hours in a "smoker" and unless they are acquainted with each other never exchange a word; in the South men thrown together in such manner are friends in fifteen minutes. The professor turned very red and had very little more to say. In the course of a short time the controversy narrowed itself down to an argument between the old soldier and the Texan. The latter maintained hotly that the Civil War was a criminal mistake on the part of the North and that the humiliation which the South suffered during Reconstruction could never be forgotten. The Union man retorted just as hotly that the South was responsible for the war and that the spirit of unforgetfulness on its part was the greatest cause of present friction; that it seemed to be the one great aim of the South to convince the North that the latter made a mistake in fighting to preserve the Union and liberate the slaves. "Don't fancy for a moment," said the Northern man, "that you have any monopoly in buying ignorant votes. The same thing is done on a larger scale in New York and Boston, and in Chicago and San Francisco; and they are not black votes either. The Texan admitted that he knew only one, and added that he was in the penitentiary. "That's not the question," answered the other, "but if the Negro is so distinctly inferior, it is a strange thing to me that it takes such tremendous effort on the part of the white man to make him realize it, and to keep him in the same place into which inferior men naturally fall. "That's the law of nature; and he's bound to go to the wall; for no race in the world has ever been able to stand competition with the Anglo-Saxon. The Texan was too much astonished by the question to venture any reply. If the Anglo-Saxon is the source of everything good and great in the human race from the beginning, why wasn't the German forest the birthplace of civilization, rather than the valley of the Nile?" The Texan was somewhat disconcerted, for the argument had passed a little beyond his limits, but he swung it back to where he was sure of his ground by saying: "All that may be true, but it hasn't got much to do with us and the niggers here in the South. "No, I wouldn't consent to my daughter's marrying a nigger, but that doesn't prevent my treating a black man fairly. We don't believe the nigger is or ever will be the equal of the white man, and we ain't going to treat him as an equal; I'll be damned if we will. He knows that, judged by a high standard, he is narrow and prejudiced, that he is guilty of unfairness, oppression, and cruelty, but this he defends as stoutly as he would his better qualities. This they generally do whenever white people are concerned. The Texan's position does not render things so hopeless, for it indicates that the main difficulty of the race question does not lie so much in the actual condition of the blacks as it does in the mental attitude of the whites; and a mental attitude, especially one not based on truth, can be changed more easily than actual conditions. Southern white people despise the Negro as a race, and will do nothing to aid in his elevation as such; but for certain individuals they have a strong affection, and are helpful to them in many ways. I said above that Southern whites would do nothing for the Negro as a race. At times this led even to embarrassment. Yet it cannot be so embarrassing for a colored man to be taken for white as for a white man to be taken for colored; and I have heard of several cases of the latter kind. "Big meeting" is an institution something like camp-meeting, the difference being that it is held in a permanent church, and not in a temporary structure. It is really a social as well as a religious function. It is largely a matter of tone pictures. Then the march, the tramp, tramp, tramp, and the singing were again taken up. To the reader this may sound ridiculous, but listened to under the circumstances, it was highly and effectively dramatic. It is indispensable to the success of the singing, when the congregation is a large one made up of people from different communities, to have someone with a strong voice who knows just what hymn to sing and when to sing it, who can pitch it in the right key, and who has all the leading lines committed to memory. Committing to memory the leading lines of all the Negro spiritual songs is no easy task, for they run up into the hundreds. But the accomplished leader must know them all, because the congregation sings only the refrains and repeats; every ear in the church is fixed upon him, and if he becomes mixed in his lines or forgets them, the responsibility falls directly on his shoulders. In a few of these songs, however, the leading part is sung in unison by the whole congregation, down to the last line, which is harmonized. He received his support in much the same way as the preachers--part of a collection, food and lodging. I doubt that there is a stronger theme in the whole musical literature of the world. This feeling is natural; they are still too close to the conditions under which the songs were produced; but the day will come when this slave music will be the most treasured heritage of the American Negro. My companion talked to me about his work among the people, of his hopes and his discouragements. The town was of that kind which hardly requires or deserves description; a straggling line of brick and wooden stores on one side of the railroad track and some cottages of various sizes on the other side constituted about the whole of it. The young school teacher boarded at the best house in the place owned by a colored man. The owner held a job of some kind on the railroad. By this time I also noticed some colored people; a few seemed to be going about customary tasks; several were standing on the outskirts of the crowd; but the gathering of Negroes usually seen in such towns was missing. Two horsemen rode abreast; between them, half dragged, the poor wretch made his way through the dust. A space was quickly cleared in the crowd, and a rope placed about his neck, when from somewhere came the suggestion, "Burn him!" Nothing can be more terrible. A railroad tie was sunk into the ground, the rope was removed, and a chain brought and securely coiled around the victim and the stake. I do not see how a people that can find in its conscience any excuse whatever for slowly burning to death a human being, or for tolerating such an act, can be entrusted with the salvation of a race. The question of the relative qualities of the two races is still an open one. If one will put oneself in a romantic frame of mind, one can admire their notions of chivalry and bravery and justice. Today they are often cruel and ludicrous. I was as weak as a man who had lost blood. I swallowed a few mouthfuls of food, packed my bag, and caught the afternoon train. In this plight I was glad to get, through one of the teachers, a job as an ordinary clerk in a downtown wholesale house. It finally came in the form of a position with a house which was at the time establishing a South American department. From that time on I devoted myself to the study of New York real estate and watched for opportunities to make similar investments. When she began, I was out in the hallway, where many of the men were gathered; but with the first few notes I crowded with others into the doorway to see who the singer was. She was as white as a lily, and she was dressed in white. Indeed, she seemed to me the most dazzlingly white thing I had ever seen. She loved to hear me play Chopin and was herself far from being a poor performer of his compositions. And so the weeks and months went by. The polish of his language and he unpedantic manner in which he revealed his culture greatly impressed her; and after we had left the Musee she showed it by questioning me about him. This was the only time in my life that I ever felt absolute regret at being colored, that I cursed the drops of African blood in my veins and wished that I were really white. is that a fair price? It is not always   found; but when it is, there is nothing in all the world for   which it can be profitably exchanged. I could gather hope only from the fact that she had written at all. But that hope did not remain with me long. The first time I saw her after her return was one night at the theatre. This was really our first meeting since the eventful night at her house. We were married the following spring, and went to Europe for several months. Two years later there came a boy, who has my temperament, but is fair like his mother, a little golden-headed god, with a face and head that would have delighted the heart of an old Italian master. My children need a mother's care, but I shall never marry again. I am an ordinarily successful white man who has made a little money. My love for my children makes me glad that I am what I am and keeps me from desiring to be otherwise; and yet, when I sometimes open a little box in which I still keep my fast yellowing manuscripts, the only tangible remnants of a vanished dream, a dead ambition, a sacrificed talent, I cannot repress the thought that, after all, I have chosen the lesser part, that I have sold my birthright for a mess of pottage.
CHAPTER I  A SMALL TOWN       Put thousands together less bad,     But the cage less gay.--_Hobbes_. The little town of Verrieres can pass for one of the prettiest in Franche-Comte. it belongs to M. the Mayor." Such is M. de Renal, the mayor of Verrieres. But if the latter continues to walk a hundred steps further up, he will perceive a house with a fairly fine appearance, with some magnificent gardens behind an iron grill belonging to the house. It is to the profits which he has made out of his big nail factory that the mayor of Verrieres owes this fine residence of hewn stone which he is just finishing. Proud man that he was, the mayor had none the less to negotiate with that tough, stubborn peasant, old Sorel. The tyranny of public opinion (and what public opinion!) is as _stupid_ in the little towns of France as in the United States of America.
"I like the shade," answered M. de Renal, with just a tinge of that hauteur which becomes a mayor when he is talking to a surgeon, who is a member of the Legion of Honour. This is the great word which is all decisive at Verrieres. The stranger who arrives in the town is fascinated by the beauty of the fresh deep valleys which surround it, and he imagines at first that the inhabitants have an appreciation of the beautiful. It was on a fine, autumn day that M. de Renal was taking a promenade on the Cours de la Fidelite with his wife on his arm. But though I want to talk to you about the provinces for two hundred pages, I lack the requisite barbarity to make you undergo all the long-windedness and circumlocutions of a provincial dialogue. "But they always talk to us about those Jacobin articles, all that distracts us and prevents us from doing good.
M. Appert realised that he had to do with a man of spirit. About three o'clock these gentlemen went to finish their inspection of the workhouse and then returned to the prison. "The reason is that I received yesterday the most specific orders, and M. the Prefect sent a message by a gendarme who must have galloped during the whole of the night, that M. Appert was not to be allowed in the prisons." "What a difference!" At the present time they served as the text for the little discussion which M. de Renal was having with his wife. Verrieres is my family, but I said to myself when I saw the stranger, 'This man from Paris may as a matter of fact be a Liberal, there are only too many of them about, but what harm can he do to our poor and to our prisoners?'" This little event changed the course of the conversation. "I really mean to take Sorel, the son of the sawyer, into the house," said M. de Renal; "he will look after the children, who are getting too naughty for us to manage. He is a young priest, or as good as one, a good Latin scholar, and will make the children get on. He said that the mountain air did his asthma good, but that is something which has never been proved. "Well, that's settled." My grandfather often used to tell us that he had a tutor when he was young. This sudden resolution left Madame de Renal quite pensive. She was a big, well-made woman, who had been the beauty of the country, to use the local expression. In fact, she never thought about it, but she had been extremely glad to find the inhabitants of the town visit her less frequently.
"My wife really has a head on her shoulders," said the mayor of Verrieres at six o'clock the following morning, as he went down to the saw-mill of Father Sorel. And how smugly, to be sure, would he talk about his children's tutor!... Father Sorel (for it was he) was very surprised, and even more pleased at the singular offer which M. de Renal made him for his son Julien. He wanted, he said, to consult his son, as if in the provinces, forsooth, a rich father consulted a penniless son for any other reason than as a mere matter of form. Instead of watching attentively the action of the machinery, Julien was reading. "God knows what he is going to do with me," said the young man to himself.
you know, I only see God in church," answered Julien, with a little hypocritical air, well suited, so he thought, to keep off the parental claws. He was then silent for a moment. "I do not want to be a servant." This question discomforted old Sorel, who felt he might possibly commit some imprudence if he went on talking. Having looked at them for a long time, Julien saw that he could find out nothing, and went and stationed himself on the other side of the saw in order to avoid being surprised. "I must give all that up," he said to himself, "rather than let myself be reduced to eating with the servants. I will enlist as a soldier there, and, if necessary, I will cross into Switzerland. He would have died for these three works. In the evening Julien went to take his theology lesson at the cure's, but he did not consider that it was prudent to say anything to him about the strange proposal which had been made to his father. After having run the gauntlet of all kinds of objections, Sorel was given to understand that his son would have his meals with the master and mistress of the house, and that he would eat alone in a room with the children on the days when they had company. Then, on his side, M. de Renal managed to score. The Mayor's officials called his house by this designation when they wanted to humour him. When he got back to his workshop, it was in vain that Sorel sought his son. He had scarcely got out of sight of his terrible father when he slackened his pace. The Surgeon-Major, Julien's friend, died. He announced his intention of becoming a priest, and was always to be seen in his father's workshop occupied in learning by heart the Latin Bible which the cure had lent him. Julien shuddered. said Julien. He got up rapidly and walked to M. de Renal's house. He had to go inside. The extreme timidity of Madame de Renal was fluttered when she thought of this stranger whose functions would necessitate his coming between her and her children.
Overcome by her beauty he soon forgot everything, even what he had come for. Madame de Renal repeated her question. "What! The word "Monsieur" astonished Julien so much that he reflected for a moment. "Yes, Madame," he said timidly. It seemed to her, above all, that the tutor ought to have a black suit. "Is it true that you know Latin?" He had stopped two paces from her. She approached and said to him in a whisper:  "You won't beat my children the first few days, will you, even if they do not know their lessons?" It was only now, when her anxiety about her children had been relieved once and for all, that Madame de Renal was struck by Julien's extreme beauty. The male air, which is usually considered essential to a man's beauty, would have terrified her. "I am called Julien Sorel, Madame. He will give you a good account of me. He was examining Madame de Renal. The rash idea of kissing her hand immediately occurred to him. He soon became frightened of his idea. He said with an air of constraint. When M. de Renal came back with the new tutor in his black suit more than an hour later, he found his wife still seated in the same place. When she examined him she forgot to be frightened of him. That result would not have been achieved if I had allowed Julien to wear a workman's clothes. He was quite another man. He was introduced to the children and spoke to them in a manner that astonished M. de Renal himself. Adolphe, the eldest of the children, had taken up the book. "Great heavens!" Eventually he managed to spout a phrase of Horace. The servants were still at the door. Julien thought that he ought to prolong the test--"M. Stanislas-Xavier also," he said to the youngest of the children, "must give me a passage from the holy book." He always spoke of Napoleon with abhorrence.
The children adored him, but he did not like them in the least. Cold, just and impassive, and none the less liked, inasmuch his arrival had more or less driven ennui out of the house, he was a good tutor. Madame de Renal, who was taking a walk with M. de Renal and the sub-prefect, happened to arrive in the little wood. She saw Julien lying on the ground and thought that he was dead. Madame de Renal's housemaid, Elisa, had lost no time in falling in love with the young tutor. She often talked about him to her mistress. One day he heard the man saying to Elisa, "You haven't a word for me now that this dirty tutor has entered the household." Madame de Renal observed that Julien talked more frequently than usual to Mademoiselle Elisa. Tormented by the idea of Julien's poverty, Madame de Renal spoke to her husband about giving him some linen for a present. Up to the time of Julien's arrival she had never really troubled about anything except her children. But at Paris, love is a creature of novels. Julien surprised her one day actually crying. "Oh Madame! "No, my friend," she answered, "call the children, let us go for a walk." She took his arm and leant on it in a manner that struck Julien as singular. said Julien. Renal anything at all having to do with my money." As for her, she respected him, she admired him, and she had been scolded by him. 'All these people' he said 'are servants.' I'll go and say a few words to M. Julien and give him a hundred francs." She felt an abhorrence for her husband and hid her face in her hands. In the shop she chose ten louis worth of books for a present for her sons. But these books were those which she knew Julien was wanting. The suggestion was to contribute to the fortune of a Liberal by taking a subscription at the bookseller's. But Julien saw that the mayor had determined to go no further. "I was thinking, sir," he said to him one day, "that it would be highly undesirable for the name of so good a gentleman as a Renal to appear on a bookseller's dirty ledger." He noticed that the Mayor's physiognomy was re-assuming its expression of embarrassment and displeasure. Julien was silent. She grew pale and asked him to leave off. Julien knew nothing beyond that. He despised himself terribly. One's ennui is doubled.
It was only when Madame de Renal began to think of her maid Elisa that there was some slight change in that angelic sweetness which she owed both to her natural character and her actual happiness. It is especially necessary for me to deceive him, and he manages to find me out. In that case she would see him sometimes. She said so to her husband and finally fell ill. That very evening when her maid was attending her, she noticed that the girl was crying. "I will speak to M. Julien." Julien gradually emerged from his cautiously worded answers, and finished by answering with spirit Madame de Renal's good advice. "Can I be in love with Julien?" In order to distract herself, she looked at Julien's physiognomy; he would have pleased her at this particular moment, even if he had been the ugliest man imaginable. Madame de Renal gaily spent the whole day with Julien in supervising the workmen. This is the barbarous name which Julien taught Madame de Renal. As it is not our intention to flatter anyone, we do not propose to deny that Madame de Renal, who had a superb skin, arranged her gowns in such a way as to leave her arms and her bosom very exposed. "You have never been _so young_, Madame," her Verrieres friends would say to her, when they came to dinner at Vergy (this is one of the local expressions). She found pleasure in it and spent all the time which she did not pass in hunting butterflies with the children and Julien, in working with Elisa at making gowns, without giving the matter a further thought. She would start to telling her her thoughts in a timid voice, but after the ladies had been alone for a long time, Madame de Renal's brain became more animated, and a long morning spent together by the two friends passed like a second, and left them in the best of spirits. On this particular journey, however, the acute Madame Derville thought her cousin much less merry, but much more happy than usual. "To me it's like Mozart's music," Madame Derville would say. The dog days arrived. They started the habit of spending the evenings under an immense pine tree some yards from the house. The hand was quickly removed, but Julien thought it a point of duty to secure that that hand should not be removed when he touched it.
All they did that night struck Julien as strange. At last they sat down, Madame de Renal beside Julien, and Madame Derville near her friend. Finally, when the last stroke of ten was still reverberating, he stretched out his hand and took Madame de Renal's, who immediately withdrew it. Julien, scarcely knowing what he was doing, seized it again. At the moment when Madame Derville was repeating her suggestion to go back to the salon, Julien squeezed vigorously the hand that was abandoned to him. He would then have remained _tete-a-tete_ with Madame de Renal. He half thought of answering Julien by turning him out of the house straight away. Madame de Renal was on the point of bursting into tears. Julien could only answer all that Madame de Renal said to him by whispering. "He is right to be angry," she answered. He has put the May straw this morning in all the beds on the first storey; he is now at the second." He looked at Madame de Renal in a singular way, and soon managed somehow to take her on one side, doubling his pace. Madame Derville allowed them to get ahead. I entreat you not to look at that portrait; it is my secret." Seated on the chair in the ante-chamber of his apartment, Madame de Renal fell a prey to all the horrors of jealousy. Julien seized the box without thanking her or saying a single word, and ran into his room, where he lit a fire and immediately burnt it. He saw in Madame de Renal nothing but a rich woman, he disdainfully let her hand fall and went away. He went and walked about meditatively in the garden.
M. de Renal stopped and looked at his servants. At these words M. de Renal saw Julien installed with M. Valenod. The children who had listened to this scene with gaping mouths, ran into the garden to tell their mother that M. Julien was very angry, but that he was going to have fifty francs a month. A minute afterwards Julien found himself opposite M. de Renal. Take the gardener's horse to go to Verrieres." The mayor of Verrieres still continued to typify in his eyes all the wealth and all the arrogance of the earth; but Julien felt that the hatred that had just thrilled him had nothing personal about it in spite of all the violence which he had manifested.
On returning to Vergy, Julien waited till night had fallen before going down into the garden. He took his accustomed seat next to Madame de Renal. Madame de Renal shuddered. Her husband was four paces away. Madame de Renal could not sleep a wink. She found herself confronted with the horrible idea that Julien loved another woman. To free herself from her maid's continual stare, she ordered her maid to read the paper, and it was as she listened to the monotonous voice of this girl, reading a long article from the _Quotidienne_ that Madame de Renal made the virtuous resolution to treat Julien with absolute coldness when she saw him again.
The smile of pleasure died away from his lips as he remembered his rank in society, especially from the point of view of a rich and noble heiress. As she watched him go, she was overwhelmed by the sombre haughtiness which she read in that look which had been so gracious the previous evening. said Madame de Renal to herself. He found a way to it, and was soon ensconced in this retreat. A square stone served him for a desk; his pen flew. "Why shouldn't I pass the night here?" He loved with passion, and was loved. Great deeds would have disappeared from out his ken together with hope of achieving them and have been succeeded by the platitude. He quite astonished his friend when he knocked at his door at one o'clock in the morning. This offer upset Julien. Fouque showed his accounts to Julien during the whole of the supper--which the two friends prepared themselves like the Homeric heroes (for Fouque lived alone) and proved to him all the advantages offered by his timber business. But suddenly Julien was happy. His friend's offers had robbed him of it.
When Julien perceived the picturesque ruins of the old church at Vergy, he noticed that he had not given a single thought to Madame de Renal since the day before yesterday. "She loves," unhappy woman, said Madame Derville to herself. Madame de Renal was also pleased with her pretty dress, and with what Julien had said to her about it, and wanted to walk round the garden. "That woman cannot despise me; in that case," he said to himself. I owe it to myself to be her lover." "What do I know of the character of that woman?" As they went back to the drawing-room about midnight, Madame de Renal said to him in a whisper. Julien answered with a sigh. "I absolutely must leave, for I love you passionately.
His pride refused to leave anything to chance and the inspiration of the moment. and seizing the moment when they were passing from one room to another, he thought it was his duty to give Madame de Renal a kiss. "What would happen to me," she said to herself, "if I were alone with him?" Julien found the day very tedious, and passed it entirely in clumsily putting into operation his plan of seduction. "That pretty boy has very silly manners," she thought. Madame de Renal found an opportunity of saying to Julien, "Be prudent, I order you." Julien appreciated his own clumsiness. Bored with himself and Madame de Renal, he viewed with apprehension the advance of the evening when he would have to sit by her side in the darkness of the garden.
He had a ludicrous idea in the evening, and with singular courage he communicated it to Madame de Renal. They had scarcely sat down in the garden before Julien brought his mouth near Madame de Renal's ear without waiting till it was sufficiently dark and at the risk of compromising her terribly, said to her,  "Madame, to-night, at two o'clock, I shall go into your room, I must tell you something." He opened the door with a trembling hand and made a frightful noise. "Wretch," she cried. When Julien came out of Madame de Renal's room some hours afterwards, one could have said, adopting the conventional language of the novel, that there was nothing left to be desired. The prayers and despair of Julien troubled her keenly.
CHAPTER XVI  THE DAY AFTER       He turned his lips to hers and with his hand     Called back the tangles of her wandering hair. It was not so with Madame Derville. Madame de Renal was burning to find herself alone with Julien. Madame Derville arranged things so adroitly that evening in the garden, that she found herself placed between Madame de Renal and Julien. She had so scolded Julien for his imprudence in coming to her room on the preceding night, that she trembled lest he should not come to-night. "I might have married a man like that," thought Madame de Renal sometimes. "It is impossible," he said to himself "for there to be anything more beautiful in Paris." As a result of her departure, she found herself alone with her lover nearly the whole day.
"Whatever one does," he added, with a deep sigh, "this fatal memory will always prevent our being happy." He suddenly saw Madame de Renal frown. Brought up as she was with the idea that she was very rich, she took it for granted that Julien was so also. How justice would triumph in Verrieres. Julien understood at last the innuendoes which he had surprised, when the high society of the locality used to come and dine at M. de Renal's. "Go," said Madame de Renal. she said to Julien. "There is room for a great man; church and state have need of one."
_Sermon of the Bishop at the Chapel of Saint Clement_. The prefect authorised, that is to say, demanded the forming of a guard of honour. M. de Renal arrived during the night and found the town in a commotion. Who was to command the Guard of Honour? "I shall know how to take the right tone," he said to the mayor. Madame de Renal quickly got rid of all these people. The decorators began to fill the house. He tried to speak to her. Having settled the questions of the guards of honour, and of the public welcome finished, the mayor had now to organise a great religious ceremony. What a rebuff that would be? A Jansenist, by the Lord." They recognised in this young man, who was sitting one of the Norman horses of M. Valenod, little Sorel, the carpenter's son. Then taking her carriage and rapidly making a long detour, she arrived in time to shudder when his horse took him outside the line. Six thousand peasants cried "Long live the King," when the mayor had the honour to harangue his Majesty. Scarcely was the King in the church than Julien galloped towards the house of M. de Renal. He was a nephew of M. de la Mole, who had been recently nominated, and had been charged with the duty of showing the relic to the King. "Is this young priest performing some preliminary ceremony? Never mind though! Julien was dumbfounded. "What can it be?" "It is not too far back? Julien being in attendance on the abbe Chelan managed to get quite near Monseigneur. Julien thought they were going to crumble. "But where is Agde? The king entered. Julien had the good fortune to see him at close quarters. "What is a _chapelle ardente_," said Julien to himself. But he was reluctant to ask the meaning of this word. The etiquette on the occasion of a visit of a sovereign prince is that the canons do not accompany the bishop. Monsieur de la Mole had ten thousand bottles of wine distributed among the peasants. Before leaving, the king paid a visit to M. de Moirod.
As he was replacing the usual furniture in the room which M. de la Mole had occupied, Julien found a piece of very strong paper folded in four. "So even that imbecile de Cholin shows me the way to go about things," said Julien to himself. She saw in the illness the language of hell. It soon assumed a serious character. He did not know that Madame de Renal had got it into her head that, in order to appease the wrath of a jealous God, it was necessary either to hate Julien, or let her son die. "Fly from me," she said one day to Julien. "He is just. "She thinks that she is killing her son by loving me, and all the same the unhappy woman loves me more than her son. It is remorse for that which is killing her. he said, going away. "No, listen to me," cried his wife on her knees before him, trying to hold him back. Heaven is punishing me. Julien was astonished. How droll!" What do I care for men and their buffooneries? That automaton of a husband is more harm to her than good. That is all there is left for me to do. If I leave you you will tell your husband everything. He adored Madame de Renal. "It makes no difference her being noble, and my being a labourer's son. But they no longer found that delicious serenity, that cloudless happiness, that facile joy of the first period of their love, when Madame de Renal's only fear was that Julien did not love her enough. "You will ruin me, Monsieur, if I tell the truth," she said one day to Valenod. "And," added the housemaid with a sigh, "Julien did not put himself out at all to make his conquest, his manner was as cold as ever, even with Madame." The very same evening, M. de Renal received from the town, together with his paper, a long anonymous letter which apprised him in the greatest detail of what was taking place in his house. Julien saw him pale as he read this letter written on blue paper, and look at him with a malicious expression.
Madame de Renal had the mad idea that this warning was only a pretext for not seeing her. She absolutely lost her head, and came to his door at the accustomed hour. Someone was trying to open the door. Was it Madame de Renal? Was it a jealous husband? Go and show this letter to         all Verrieres, or rather show it to M. Valenod. "Is there an anonymous letter? Will that be a         vexation for you? It is         not the first that my husband has received, and on my         score too. "My one aim is to make my husband think that the letter         comes from M. Valenod; I have no doubt that he is         its author. "That is what my husband will never put up with. How is         all this going to end? ANONYMOUS LETTER. If you are         sensible enough to do this, your husband will believe         that the notification he has received is misleading, and         he will be left in his illusion. "You will be able to see the tower of the dovecot from         the top of the rocks.
he thought. Take charge of this, and bury it in some place of the mountain. She gave him a glass case in red morocco filled with gold and some diamonds. "Now go," she said to him. From the moment that M. de Renal had opened the anonymous letter his life had been awful. He scrutinised the letter from every standpoint. he said to himself. The majority of his acquaintances were jealous of him, and, no doubt, hated him. he exclaimed with bitterness. He followed it up in all its details. "I could thrash this insolent tutor within an inch of his life and hound him out of the house; but what a sensation that would make in Verrieres and even over the whole department! Bring him up before the courts! He has the power. She gave him a letter with a broken seal but folded. I insist on one thing and that is that you send back this M. Julien to his parents and without delay." "They still make fun of me in every possible way," said M. de Renal to himself, overwhelmed with exhaustion. He needed to get away from his wife. A few moments afterwards he came back to her in a quieter frame of mind. _He was working off his anger_, to use the local expression. "Monsieur," she answered him at last, "I speak as a woman who has been outraged in her honour, that is to say, in what she holds most precious." Valenod." has there been anything between Elisa and Valenod?" "He has written to you?" "Will you swear to me," said Madame de Renal quite gravely, "never to quarrel with the director of the workhouse about these letters?" She only came down from the dovecot when she was frightened of her husband coming there to look for her. She found him furious. "It is necessary for Julien to travel. Valenod." An odalisque in the seraglio can love the Sultan with all her might. When Madame de Renal returned to her room, her feeling of danger was vividly awakened.
Julien had scarcely arrived at Verrieres before he reproached himself with his injustice towards Madame de Renal. But she has acquitted herself like a diplomatist and I sympathise with the defeat of the man who is my enemy. M. de Renal had ordered Julien to stay at his house. The third day after his arrival Julien saw no less a personage than M. the sub-prefect de Maugiron come all the way up the stairs to his room. M. de Maugiron had scarcely left before Julien began to laugh like a madman. He found him parading his importance in the middle of a lot of despatch boxes. He asked for the honour of being introduced to Madame Valenod. Julien held up his green glass and said to M. Valenod,  "They are not singing that wretched song any more." Julien then recited. Julien looked at the flushed faces of the ladies. These worthy people, who only knew Julien by name and from having seen him on horseback on the day of the king of ----'s entry, were his most noisy admirers. He really must hear her children recite their catechisms. He was careful not to point them out. "What ignorance of the first principles of religion," he thought. "This young man is an honour to the department," cried all the guests in chorus. I shall give myself away one fine day. He was a geometrist named Gros, and had the reputation of being a Jacobin. Julien kissed him with tears in his eyes. Madame de Renal felt mad with joy and covered her children with kisses, a process which involved her leaning a little on Julien. But this was something more than a mere money matter. Poor France!" The latter might address to him some harsh words, which he would not mind much; but he might write to Besancon and even to Paris. The children, on the other hand, had never been more joyful and more merry.
Immediately after dinner they left for Vergy, but the next day but one Julien saw the whole family return to Verrieres. "Is she going to give me a successor," thought Julien. It had scarcely been put in its place before Julien's curiosity saw the detailed announcement of the putting up for public auction of that big old house whose name had figured so frequently in M. de Renal's conversations with his wife. Julien was very disappointed. He went to visit the house which was to let. Julien made a point of being present at the auction of the lease. "Three hundred francs, that's a bit too thick," said a man to his neighbour in a low voice. poor man! "For he's an ultra he is, I'm glad to say, but he doesn't steal." answered another. Julien got home in a very bad temper. she said to him. Monsieur de Renal ordered Julien to follow the children to Vergy. Madame de Renal endeavoured to console her husband. "Monsieur the mayor, I am Signor Geronimo. After dinner he sang a little duet with Madame de Renal, and told some charming tales. At one o'clock in the morning the children protested, when Julien suggested that they should go to bed. "'And how much will you give me?' Clear out!' One thing astonished Julien. Would he be happy if he had to rest all the time?" Madame de Renal's mind had now reached a state of desperation. Her children, herself, and Julien! I have seen to everything and have arranged everything, but you must leave, and not come back to Verrieres for a year." Her husband had just spoken to her with a certain amount of frankness. I did not take the trouble to reflect for a moment. She cut off a strand of her hair. If there is a new revolution, all the nobles will have their throats cut. But three days after my departure I will come back to see you at night." M. de Renal soon came back. "I will take it to the Casino, and shew everybody that it has been sent by that brute Valenod, whom I took out of the gutter and made into one of the richest tradesmen in Verrieres. This is too much." Conversely, it was essential for M. de Renal's prestige that Julien should leave Verrieres to enter the seminary of Besancon or that of Dijon. But how to make him decide on that course? This letter made him think again of fighting a duel with Valenod. He left the house alone, went to the armourer's and got some pistols which he loaded. M. de Renal cursed a thousand times the day that he had had the ill-starred idea of taking a tutor into his house, and forgot the anonymous letter. Her life was tolerable, because between her and extreme unhappiness there was still that last interview which she was to have with Julien. In this moment she only had one thought--"I see him for the last time." "It is impossible to be more unhappy.
What ideas for the         future in a brain of twenty! To-day, everything had a fascination for him. He kept thinking of the immensity and magnificence of a great capital like Besancon. The pretty young lady had just placed before him a cup, some sugar, and a little roll. Amanda looked at him with an astonished air. Nevertheless, he reddened considerably, as he said to her. One of her lovers had appeared at the cafe door. He looked at Julien. She got up, and while appearing to be following with her eye somebody who was passing in the street, she went and quickly placed herself between him and the billiard table. He did not mean to insult you." He did not come out, and Julien went away. "There is not much difference between a seminary and a prison," said Julien to himself, "for a poor devil like me, without protectors and without money. He approached her and told his story. How well you look like that, M. the abbe Sorel," said the big woman to him when he came down to the kitchen. They'll steal all that from you in less than no time, and above all, never go into the cafe s, they are filled with bad characters."
Julien raised his eyes with an effort, and in a voice rendered quavering by the beating of his heart explained that he desired to speak to M. Pirard, the director of the Seminary. Without saying a word the man in black signed to him to follow. In this room Julien was left alone. He perceived at the other end of the room, near a small window with yellow panes decorated with badly kept flower vases, a man seated at a table, and covered with a dilapidated cassock. said the man at last, impatiently. "Julien Sorel." Julien could not endure this look. He heard the terrible man saying to the porter,  "He has had an epileptic fit apparently, and this is the finishing touch." Finally the man stopped writing and looked sideways at Julien. Is he         sincere?" The director         of the workhouse, whom you know well, offers him eight         hundred to be tutor to his children. Go and lock that door." (Do you speak Latin?) Julien regained some self-possession. How much money, have you?" Julien summoned the porter. 103," said the abbe Pirard to the man. As a great favour he let Julien have a place all to himself. exclaimed Julien.
The recreation hour arrived, and Julien saw that he was the object of general curiosity, but he only manifested reserved silence. But it was a great secret and their friends concealed it. It was after this examination of his colleagues that Julien, during the first few days, promised himself a speedy success. He did not know that M. Pirard had received and thrown into the fire several letters with the Dijon stamp in which the most lively passion would pierce through the most formal conventionalism of style. One day the abbe Pirard opened a letter which seemed half-blotted out by tears. Adieu, Julien. Be just towards all men." Could never get in. "Liberals even in the seminary! Julien's conduct since he had been at the seminary had been nothing but a series of false steps. If he comes out first, it is only because he is absent-minded. Julien incessantly found such phrases as these charcoaled on the walls of the corridors. He realised that it was necessary to have them incessantly before his eyes. By the difference between my appearance and that of a layman." Julien saw with anger that he was surpassed in this by the coarsest peasants. On feast-days, the seminarists were regaled with sausages and cabbage. Julien watched with an attention bordering on envy the coarsest of the little peasants who arrived at the seminary. One day, in the middle of a theology lesson, the Abbe Pirard summoned Julien to him. Julien realised the immense danger.
Here is one of his sad days in detail:  "I have so often presumed to congratulate myself on being different from the other young peasants! The thunder growled, and the holy pupil exclaimed as he roughly pushed him away. "Let us try the conquest of some other rogue." "It is particularly appropriate to say of a cure," he said to the pupils who formed a ring round him, "that the place is worth as much as the man is worth. Several young seminarists had a fresher complexion than Julien, and could pass as better-looking, but he had white hands, and was unable to conceal certain refined habits of personal cleanliness.
Only one seemed to take advantage of his readiness to believe everything, and apparently to swallow everything. During the period of Julien's blindness, this class was one of those in which he most frequently came out top. There is so much gold in it. All the time that he had passed in the seminary seemed to him no more than a moment. It is very good of you to think of them," said the abbe. Julien saw that he would have to climb the ladder himself. "Now he is going to talk about himself. What a man! He really takes the cake." It is there that the women accomplices of the thieves always spy. At this moment the presumption of Julien bursts out into full view. His reverie was almost broken by the sight of two well-dressed women, one in the Confessional, and the other on a chair quite near her. How well cut that dress is! What were his emotions when he recognised the hair of Madame de Renal? It was she! Julien was beside himself and hastened to their side. He saw the head of Madame de Renal, pale and entirely devoid of consciousness floating on his shoulder. He knelt down. Madame Derville turned round and recognised him. "Away, monsieur, away!" she said to him, in a tone of the most lively anger. These words were spoken with so much authority, and Julien felt so weak, that he did take himself off.
Julien had not emerged from the deep reverie in which the episode in the cathedral had plunged him, when the severe abbe Pirard summoned him. He burst out into tears. Julien was mad with joy. What would happen to the people without them? He was walking alone in the seminary garden. It's only the ragamuffins who leave for the army. This conversation consoled Julien a little. He saw that Chazel endeavoured to exhibit all his knowledge. There were bets in the seminary that Julien would come out first in the final list of the examination, a privilege which carried with it the honour of dining with my Lord Bishop. Julien felt a thrill some months afterwards when he received a letter. A gentleman who signed himself Paul Sorel, and who said that he was his relative, sent him a letter of credit for five hundred francs. He was making a mistake in regard to this letter, for Madame de Renal, under the influence of her friend, Madame Derville, was abandoning herself absolutely to profound remorse. He was now one of the richest proprietors of the department. In the course of his prosperity, he had bought the one half of an estate, while the other half had been inherited by Monsieur de la Mole. In his anger against what, in his opinion, was the infamous stratagem employed against Julien, he narrated his history to the Marquis. He had never been able to prevail on the abbe Pirard to accept even the reimbursement of the postal expenses occasioned by the lawsuit. He seized the opportunity of sending five hundred francs to his favourite pupil. "M. le Marquis has instructed me to bring you his carriage," said the man to him. The richest of your         future parishioners has never seen you, but is more         devoted than you can possibly think: he is the Marquis         de la Mole." Having finished this letter he had Julien called. Like all the other seminarists, he was sleeping at eight o'clock in the evening. Be all ears and eyes. Julien was astonished to see this abbe boldly open the letter which was addressed to the Bishop. Julien had only time to turn round towards the door. The Bishop addressed a benevolent smile to him and passed on. "That one is very wide-awake I assure you, my Lord, and he brings great news. "Well," said the Bishop with a laugh. Let us try and shine. They talked for a long time of Virgil, or Cicero, and the prelate could not help complimenting the young seminarist. "How is that?" "Ah, it is the Benjamin of the abbe Pirard," said the Bishop with a laugh, as he looked at M. de Frilair. I did not anticipate finding a teacher in a pupil in my seminary. My Lord had not said a word to him about the abbe Pirard. They abandoned themselves to all kinds of conjectures over this extraordinary favour. They already saw the abbe Pirard a Bishop. It is really too ridiculous."
The Marquis de la Mole received the abbe Pirard without any of those aristocratic mannerisms whose very politeness is at the same time so impertinent to one who understands them. "Oh, it is Julien Sorel," said the Marquis. Let him come to me." Within an hour's time, Julien was summoned to the Bishop's Palace, where he found himself welcomed with a quite paternal benevolence. He represented to his friend that he was deprived of any free choice in the matter by the abbe Pirard's letter.' And he knocked hard enough to break the pane. "If it is she, what is she going to say?" As for him, he wept bitterly. He wept for a long time in silence. After many conjectures as to the origin of the five hundred francs letter, Julien took up his story. He abruptly mentioned a letter he had just received from Paris. you are not going back to Besancon? I am going to Paris." He moved some steps towards the window. Madame de Renal rushed to him and threw herself into his arms. he cried to her.
Well, Bonaparte, heaven confound him! He wept. In the evening, Julien hesitated a great deal before going to the theatre. A deep distrust prevented him from admiring actual Paris. On the evening of the third day his curiosity got the better of his plan of seeing everything before presenting himself to the abbe Pirard. "If you do not prove useful to him at the end of some months you will go back to the seminary, but not in disgrace. I was forgetting M. de la Mole's family. I will say that I am responsible for that resolution." He was desperately anxious to throw himself into his friend's arms.
It was the marquis. "Julien is not a priest." "Very good, get twenty-two more shirts. M. de Renal would have thought himself dishonoured for ever by doing one-hundredth part of what the Marquis de la Mole has just done for me. An hour afterwards the marquis came in and was surprised to notice that Julien spelt cela with two "ll" cella. "Is all that the abbe told me of his knowledge simply a fairy tale?" The marquis sent for him at six o'clock. "So he is clumsy to the bargain," he said to himself. The marquise scarcely deigned to look at him. Julien thought that the marquis looked bored. This kind of examination gave a little interest to a solemn dinner. Julien answered and thought out new ideas. In the heat of the controversy Julien eventually forgot the magnificent furniture of the dining-room. Julien caught a few words of what he said.
Julien was copying letters in the library very early the next day when Mademoiselle Mathilde came in by a little dummy door very well masked by the backs of the books. "Well, this will be the seventh," said Norbert. The marquis, wishing to favour him with a few words at dinner, asked him for news of his excursion. He was good enough to have the quietest and prettiest horse given to me, but after all he could not tie me on to it, and owing to the lack of that precaution, I had a fall right in the middle of that long street near the bridge. On the following day Julien attended two theology lectures, and then came back to copy out about twenty letters. He found a young man, who though very carefully dressed, had a mean appearance and an envious expression, established near him in the library. This is a try-on, but it is an unfortunate one." The academician had induced the marquis to take him as a secretary. Norbert saw Julien twenty times on the point of tumbling, but in the end the excursion finished without misadventure. In spite of so much kindness Julien soon felt himself completely isolated in this family.
Will he like it there? "If I am to know my way about," said Julien to himself. The marquis was charming to his wife. This was the reason that sometimes induced Julien to stay till the end. In the middle of this magnificence and this boredom Julien was interested in nothing except M. de la Mole. Julien knew the truth from the abbe Pirard. Tanbeau." Julien saw mademoiselle de la Mole listening. He reddened. She had come to fetch a book and had heard everything. "He is a man who knows the whole world," said the marquis de Croisenois. Then he has a reconciliation and he writes seven or eight letters to express his bursts of friendship. he shouted at him one day from one end of the table to the other." "But is it true that he has played the traitor?" "I think that even your servants make fun of him. "That man argues, he does not talk," said someone behind Julien. In that case my opinion would be my master." What the case required was a five hundred francs fine and ten years in a dungeon." "Well to be sure, who is the monster they are speaking about?" Julien soon learnt that they were talking of the greatest poet of the century. "I warn you the marquis does not like scribblers, it is his only prejudice. "The little note book," said Julien to himself, "has always been locked." Mademoiselle de la Mole's circle was still full of people.
Julien made frequent journeys there. They were always perfectly polite to him in the Hotel de la Mole but he felt himself quite lost. Madame de la Mole, although of so even a character, sometimes made fun of Julien. She deigned to manifest an interest in everything the minute the Baron de la Joumate was announced.
All the people in the cafe surrounded them. Julien gave one of the cards which had been flung at him the previous evening together with one of his own to a tall valet. They found there a tall young man who was dressed like a doll. His features presented the perfection and the lack of expression of Greek beauty. He intended to be insolent, but at the same time to exhibit good form. It was not his man of the day before. The perfectly mannered young man before him did not bear any resemblance to the vulgar fellow who had insulted him the previous day. Julien went out in a very bad temper. By chance Julien raised his eyes and recognised in the coachman his man of the day before. Julien received some blows from their fists. At the same moment, he cocked one of his little pistols and fired on them. They took to flight. The lieutenant of the 96th began to realise that M. de Beauvoisis was anxious to fight. "This time," he exclaimed, "there is ground for duel." The door of the carriage was open. The chevalier insisted on doing the honours to Julien and his friend. They talked about the dancers that the public had distinguished with its favour at the ballet presented the night before. Julien was not stupid enough to pretend to know them. One thing astonished Julien inordinately. The two gentlemen indulged in the luxury of several jests. According to them, the cure was the son of an archbishop. Julien got a ball in his arm. When Julien gave the name of M. de la Mole's hotel, the young diplomat and his friend exchanged looks. "By Jove, so a duel is only that," thought Julien. Julien owned to them that he had only been to the Opera once in his life. He was seen at the opera with the chevalier de Beauvoisis.
We had forgotten to say that the marquis had been confined to his house for six weeks by the gout. M. de la Mole, reduced to Julien's society, was astonished to find that he possessed ideas. He made him read the papers to him. There was a new paper which the marquis abhorred. Julien laughed. Julien did not quite gather what it was all about, but he tried a visit in the blue suit that very evening. The marquis treated him like an equal. When he got up to go, the marquis apologised for not being able to accompany him by reason of his gout. Julien presented himself to the marquis the next morning in his black suit, with his letter case and his letters for signature. They have too much affectation; he has not affectation enough; and fools take him for a fool." I treat him as a son. retorted the marquis irritably. That order will give me a sum of 3,000 francs. One day, at the end of a morning audience for the transaction of business, when the black suit was worn, Julien happened to amuse the marquis who kept him for a couple of hours, and insisted on giving him some banknotes which his nominee had just brought from the house. This incident amused the marquis. Some time afterwards the marquis was able to go out. He had struck up a friendship with some young Russian nobles who initiated him. The aristocracy doesn't joke in this country, thought Julien. "There's the only merry man I've seen in England," thought Julien to himself, as he left the prison. repeated the marquis sharply. "Now it is my turn," said the marquis. "Not bad," said the marquis laughing. This cross earned him a singular visit. He was going to be nominated mayor of Verrieres, and to supersede M. de Renal. Julien promised to write. "You ought, monsieur le Chevalier, to present me to M. the marquis de la Mole." "But a rascal like that!" Julien told the marquis everything. "With pleasure," answered the marquis gaily. "It shall be granted. M. de Valenod informed Julien that the manager of the lottery office at Verrieres had just died. It is he who deserves the cross.
"He lacks lightness of touch, but not brains," said mademoiselle de la Mole to her father, as she rallied him on the cross that he had given Julien. "Yes, but Julien has surprises, and that's what the de la Mole, whom you were referring to, has never been guilty of." It is just like the court of a sovereign prince. "How that big girl displeases me!" Her dress almost falls down to her shoulders, she is even paler than before she went away. "My dear Sorel," he said to him. "Very good. "My duty calls me," said Julien to himself. The young men with moustaches were scandalised. He was unable to get closer because of the crowd. She noticed in a corner far from the moving crowd, the comte Altamira who had been condemned to death in his own country and whom the reader knows already. He was nevertheless a man of wit and celebrated for being so. A crowd of moustachised young men had approached Mathilde. She was the queen of the ball.
Mathilde did not bother much about it. pursued Julien. "What is he driving at?" thought mademoiselle de la Mole. "What a fine ball," he said to the comte. Julien was in love with his conspirator. When he wrote his letters in the library the following day, his mind was still concentrated on his conversation with count Altamira. He tried to be polite and was certainly nothing more. Mathilde saw clearly that she had disturbed him, and that he would have preferred to have gone on thinking about what he had been engrossed in before her arrival, to speaking to her. Julien watched her walk. "As a matter of fact," said Julien to himself, "that black dress makes the beauty of her figure all the more striking. She has a queenly carriage; but why is she in mourning?" "I must read over again all the letters I have written this morning.
Letters of a Portuguese Nun. Julien reread his letters. My thoughts about Danton are not part of the sacrifice which her father pays me to make." Mathilde was looking at him with a singular expression. I defy her to do her worst. He then said to him with the utmost indifference, "I suppose mademoiselle de la Mole has inherited something from some uncle for whom she is in mourning." Mademoiselle's share has to do for all of them, and governs them. who was dying. At midnight on the following day she took that head in her carriage and went and buried it herself in a chapel at the foot of the hill at Montmartre." cried Julien really moved. himself, one of the cruellest assassins of the twenty-fourth August, 1572. It is strange that the marquise should allow such follies. He had long conversations with mademoiselle de la Mole, who would sometimes walk with him in the garden after dinner. I love that century." Mathilde came running back. she said to him. One day he brusquely interrupted her. he said to her. He is not paid to tell her his thoughts." She is haughty enough for that. He is brave and that is all. His days passed like hours.
One day the marquis de Croisenois returned to Mathilde a fairly compromising letter which she had written the previous night. She amused herself with the letters of these young men, but in her view they were all like each other. Where can a young, witty and beautiful girl of my own age find sensations if not in love? and Bassompierre. That love did not basely yield to obstacles, but, far from it, inspired great deeds.
She was careful not to answer, but hastened to rally her brother and the marquis de Croisenois on the apprehension which energy caused them. Her brother's words horrified her; they occasioned her much anxiety, but the day afterwards she regarded them as tantamount to the highest praise. "He must be a Danton!" But how would things stand if he had epaulettes?" This is the cause of the boredom of princes and of all their follies. Had it not been for the especial welcome with which Mathilde would greet him, and the curiosity with which all this society inspired him, he would have avoided following these brilliant moustachioed young men into the garden, when they accompanied mademoiselle de La Mole there, in the hour after dinner.
The following day he again caught Norbert and his sister talking about him. They are jealous of my poor little superiority in speaking. All he saw of it might be merely superficial. For instance, Mathilde would not have missed mass on Sunday for anything in the world. It was certainly not Norbert who read them. That young man must be desperately in love with money not to give the go-by to that girl, however rich she maybe, thought Julien. He had kept his departure a secret, but Mathilde knew, even better than he did himself, that he was going to leave Paris the following day for a long time. "You will receive a letter from me this evening," she said to him in a voice that was so changed that its tone was scarcely recognisable. An hour afterwards a footman gave Julien a letter. And he is so handsome. He showed him several stamped papers which had come from Normandy, and had no difficulty in convincing him that he was obliged to put off his departure for Languedoc in order to look after the Normandy lawsuits. Julien thought of leaving for Languedoc in spite of Mathilde's letter, and in spite of the explanation he had just given to the marquis. "How I should like to make him angry," said Julien. He has been promised a hundred napoleons. mademoiselle," he wrote to Mathilde, "is it mademoiselle de la Mole who gets Arsene her father's lackey to hand an only too flattering letter to a poor carpenter from the Jura, in order no doubt to make fun of his simplicity?" Music had never exalted him to such a pitch.
Am I         going to make myself contemptible? Mathilde thought she was in sight of happiness. Her real fear was that Julien was displeased with her. she said to herself. At that time Mathilde had been unable to sleep on those days when she had written one of her letters. What was more, he probably did not love her. Mathilde did not sleep a wink. He handed her his answer. He thought that it was his duty to speak to her, it was certainly perfectly feasible, but mademoiselle de la Mole would not listen to him and disappeared. He was extremely upset by this one, and had almost forgotten the incredible victory which had preceded this slight check, when about nine o'clock mademoiselle de la Mole appeared on the threshold of the library, flung him a letter and ran away. "The garden will be a useful place to hand her the letter," he thought after he had finished it, and he went there. At five o'clock Julien received a third letter. It was thrown to him from the library door. Mademoiselle de la Mole ran away again. He did not hurry to open this one. Be in the garden at the moment when one o'clock is striking. Take the big gardeners' ladder near the well; place it against my window, and climb up to my room.
"Why to be sure! Julien went up to his room again and began to pack his trunk whistling. "If by chance," he suddenly said to himself after he had closed his trunk, "Mathilde is in good faith, why then I cut the figure of an arrant coward in her eyes. I know it, I have heard them....  "On the other hand they're her letters. The idea of the ludicrous figure I should cut in the middle of them at the particular minute may have attracted them. "It's like a duel," he said to himself with a laugh. he said to himself. It was in vain that after dinner he made a point of walking for a long time in the garden, mademoiselle did not appear. What a difference also in the danger!" "For two or three years," he went on with a laugh, making fun of himself; but the idea paralysed him. Why! The evening was awful.
He went and took the immense ladder, waited five minutes to give her time to tell him not to go, and five minutes after one placed the ladder against Mathilde's window. He tried to kiss Mathilde. "For shame," she said to him, pushing him away. Mathilde said to him, delighted at finding something to talk about. "It is very big, and may break the windows of the salon down below or the room on the ground floor." "She actually dares to say that she is in love. Do I love her? He lowered it softly and leant far out of the balcony in order to avoid its touching the window pane. Why you will leave by the door," said Mathilde, delighted at the idea. Julien had just let the cord fall into the garden; Mathilde grasped his arm. "What is the good of my lying?" It was not, it was true, that soulful pleasure which he had sometimes found with madame de Renal. He mounted a horse and tried to find the most solitary spots in one of the forests near Paris. she said to herself.
The day after, and the subsequent day she showed the same coldness; she did not look at him, she did not notice his existence. Julien believed that he was her first lover. Courage was the primary quality in her character. He saluted respectfully and left. His habituation to unhappiness gave him a gleam of commonsense, he decided to leave for Languedoc, packed his trunk and went to the post. He booked it and returned to the Hotel de la Mole to announce his departure to the marquis. More dead than alive Julien went into the library to wait for him. "The first man who came along," cried Julien, and he made for an old mediaeval sword which was kept in the library as a curiosity. he said to himself, "how horrible." This idea transported her into the palmiest days of the age of Charles IX. She ran away. The marquis appeared; Julien hastened to announce his departure. He shut himself up in his room.
Her beautiful eyes fixed on         mine, and describes the love which she felt for         another.--_Schiller_. He thought in his madness of throwing himself at her feet. After dinner mademoiselle de la Mole, so far from avoiding Julien, spoke to him and made him promise to follow her into the garden. Mathilde gradually began to talk confidentially to him about the state of her heart. He saw that she was portraying what she had in her mind's eye. Mathilde struck him as adorable. These words immediately destroyed all the pleasure which mademoiselle de la Mole found in talking to him about the state of her heart. This contempt monopolised her mind the following day. It was now several days that Julien had avoided her, and the brilliant young men who had all that this pale sombre being she had once loved was lacking, had no longer the power of drawing her out of her reverie.
It had a striking resemblance to Julien. She fled to her room, shut herself up in it, and with much application made strenuous endeavours to draw Julien's portrait, but she was unable to succeed; the profile she had traced at random still remained the most like him. Her one idea was to catch sight of Julien, so that she might get her mother to request him to keep them company. As the result of this night of madness, she imagined that she had succeeded in triumphing over her love. He appreciated it. He saw Mathilde walking in the garden for a long time. This mistake is typical of a superior man. "What a memory I should leave her." He conjured up that charming room which he had seen, alas! He ran to the ladder. What does it matter? I will give her a kiss, one last kiss. He threw himself into the window more dead than alive. "So it is you, dear," she said as she rushed into his arms. She talked against herself to him and denounced herself. Mathilde burst out laughing at this idea. It was a whole tress of Mathilde's hair which she had cut off and thrown down to him. "That's what your servant sends you," she said to him in a fairly loud voice, "It is the sign of eternal gratitude. He appeared in the dining-room. Making an excuse of the little time that she had had to do her hair, Mathilde had arranged it in such a way that Julien could see at the first glance the full extent of the sacrifice that she had made for his sake, by cutting off her hair on the previous night. Julien was at the zenith of happiness.
The dinner bell rang, Julien had barely time to dress: he found Mathilde in the salon. He tried to study for a moment the people who were endeavouring to overwhelm him with their contempt. He tried, on the following day, to make himself and his horse dead tired with fatigue. "I know, monsieur, that you are anxious to speak to me." "I know, anyway; that is enough. But reason had no longer any control over his actions. She was rendered equally unhappy this morning by remorseful virtue and remorseful pride. He wanted to run away, but mademoiselle de la Mole took hold of his arm authoritatively. So she had been able to break with him for ever! "It was old Japanese," she said. "This vase," he said to her, "has been destroyed for ever. "One would really say," said madame de la Mole, as he went out of the room, "that this M. Sorel is quite proud of what he has just done." "It is a great lesson, anyway. thought Julien. "Is she any the less adorable for that?
The marquis summoned him; M. de la Mole looked rejuvenated, his eye was brilliant. "Let us discuss your memory a little," he said to Julien, "it is said to be prodigious. replied the marquis with sudden gravity. I am going to take you into a salon where a dozen persons will he assembled. "That was not one," answered Julien eagerly. The marquis took the paper. Julien thought he had the appearance and eloquence of a man who ruminated. At a sign from the marquis, Julien had remained at the lower end of the table. In order to keep himself in countenance, he began to cut quills. "This is strange," thought Julien. In endeavouring to form an opinion of the new comer, Julien was reduced to seeing what he could learn from his features and his appearance. I must admit that I am a very strange and very unhappy person."
The duke was a man of fifty dressed like a dandy and with a jerky walk. His arrival was the signal for the opening of the meeting. "I present to you M. the abbe Sorel," said the Marquis. The silence was profound, all eyes were fixed on Julien. He recited so well that the duke said at the end of twenty lines, "That is enough." From time to time they talked loudly in the next room. Julien's record ran to twenty-six pages. "There is no longer a Pitt, gentlemen," went on the speaker with all the despondency of a man who has given up all hope of bringing his listeners to reason. "Monsieur," said the president to Julien, "Go and make a precis in the next room of the beginning of the report which you have written out." Let us realise what has got to be crushed. Then you will be able to reckon on a foreign occupation.
The great personage continued. At the first war the minister of finance will write to his agents that there is no money to be had except for the cure. "What a good actor," thought Julien. Julien did not leave with M. de la Mole before three o'clock in the morning. The marquis seemed tired and ashamed. The marquis took Julien on the following day to a lonely chateau at a good distance from Paris. He got into a carriage alone. Julien had scarcely got out of the marquis's sight before he forgot his secret note and his mission, and only thought about Mathilde's disdain. At a village some leagues beyond Metz, the postmaster came and told him that there were no horses. He did not see any horses there. "That man looked strange though," thought Julien to himself. "And how about your luggage?" Julien was still in his first sleep when he was woken up with a start by the voices of two persons who were speaking in his room with utmost freedom. The men approached Julien to search the pockets of his travelling coat. He felt very tempted to kill them for thieves. The cure turned his head, Julien half opened his eyes. A quarter of an hour afterwards Julien pretended to have just woken up. Fortunately about four o'clock the duke wanted to take the air. It was in a room of this low class inn that Julien had the honour of reciting his four pages to the duke. "Reach the next posting station on foot. Get to Strasbourg as best you can and at half-past twelve on the twenty-second of the month (it was at present the tenth) come to this same coffee-house. Do not leave for half-an-hour.
He needed all the energy of his character to keep himself from sinking into despair. It was out of his power to think of anything unconnected with mademoiselle de la Mole. In thinking again about the adversaries and enemies whom he had met in his life he always thought that he, Julien, had been in the wrong. "What a lucky temperament," he said to himself, "and how his trousers suit him and how elegantly his hair is cut! What is wanted is an air of boredom. And he put his horse to the gallop. Full of a stupid admiration, Julien followed him. if I have been like that, she would not have preferred Croisenois to me!" The more his reason was offended by the grotesque affectations of the prince the more he despised himself for not having them. It was impossible for self-disgust to be carried further. See madame ----. She leaves off posing and dares to listen to her own heart; consequently two letters a day." "I will not marry the millions Korasoff offers me," he said to himself, "and I will follow his advice.
As soon as our hero had returned to Paris and had come out of the study of the marquis de La Mole, who seemed very displeased with the despatches that were given him, he rushed off for the comte Altamira. Julien solemnly confessed to him that he was very much in love with her. And Julien had to put up with the whole quotation. Julien shuddered lest he should want to sing it. Is she a prude tired of her role and only malicious because she is unhappy?" "Never, on my honour," cried Julien. The dinner hour was drawing near, he was going to see Mathilde again. Julien retired and shortly afterwards appeared dressed with the greatest care. Madame de la Mole was infinitely grateful to him for this mark of respect and made a point of manifesting her satisfaction by telling madame de Fervaques about his journey. The marechale announced that she was going to the Opera-Bouffe. Julien constantly looked at her. Mathilde had almost forgotten him during his journey. All mademoiselle de la Mole's ideas changed when she saw Julien. This evening was exactly what he had predicted. It was from her that Julien learned that the marquis was going to be a minister. He was literally faithful to the line of conduct which prince Korasoff had dictated, and placed himself every evening near madame Fervaques' armchair, but he found it impossible to think of a word to say to her.
Julien knew the place where the arrangement of the light suited madame de Fervaques' particular style of beauty. "Since he has bad enough taste," said mademoiselle de la Mole, "to talk so long and so ardently to madame de Fervaques, I shall not listen to him any more." Mathilde ended by losing her temper. Julien saw a note at the bottom of the first letter: No. It is really the only comedy that I can in any way appreciate. The muslin was so light that Julien could see through it. "Nevertheless how many conversions have begun like that!
It was only then that he remembered madame de Fervaque's letters which he had forgotten to give back to the grave Spaniard Don Diego Bustos. One morning a letter was delivered to Julien. M. Tanbeau's sinister soul was lacerated by the thought of Julien's success; "but since, on the other hand, a man of merit cannot be in two places at the same time any more than a fool," said the future professor to himself, "if Sorel becomes the lover of the sublime marechale, she will obtain some lucrative position for him in the church, and I shall be rid of him in the Hotel de la Mole."
One evening at the opera, when in madame de Fervaques' box, Julien spoke of the ballet of _Manon Lescaut_ in the most enthusiastic terms. His only reason for talking in that strain was the fact that he thought it insignificant. This fact has sufficiently piqued her to make her yield to the temptation to make me feel it." Julien was very astonished to find this letter almost tender. It had been the contrast between the apparent lightness of his conversation, and the sublime and almost apocalyptic profundity of his letters which had marked him out for favour. He did not say a single word to the marechale which was not a lie, or at any rate, an abominable travesty of his own way of thinking, which Mathilde knew so perfectly in every phase. This Machiavellianism impressed her. This reasoning was very logical.
Madame de Fervaques had begun reading Julien's long letters without any pleasure, but she now began to think about them; one thing, however, grieved her. It is heart-breaking." One day, madame de Fervaques, after having asked three times if there were any letters for her, suddenly decided to answer Julien. The lady gradually developed the sweet habit of writing nearly every day. Julien answered by faithful copies of the Russian letters; and such is the advantage of the bombastic style that madame de Fervaques was not a bit astonished by the lack of connection between his answers and her letters. One morning the porter was bringing into the library a letter to him from the marechale. She burst into tears, and soon seemed to Julien scarcely able to breathe. She trembled lest she might encounter a contemptuous expression. "So our proud lady is lying at my feet," said Julien to himself.
He picked up Mathilde, and without saying a word, put her back on the divan. Has madame de Fervaques robbed me of your heart? Mathilde tried to read the letters; her eyes were so wet with tears that it was impossible for her to do so. For a moment he forgot all he owed to himself. He was astonished by the extreme anguish in her eyes. Julien felt his strength desert him. I may entertain love for the marechale." Mathilde looked at him. He supported that look. He hoped, at any rate, that his expression had not betrayed him. He felt himself bathed in a love that penetrated even into the most secret recesses of his heart. exclaimed Mathilde. Madame de Fervaques saw these tears. she said to him. "And yet it is not their Opera day," thought Julien; "how eager she must be!" She wanted to see if Julien would pass the evening with the marechale.
Julien rushed into madame de la Mole's box. Mathilde placed her hand on Julien's; she seemed to have forgotten all fear of her mother. Little by little he regained his self-possession. "Frighten her!" he repeated proudly, and he had cause to be proud. He knew quite well that Mathilde would be in the library at eight o'clock in the morning of the following day. "Keep her obsessed by this great doubt. She had the courage to take her hand away from Julien to cover her eyes with it. Mathilde saw that he was pensive. Julien kissed her, but at the same time the iron hand of duty gripped his heart. He managed on this and the following days to conceal his inordinate happiness. In the evening she rallied him with a laugh on his fancy for madame de Fervaques.
Mathilde loved for the first time in her life. But now, as soon as one of these gentlemen had been speaking to her for some moments, she found she had a question to put to Julien, and she made this an excuse for keeping him by her side. She discovered that she was _enceinte_ and joyfully informed Julien of the fact. This announcement struck Julien with profound astonishment. "Great heavens, what are you going to do?" said Julien in alarm. "But he will pack me off in disgrace." Julien was thunderstruck and requested her to put it off for a week. Mathilde yielded. Was he going to be separated from Mathilde? "Julien respected me. It is his right and it is my duty. He is the father of         my child. "What am I to do?" That is more than as if he had given me a million. "The marquis wants to see you at once, dressed or not dressed."
Julien found the marquis furious. He loaded Julien with all the insults that came to his lips. But I owe it to him to answer. What! Very early the next day, Julien was several leagues away from Paris and knocked at the door of the severe Jansenist. said Julien keenly. "M. de la Mole can have me put to death," and he mentioned the suicide letter which he had left with the Marquis; (2) "He can get Count Norbert to challenge me to a duel, and shoot at me point blank." At Paris, Mathilde was in despair. She was to be Madame Sorel, and was either to live with her husband in poverty in Switzerland, or with her father in Paris. de la Mole's passionate character, rely for a minute on her keeping any secret which she did not herself wish to preserve? "It is true," said the marquis pensively. he said to himself. "We must give up all faith in prudence.
--_The Globe_. Madame de La Mole and the whole household believed that Julien was travelling in the provinces in connection with the administration of the estates; he was in hiding in the parsonage of the abbe Pirard and saw Mathilde every day; every morning she would spend an hour with her father, but they would sometimes go for weeks on end without talking of the matter which engrossed all their thoughts. "I don't want to know where the man is," said the marquis to her one day. The marquis de La Mole." This gift was an extreme surprise to Julien. He pictured a time when both his wife and himself would have an income of 36,000 francs. He is very far from being a character like Louis XL. Mathilde protests to the contrary.... "No, monsieur Julien, that is a point on which I am not going to be under any illusion. To think of pressing his arm in the garden in the evening! Shortly after that period, which I entreat         you not to prolong, your daughter will only be able to         appear in public under the name of Madame de la Vernaye.
Might not the marquis himself have written to him in a momentary caprice. "The marquis adds this: 'M. He embraced the abbe. "For shame," said M. Pirard, pushing him away. Julien was already cold and haughty. He expressed his thanks, but in the vaguest terms which bound him to nothing. He nevertheless devoted a great part of his time to attending to his external appearance. A few minutes afterwards, Julien obtained a furlough from the colonel, and left Strasbourg at full gallop. She climbed into the fiacre with Julien. "Where is Madame de Renal's letter?" I did not want to shew it to you before you were prepared for it." He is just and prudent. He entered the shop of the local gunsmith, who overwhelmed him with congratulations on his recent good fortune. Julien had much difficulty in making him understand that he wanted a pair of pistols. Julien entered the new church of Verrieres. Julien found himself some spaces behind the pew of madame de Renal.
Pray for         my soul.--_Schiller_   Julien remained motionless. When he recovered himself a little he noticed all the faithful rushing from the church. He fell. Madame de Renal was not mortally wounded. A judge appeared in the prison. "I occasioned death by premeditation," said Julien to him. I deserve death, and I expect it." My revenge was ghastly, like the         pain of being separated from you. He was silent, but remained. M. Julien you are a good fellow at heart, and you will be very glad to learn that madame de Renal is better." "What! she is not dead?" "Leave me," he said brusquely. What mattered the hypocrisies of the priests? It was only then that Julien began to repent of the crime that he had committed. He had no doubt about the condemnation which awaited him. I deserve to be killed."
The good old man could not add a single word. And the old man left off weeping. "You must not fatigue him," he said to Julien, who understood that he was the nephew. If this weakness increases, it will be better for me to kill myself. His one idea, so far as he had any at all, was to sell all he possessed in order to bribe the gaoler and secure Julien's escape. He talked to him at length of M. de Lavalette's escape. But the judge was a pedant above everything. He concealed his feelings out of respect for misfortune.
At the same time a woman dressed like a peasant rushed into his arms. said Julien. In any case, she thought it would be of some use to her cause if she produced a great impression on the people. Mathilde felt herself at Paris. It was the work of a few minutes for M. de Frilair to induce Mathilde to confess to him that she was the daughter of his powerful opponent, the marquis de la Mole. "Madame de Fervaques' friend will find nothing impossible in this town." But he in his turn dumbfounded Mathilde when he informed her that the special feature in Julien's strange adventure which astonished and interested Besancon society, was that he had formerly inspired Madame de Renal with a grand passion and reciprocated it for a long time. What would have been simpler than to hide himself in the garden of M. de Renal which he knows so well.
His moral discomfort when with Mathilde was proportionately emphasized by the fact that he inspired her at this time with the maddest and most extraordinary passion. She talked of nothing but the strange sacrifices that she was ready to make in order to save him. Julien thought himself somewhat unworthy of so much devotion. For he, too, would have sacrificed all his fortune, and have exposed his life to the greatest risks in order to save Julien. Madame de Renal will look after the nurse." "What? You will be a widow, and the widow of a madman--that is all.
What do I care for other people? Seeing the judge and the advocate is more than enough." He never spoke to Fouque about madame de Renal, but his friend told him two or three times that she was rapidly recovering, and these words reverberated in his heart. The journal published the names of the jurymen throughout the department, and to her husband's unspeakable terror, madame de Renal wished to go to Besancon.
the women asked of         the men of their acquaintance, and they could be seen to         grow pale as they waited for the answer.--_Sainte Beuve_. The day that madame de Renal and Mathilde feared so much arrived at last. There had been no room left in the inns for some days. Julien had slept well. Up to the present, he had felt himself steeped in an unadulterated contempt for all the persons who were present at the trial. Julien shuddered. God knows what he will say about it to madame de Renal." "And you?" he thought. "Gentlemen of the jury! He was followed by all the jurors. This verdict involved the death penalty, which was pronounced a moment afterwards.
CHAPTER LXXII[1]   When Julien was taken back to prison he had been taken into a room intended for those who were condemned to death. He has no pity (and he remembered several passages in the Bible) he will punish me atrociously. "But still, what fine prospects? Guillotined in three days' time." Do you think that Boniface de la Mole would have cut a better figure before his judges?" "And who is there?" "I shall not appeal." Well, so be it--good." In spite of himself, and though he made frequent answers to what Mathilde was saying, he could not take his mind away from the thought of the bedroom at Verrieres.
CHAPTER LXXIII   When he was deep asleep an hour afterwards, he was woken up by feeling tears flow over his hand. It was madame de Renal. Julien covered her with kisses. "It is nothing," she said to him. She leant on Julien, who was on his knees, and they cried silently for a long time. "And how about that young madame Michelet?" "It is only superficially true," answered Julien. The letter written to M. de la Mole had been drafted by the young priest who directed Madame de Renal's conscience, and had been subsequently copied by her, "What a horrible thing religion has made me do," she said to him, "and even so I softened the most awful passages in the letter." Madame de Renal's expression suddenly changed. The priest wanted to embrace Julien, and began to wax pathetic as he spoke to him.
He gradually admitted to himself that if madame de Renal had been at Besancon he would have confessed his weakness to her. Eventually Mathilde, after having tried to melt him by every possible argument, left him alone. His father had been announcing that he would come and see him for some time past: the old white-haired carpenter appeared in Julien's cell before he woke up. Julien could not restrain his tears. Julien felt cynical. I will give a thousand francs to each of my brothers and the rest to you." One evening Julien seriously thought of taking his own life. About as comforting as a chevalier de Beauvoisis. "That is what makes me lonely, and not the absence of a God who is just, good and omnipotent, devoid of malice, and in no wise greedy of vengeance."
No words can do justice to the madness and extravagance of Julien's love. By means of gold, and by using and abusing the influence of her aunt, who was devout, rich and well-known, madame de Renal managed to see him twice a day. A furious and impotent jealousy, a prolonged and hopeless unhappiness (for even supposing Julien was saved, how was she to win back his heart? "With publicity," repeated Julien. Now I am living from day to day. This idea of going to Paris is not your own. Take it from me that she has done all that is humanly possible. Julien came to find the bad air of the cell unbearable. I shall not be seen to flinch." He had made his arrangements in advance for Fouque to take Mathilde and madame de Renal away on the morning of his last day. He heard Mathilde walking feverishly about the room. When Fouque could bring himself to look at her, she had placed Julien's head on a little marble table in front of her, and was kissing it on the forehead. She did not try to make any attempt upon her life; but she died embracing her children, three days after Julien. THE END.
Such is M. de Renal, the mayor of Verrieres. The tyranny of public opinion (and what public opinion!) is as _stupid_ in the little towns of France as in the United States of America. CHAPTER II  A MAYOR           Importance! The respect of         fools, the wonder of children, the envy of the rich, the         contempt of the wise man.--_Barnave_   Happily for the reputation of M. de Renal as an administrator an immense wall of support was necessary for the public promenade which goes along the hill, a hundred steps above the course of the Doubs. The sun is very warm in these mountains. They owe their rapid growth and their fine verdure with its almost bluish shade to the new soil, which M. the mayor has had placed behind his immense wall of support for (in spite of the opposition of the Municipal Council) he has enlarged the promenade by more than six feet (and although he is an Ultra and I am a Liberal, I praise him for it), and that is why both in his opinion and in that of M. Valenod, the fortunate Director of the workhouse of Verrieres, this terrace can brook comparison with that of Saint-Germain en Laye. This young ecclesiastic was sent to Besancon some years ago to keep watch on the abbe Chelan and some cures in the neighbouring districts. This is the great word which is all decisive at Verrieres. It was on a fine, autumn day that M. de Renal was taking a promenade on the Cours de la Fidelite with his wife on his arm. About three o'clock these gentlemen went to finish their inspection of the workhouse and then returned to the prison. Appert?" It will impress people. She loved M. de Renal most when he talked about his projects for their children.
Father Sorel (for it was he) was very surprised, and even more pleased at the singular offer which M. de Renal made him for his son Julien. The latter made his way towards the shed. He entered it and looked in vain for Julien in the place where he ought to have been by the side of the saw. Nothing was more anti-pathetic to old Sorel. A violent blow made the book which Julien held, go flying into the stream; a second blow on the head, equally violent, which took the form of a box on the ears, made him lose his balance. He had tears in his eyes, less by reason of the physical pain than on account of the loss of his beloved book. "What shall I get for that?" Julien saw them afterwards, each one leaning on his axe and holding counsel. "I must give all that up," he said to himself, "rather than let myself be reduced to eating with the servants. He derived this repugnance from the _Confessions_ of Rousseau. This circumstance explained a lot to the old peasant. He asked immediately, with quite an air of assurance, to see the suit which would be given to his son. He finished his last bow with these words:  "I will send my son to the Chateau." Julien was astonished at not being beaten and hastened to leave. He considered that it would assist the role played by his hypocrisy to go and say a prayer in the church. Julien shuddered. said Julien.
"What! Madame de Renal thought that Julien looked extremely wicked. You will talk sensibly to him. What a difference between him and me, thought Julien. In saying this, he dared to take Madame de Renal's hand and carry it to his lips. In spite of all his distrust of destiny and mankind, his soul at this moment was as simple as that of a child. said M. de Renal to his wife. The hour that Julien spent in his room seemed only a minute to Madame de Renal. He was introduced to the children and spoke to them in a manner that astonished M. de Renal himself. Julien knew no other Latin except his Bible. "What praise of honesty," he exclaimed. Madame de Renal's housemaid, Elisa, had lost no time in falling in love with the young tutor. He said publicly, that it was not becoming for a young abbe to be such a fop. Tormented by the idea of Julien's poverty, Madame de Renal spoke to her husband about giving him some linen for a present. She had no experience of the world and never bothered to keep up the conversation. It is only a matter of a few louis to enable you to get some linen. "The Mayor," went on Julien, "has given me on five occasions sums of thirty-six francs since I have been living in his house. He was far from seeing anything in them in the nature of a fancy for himself personally. He is going to humiliate Julien, and it is my fault! After a month of careful preparation Julien witnessed the success of this idea. The suggestion was to contribute to the fortune of a Liberal by taking a subscription at the bookseller's. She grew pale and asked him to leave off. This made her feel uneasy, for her woman's instinct caused her to realise that this embarrassment was not inspired by any tenderness. All rascals look to the religious order for support, and hypocrisy has made firm progress even among the Liberal classes. One's ennui is doubled. It was, thanks to this ignorance, that Madame de Renal, although incessantly absorbed in Julien, was perfectly happy, and never thought of reproaching herself in the slightest. Julien." "Can I be in love with Julien?" Madame de Renal found the sight of the country novel: her admiration reached the point of enthusiasm. M. de Renal had returned to the town, for mayoral business, two days after their arrival in Vergy. This is the barbarous name which Julien taught Madame de Renal. Madame had never taken so much trouble with her dress, even at carnival time, when there is a ball at Verrieres, she would say; she changes her gowns two or three times a day. Certain remarks of Napoleon about women, several discussions about the merits of the novels which were fashionable in his reign, furnished him now for the first time with some ideas which any other young man of his age would have had for a long time. The dog days arrived. The darkness was profound. The hand was quickly removed, but Julien thought it a point of duty to secure that that hand should not be removed when he touched it.
Night came. In his mortal anguish, he would have preferred any danger whatsoever. He had accomplished his duty, and a heroic duty too. He half thought of answering Julien by turning him out of the house straight away. "He is right to be angry," she answered. Julien changed colour. Julien seized the box without thanking her or saying a single word, and ran into his room, where he lit a fire and immediately burnt it. The servants were ten yards off engaged in making the beds. At these words M. de Renal saw Julien installed with M. Valenod. Starting from the day after to-morrow which is the first of the month." "He is on the very point," said M. de Renal to himself, "of giving an answer to Valenod. Julien took breath for a moment in the shade of these great rocks, and then he began again to climb. The second one is devoid of merit, I must find out the why and the wherefore. He took his accustomed seat next to Madame de Renal. She hastened to give her hand to Julien, and at the same time to push him back a little. This madness will be fleeting. That would be real Napoleon. She found herself confronted with the horrible idea that Julien loved another woman. "Is it you he loves?" Madame de Renal was extremely troubled. To complete her anguish, M. de Renal and Madame Derville talked of nothing but Julien's departure. "If my husband, who does not know how deeply he has wounded Julien, thinks that he will leave us, what can I think myself?" said Madame de Renal to herself. Leaning his head on his two hands, Julien stayed in the grotto, more happy than he had ever been in his life, thrilled by his dreams, and by the bliss of his freedom. He quite astonished his friend when he knocked at his door at one o'clock in the morning. Julien told him, but in a suitable way, the events of the previous day. This offer upset Julien. Fouque had the highest opinion of the gifts and character of Julien. Fouque did not return to the subject. His friend's offers had robbed him of it. It is, however very pretty, is that hand. She saw her speak to Julien. So far from his being proud, or even grateful for the sentiment that Madame de Renal was betraying that evening by only too evident signs, he was almost insensible to her beauty, her elegance, and her freshness. It was precisely as a young workman, blushing up to the whites of his eyes, standing by the door of the house and not daring to ring, that he made the most alluring appeal to Madame de Renal's imagination. "I absolutely must leave, for I love you passionately. He told M. de Renal that he was going to Verrieres to see the cure. Julien congratulated himself on his subtlety in exploiting the dismissal of the cure of Verrieres so as to leave himself a loop-hole for returning to commerce in the event of a gloomy prudence routing the spirit of heroism from his mind. His absence had caused his clumsiness to be forgotten. He thus deprived himself of all possibility of taking her hand. Julien forgot his useless plans, and turned to his natural role. This was Julien's first thought as he entered his room. Have I played my part well?"
"Could it be that he does not love me?" Prudence at last compelled her to return to her room. His love leaned on him and looked at him. Who is to replace him? Julien no longer dared to surrender himself to his dreams. The memory of his mistress's charms distracted Julien from his black ambition. she said to Julien. M. de Renal arrived during the night and found the town in a commotion. Who was to command the Guard of Honour? "Her love is being over-shadowed by the happiness of receiving a King in her house. Having settled the questions of the guards of honour, and of the public welcome finished, the mayor had now to organise a great religious ceremony. A Jansenist, by the Lord." He is capable of covering us with ridicule in the eyes of the Liberals, simply in order to amuse himself." He dressed quickly and followed M. Chelan, who was going to pay a call on the young bishop of Agde. He read at the bottom of the first page "To His Excellency M. le Marquis de la Mole, peer of France, Chevalier of the Orders of the King, etc. "He is just. "She thinks that she is killing her son by loving me, and all the same the unhappy woman loves me more than her son. Heaven is punishing me. Leave her? He is so coarse that he is bound to speak harshly to her. Besancon will talk of the scandal. Such a humiliation in the eyes of all is perhaps to be regarded as a public penitence. Is it in my power to love you like that?" That is all there is left for me to do. I love a man who is not my husband." She found Valenod very piqued against Julien. And to fill the cup of his jealousy, Madame de Renal adored that lover. Elisa had only become certain in the country, but she believed that this intrigue dated from much further back. And to think what a fool I was when I went to consult Madame de Renal and begged her to speak to the tutor." The very same evening, M. de Renal received from the town, together with his paper, a long anonymous letter which apprised him in the greatest detail of what was taking place in his house. Great God! "Is there an anonymous letter? As         for you, go for a walk with the children, on the road to         the great woods, and do not come back before dinner-time. As he came out of his room, he met his pupils with their mother. she asked him. Julien remained motionless. The insolent wretch will insinuate in a thousand and one ways that he has spoken the truth. She regained her calmness as though by magic, and she entered the garden and saw her husband in the distance. "He will go very far in the future! Consumed by the need of venting his feelings on something, he crumpled up the paper of the second anonymous letter and began to walk about with huge strides. Madame de Renal let him speak and he spoke for a long time. He gave me to understand that he was quite aware of her secret visits." has there been anything between Elisa and Valenod?" "Will you swear to me," said Madame de Renal quite gravely, "never to quarrel with the director of the workhouse about these letters?" "It is necessary for Julien to travel. Valenod." "The anonymous printed letter and Valenod's letters are written on the same paper." There was still a touch of anger in his intonation. It showed at the same time respect for M. de Renal, veneration for the public of Verrieres and gratitude to the distinguished sub-prefect. He asked for the honour of being introduced to Madame Valenod. Julien was sharply brought back to his role. Julien looked at the flushed faces of the ladies. He is shrewdly blamed by the best commentators. Julien kissed him with tears in his eyes. He was convinced that the whole town was busy with himself and Julien. The manners of those people were offensive to M. de Renal. He had made three journeys to Besancon. His wife declared to him that she wanted to have Julien in her house; her vanity was intoxicated with the idea. Such being his position M. Valenod imagined in advance a decisive scene with his old colleague M. de Renal. He became cold and reserved. M. de Renal took the mail to Besancon. M. Maslon has promised him that he shall have it for three hundred francs; and, as the mayor kicked, he has been summoned to the bishop's palace by M. the Grand Vicar de Frilair." "Three hundred and twenty francs," shouted out the other. "Why here we have a spy of the mayor," he added, designating Julien. "How monstrous," said a big man on Julien's left. She would have sacrificed her life without hesitation to save that of her husband if she had seen him in danger. The day after his arrival, the abbe Chelan summoned Julien to him at six o'clock in the morning. Madame de Renal was, for the moment, under the illusion that Julien would accept the offer of Valenod and stay at Verrieres. This is too much." Conversely, it was essential for M. de Renal's prestige that Julien should leave Verrieres to enter the seminary of Besancon or that of Dijon. Next morning, M. de Renal received quite early an anonymous letter. During the short absence of three days, Madame de Renal was the victim of one of the cruellest deceptions to which love is liable. In this moment she only had one thought--"I see him for the last time." "But," Julien would answer his mistress's cold protestations, "Great Heavens! Madame de Renal was petrified, and at a loss for an answer. It was in vain that Julien said to her.
It was the citadel of Besancon. "All the gentlemen who go to the Seminary pass here before the cafe every Thursday in the summer at five o'clock." One of her lovers had appeared at the cafe door. He looked at Julien. This uncertainty kept him on the boulevard in the front of the cafe for an hour; he kept looking if his man was coming out. I am going to enter the seminary, as I leave you."
His legs seemed to give way beneath him. Julien raised his eyes with an effort, and in a voice rendered quavering by the beating of his heart explained that he desired to speak to M. Pirard, the director of the Seminary. His heart was beating violently. Julien had only lost the use of his eyes and the power of movement. The conversation continued in Latin. And by the side of this imprudent knowledge, nothing about the Fathers to compensate for that tendency." he said to Julien in French, pointing with his finger to the floor. They hate me by reason of kindness         and good-humour. He hastened to brush his clothes and run down. Instead of trying to justify himself Julien crossed his arms over his breast. He worked a great deal and rapidly succeeded in learning things which were extremely useful to a priest, extremely false in his own eyes, and devoid of the slightest interest for him. Adieu, Julien. Julien changed colour when Fouque said to him,  "Do you know, by the by, that your pupils' mother has become positively devout." "How presumptuous I was at Verrieres," said Julien to himself. It is enough to put the labours of Hercules into the shade. The way in which he would move his eyes and hold his mouth did not betoken that implicit faith which is ready to believe everything and undergo everything, even at the cost of martyrdom. That's what my father is." The spies of the abbe Castanede had stolen the address. Heaven wishes it to be so, so as to show life such as it is to the young priests, and fill them with disgust for the world and all its pomps." "I must take part in these conversations," said Julien to himself.
He must be very suspicious of me. He saw in the distance the abbe Chas-Bernard on the threshold of his beloved cathedral. Julien saw that he would have to climb the ladder himself. His agility served him in good stead. "He is happy. It is a gift of Madame de Rubempre. The sight of you would be sure to horrify her. He wanted to present him to the Bishop. Julien had not emerged from the deep reverie in which the episode in the cathedral had plunged him, when the severe abbe Pirard summoned him. Heaven knows that I have been so in spite of myself. But what is the good of enumerating his friends and his enemies? It had occurred to Fouque to send a stag and a boar to the seminary as though they came from Julien's parents. Any one _who has anything_ stays in the country here." Julien answered brilliantly. M. de la Mole, a little dumbfounded at the demeanour of the other side, and appreciating also that his own advocates were slackening their efforts, asked advice of the abbe Chelan, who put him in communication with M. Pirard. The latter felt outraged by such insolence, and on the part of a little Jansenist into the bargain. You only require to say         so, monsieur, to accept in your own name one of the best         livings in the environs of Paris. He loved the abbe Pirard. "_That also will be noticed,_" said the ex-director of the seminary coldly. "Go to the Palace. He prostrated himself. The Bishop of Besancon, a man whose spirit had been tried but not broken by the long miseries of the emigration, was more than seventy-five years old and concerned himself infinitely little with what might happen in ten years' time. He succeeded. "Ah, it is the Benjamin of the abbe Pirard," said the Bishop with a laugh, as he looked at M. de Frilair. "To be sent here?" They make me fear that they will cost some man his life. "This," he thought, "is the result of M. Pirard's resignation. It is known over the whole house, and I pass for his favourite. "What is the meaning of this? Finally the little seminarist said to him with a laugh,  "Cornelii Taciti opera omnia (complete works of Tacitus)." Nobody in the seminary took the ex-director's admonition seriously. The Bishop had invited him to dinner, and in order to chaff his Grand Vicar de Frilair, endeavoured to make him shine. This was great news for fine Besancon society. For the first time in his life he was politely received by them.
"Send this journey money to Julien Sorel. Let him come to me." Will that be enough for you?" "This room is not occupied by Madame de Renal. He leaned his long ladder beside the window, and himself knocked on the shutter, at first softly, and then more strongly. This authoritative tone dominated Madame de Renal's heart in spite of herself. She did not answer. As for him, he wept bitterly. I am going to Paris." Instead of going away Julien, drunk with pleasure, asked Madame de Renal to let him pass the day in her room and leave the following night. But supposing her husband were to see the ladder just now, the incident might be awful. She had a vague idea that she ought to take leave of life but what mattered her duty? said Julien. It was M. de Renal. She finally opened the door to her husband who was boiling with rage. An hour later he was a league from Verrieres on the Geneva road.
I refused. "It is rectified at last. The conversation was endless. Get on." The abbe explained to him coldly the kind of life which he was to expect at M. de la Mole's. He is a man who only acts by his whim. That is his weakness. The abbe turned round to Julien and presented him. M. de Renal would have thought himself dishonoured for ever by doing one-hundredth part of what the Marquis de la Mole has just done for me. Rendered somewhat nervous by the extreme magnificence of the salon Julien did not hear what M. de la Mole was saying. The marquise scarcely deigned to look at him. Conversation takes place in a low voice in Paris and little details are not exaggerated. he thought. Count Norbert put in an appearance in the library about three o'clock. The marquis, wishing to favour him with a few words at dinner, asked him for news of his excursion. He was a nephew of the academician who was a friend of Madame de la Mole, and intended to take up the profession of letters. They were at the Place Louis XVI. When he talked to his father over the dinner from one end of the table to the other, he did justice to Julien's courage. All their customs seemed strange to him, and he was cognizant of none of them. If everything in the aristocratic salon of the Hotel de la Mole seemed strange to Julien, that pale young man in his black suit seemed in his turn very strange to those persons who deigned to notice him. The marquis was charming to his wife. It was only later that Julien fathomed these secrets. In spite of the prevailing good form, perfect politeness, and desire to please, _ennui_ was visible in every face. In the middle of this magnificence and this boredom Julien was interested in nothing except M. de la Mole. As a favour, obtain permission for me to go and get a forty sous' dinner in some obscure inn." He will go out, just as you see him, in the worst winter weather, and be at the door of one of his friends by seven o'clock in the morning. "Sainclair comes here in order to get into the academy," said Norbert. "Julien left the vicinity of the sofa." thought Julien. Bilious Jansenist as he was, and believing as he did in the duty of Christian charity, his life was a perpetual conflict. The good fellow was still pale from this great business. "Yet," he thought, "those are the unborn hopes of the party of which the marquis is one of the chiefs. The abbe Pirard motioned to Julien from some distance off; M. de la Mole had just said something to him. Julien was deeply touched, she had the eyes and the expression of madame de Renal.
This was the stage Julien had reached, when after several months of probation the steward of the household handed him the third quarter of his wages. The marquis had given him a horse. When he went out with the master of the riding school he was almost invariably thrown. The marquis needed a chief of staff who would put all his money affairs into clear and lucid order. Madame de la Mole, although of so even a character, sometimes made fun of Julien. The man in the tail-coat immediately addressed him in the lowest and most insulting language. The man in the tail-coat hearing this repeated several times, flung five or six cards in Julien's face. Where was he to find a second? "Agreed," said Julien quite delighted; and they went to find M. de Beauvoisis at the address indicated on his card at the end of the Faubourg Saint Germain. By chance Julien raised his eyes and recognised in the coachman his man of the day before. "Turn that rascal out," he said to his lackeys. The chevalier insisted on doing the honours to Julien and his friend. The duel was over in a minute. "By Jove, so a duel is only that," thought Julien. That very evening the chevalier de Beauvoisis and his friend said everywhere that this M. Sorel who was, moreover, quite a charming young man, was a natural son of an intimate friend of the marquis de la Mole. Julien almost paid court to the chevalier. He was seen at the opera with the chevalier de Beauvoisis. "Well," said M. de la Mole to him one day, "so here you are, the natural son of a rich gentleman of Franche-Comte, an intimate friend of mine." "M. de Beauvoisis did not fancy having fought a duel with the son of a carpenter." We had forgotten to say that the marquis had been confined to his house for six weeks by the gout. The marquis treated him like an equal. Julien presented himself to the marquis the next morning in his black suit, with his letter case and his letters for signature. M. de la Mole, being reduced to the society of this little abbe, tried to teach him. The occasion was marked by a complete frankness between the marquis and the protege. He is original. retorted the marquis irritably. Business was never talked when Julien appeared in the evening in his blue suit. It is not that Julien was a man of sensibility as the phrase is understood at Paris, but he was not a monster, and no one since the death of the old major had talked to him with so much kindness. He observed that the marquis showed a politeness and consideration for his own personal feelings which he had never found in the old surgeon. This incident amused the marquis. The rage of the aristocracy prevented him from being bored. repeated the marquis sharply. This cross earned him a singular visit. He was going to be nominated mayor of Verrieres, and to supersede M. de Renal. The baron seemed to remember their former rivalry, and was impenetrable. Julien promised to write. Julien told the marquis everything. "If that is the case, I ask for my father the post of director of the workhouse," answered Julien, coldly. M. de Valenod informed Julien that the manager of the lottery office at Verrieres had just died. It is he who deserves the cross.
Julien did not answer. When he arrived at the ball in the evening, he was struck with the magnificence of the Hotel de Retz. That is the art of alluring." She was a cousin of Mathilde. A happy expression succeeded the palpable boredom of her face. He is connected with all that is best in all parties. and he told her the history of his conspiracy, abortive, ridiculous and absurd. The only bourgeois are some peers and perhaps one or two Juliens. They talked about apoplexy. "Yes," he was saying to comte Altamira as he passed by her, "Danton was a real man." "Yes, in the eyes of certain persons," Julien answered her with the most thinly disguised expression of contempt. The idea occurred to her of following the conversation between Julien and the man who had been condemned to death. The embroidery seemed to attract his attention. "They are not scoundrels," replied Count Altamira. "Is it possible?" She was deeply shocked; but she found herself unable to forget Julien; she dragged her brother away and went off in a temper. Mathilde, who was in a bad temper was cruel, and made an enemy of him. When he wrote his letters in the library the following day, his mind was still concentrated on his conversation with count Altamira. Julien watched her walk. He enjoyed the contrast of her present dress with the elegant magnificence of the previous night. She has a queenly carriage; but why is she in mourning?"
Julien reread his letters. he said to himself. "I must confess...." he said to the academician while he continued to question him with his look. "And where?" said Julien in astonishment. What struck her in this political catastrophe, was the hiding of Queen Marguerite de Navarre in a house in the place de Greve and her then asking for her lover's head. At midnight on the following day she took that head in her carriage and went and buried it herself in a chapel at the foot of the hill at Montmartre." "Mademoiselle Mathilde despises her brother because, as you see, he does not bother one whit about this ancient history, and never wears mourning on the thirtieth of April. The first prince of the blood and Henri IV. He had long conversations with mademoiselle de la Mole, who would sometimes walk with him in the garden after dinner. I love that century." Julien remained alone in the garden. she said to him. Perhaps she hates him because she sees in him a future husband. "She is acting in concert with her brother to make a fool of me. He is brave and that is all. and Bassompierre. "My little Julien on the other hand only likes to act alone. "He must be a Danton!" de Caylus, Croisenois, de Luz and her brother; these gentlemen joined in censuring Julien for his priestly demeanour, which they said was humble and hypocritical. Julien heard his name distinctly pronounced twice. He appeared. de Caylus, de Croisenois, de Luz, and one of their friends, manifested an icy coldness to Julien.
Then in order to complete the charm he thought her a Catherine de' Medici. That young man must be desperately in love with money not to give the go-by to that girl, however rich she maybe, thought Julien. The marquis had just entrusted him with the administration of a number of small estates and houses which he possessed in Lower Languedoc. Yesterday, for instance, her bad temper was very real, and I had the pleasure of seeing her snub, thanks to her favour for me, a young man who is as noble and as rich as I am a poor scoundrel of a plebeian. "No, Julien has no feeling for me," said Mathilde to herself, in a state of real unhappiness. An hour afterwards a footman gave Julien a letter. It was quite simply a declaration of love. "And I--I am going to seduce his daughter! "We will begin by quoting the most vivid passages from the letter of the sublime Mathilde." He has been promised a hundred napoleons. "To arms," exclaimed Julien. He went and bought an enormous Bible from a Protestant bookseller, skillfully hid Mathilde's letter in the cover, and packed it all up. He heard his friend Geronimo sing. she said to herself. to a man of the lowest social grade. And she was going to make him her lover, perhaps her master. She believed that Julien had no respect for nobility of blood. "Everything is bound to be extraordinary in the life of a girl like me," exclaimed Mathilde impatiently. It was at this moment that Julien's departure precipitated everything. He looked at the window of mademoiselle de la Mole's room. It was thrown to him from the library door. Be in the garden at the moment when one o'clock is striking. "Why to be sure! The devil! He had decided to leave and not even to answer. he said at last. Mademoiselle de la Mole is the object of so much jealousy. How can I tell? Where are they to find discreet subordinates in Paris? Fouque was only to open it in the event of an accident. It was in vain that after dinner he made a point of walking for a long time in the garden, mademoiselle did not appear. The evening was awful. There was nothing unusual. "So there you are, monsieur," said Mathilde to him with considerable emotion. "She actually dares to say that she is in love. Julien had tied the cord to the last rung of the ladder. Finally he feared that he might reproach himself in the future for this lack of prudence, and did look. she said at last. thought Julien, and he confessed all his suspicions. She appeared delighted to find a topic of conversation. If Mathilde thought it preferable for him always to come by a ladder, then he would expose himself to that paltry danger with a heart intoxicated with joy. As she listened to him speaking, Mathilde was shocked by this air of triumph. She had decided that if he should dare to come to her room by the help of the gardener's ladder according to his instructions, she would be entirely his.
She came for a minute into the salon in the evening, but did not look at Julien. "He has an immense dominion over me since his reign is one of terror, and he is capable, if I provoke him, of punishing me with an awful penalty." He accomplished easily enough what he believed to be a duty; he was very far from thinking himself much in love with mademoiselle de la Mole. "I am horrified at having given myself to the first man who came along," said Mathilde crying with rage against herself. "The first man who came along," cried Julien, and he made for an old mediaeval sword which was kept in the library as a curiosity. and of Henri III. The marquis appeared; Julien hastened to announce his departure. "Where to?" Julien bowed and retired without a word, leaving the marquis in a state of great astonishment. Her beautiful eyes fixed on         mine, and describes the love which she felt for         another.--_Schiller_. She went so far as to say to herself, "he is worthy of being my master since he was on the point of killing me. Without suspecting it Mathilde was yielding to the love which she was now feeling for him again. The unhappiness of jealousy could not be carried further. said Julien to her one day, overcome by love and unhappiness. "His pride has doubtless extinguished his love," she was saying to herself. Fortunately for him the marquis rallied him at dinner about his next journey; Mathilde understood that it might be a very long one. "I have been seduced," she answered in her remorse. Her great aim was to displease Julien in everything; but not one of his movements escaped her. He saw Mathilde walking in the garden for a long time. He was master of it in a few minutes, and placed it against Mathilde's window. He flew up the ladder and knocked at the blind; Mathilde heard him after some minutes and tried to open the blind but the ladder was in the way. Julien returned to his room and found that he was bleeding and almost naked. At seven o'clock in the morning of the following day he installed himself in the library. Mathilde had not listened to his words; their sound irritated her. "It seems that she has loved me eight or ten days, but I shall love her all my life." "This vase," he said to her, "has been destroyed for ever. And he went out. That is the sentiment which animates him." "She is mad, it is true," he said to himself. "Is she any the less adorable for that?
_Letter to the author_. replied the marquis with sudden gravity. If it were necessary to fight, they would die on the steps of the throne. The marquis fell into a profound reverie. The marquis took the paper. At a sign from the marquis, Julien had remained at the lower end of the table. His arrival was the signal for the opening of the meeting. The cheeks and the forehead of the president became purple. "She has the Duke of Wellington," said a military personage looking very important. The speaker was just dealing with the question of probabilities which formed the usual subject for his meditations. On the one hand the journalists and the electors, in a word, public opinion; youth and all that admire it. "The foreign kings will only listen to you when you are in a position to announce to them that you have twenty thousand gentlemen ready to take up arms in order to open to them the gates of France. There is war to the death between the liberty of the press and our existence as gentlemen. "'_Form your battalions_,' I would say to you in the words of the Jacobin songs. The necessity of forming an armed party in France. exclaimed the master of the house. Excited by the debates of so lively an evening, and above all by the sincerity of the discussion, M. de Nerval did at this moment believe in his mission. "I will wager," said the man in the waistcoats, "that the general is running after the minister; he will apologise for having been here and pretend that he is our leader." Ask the cannon of Saint-Roch?" Julien did not leave with M. de la Mole before three o'clock in the morning. The marquis seemed tired and ashamed. The marquis took Julien on the following day to a lonely chateau at a good distance from Paris. The marquis had no anxiety on the score of his memory. He was overjoyed to find there the celebrated singer, signor Geronimo. The other one who effects an Italian accent is more likely to be the emissary." The men approached Julien to search the pockets of his travelling coat. "He is not a diplomatist," said the priest after searching his coat. He wanted an excuse to go to Geronimo's help. It was in a room of this low class inn that Julien had the honour of reciting his four pages to the duke. The prince took notes. "Reach the next posting station on foot. Julien took two days to reach Strasbourg.
Julien was compelled to spend eight days in Strasbourg and tried to distract himself by thoughts of military glory and patriotic devotion. Was he in love then? And he put his horse to the gallop. Using fictitious names, he described to the prince Mathilde's conduct and character. She must be proud about something." said the prince bursting into laughter. Julien was thinking of madame the marechale de Fervaques who often came to the Hotel de la Mole. "So we are quite agreed," he repeated to Julien for the tenth time. He is an attorney: an additional reason for his not making a mistake. "I must do it, I will pay court to madame de Fervaques. I must follow the advice of a friend and not trust myself." Julien solemnly confessed to him that he was very much in love with her. But let us go to Bustos," said Count Altamira who had a methodical turn of mind; "he once paid court to madame la marechale." Don Diego Bustos gravely said to him. And Julien had to put up with the whole quotation. They sat down at table. She blushed a great deal on seeing Julien, she had not been told of his arrival. In accordance with Prince Korasoff's recommendation, Julien looked at his hands. In this position he lavished in accordance with all the rules in the art of love, the most abject admiration on madame de Fervaques. Julien rushed there. Mathilde had almost forgotten him during his journey. It was from her that Julien learned that the marquis was going to be a minister. He got there in advance, but was careful to turn his chair in such a way as not to see Mathilde. Mathilde ended by losing her temper. As for Julien, he had done something, he was less unhappy; his eyes chanced to fall on the Russian leather portfolio in which prince Korasoff had placed the fifty-three love letters which he had presented to him. Julien saw a note at the bottom of the first letter: No. "It is quite a long time since I met madame de Fervaques." By looking under the brim of his hat in a certain way, he could get a view of Mathilde's figure without seeing her eyes. The idea of a bishopric had thus become associated with the idea of Julien in the mind of a woman, who would sooner or later have at her disposal the finest places in the Church of France. One morning a letter was delivered to Julien. It was only an invitation to dinner. The dinner was mediocre and the conversation wearisome. M. the abbe Pirard addressed long sermons to Julien concerning his success at the hotel de Fervaques. One evening at the opera, when in madame de Fervaques' box, Julien spoke of the ballet of _Manon Lescaut_ in the most enthusiastic terms. Julien was very astonished to find this letter almost tender. Mademoiselle de la Mole needed to exercise her self-control to avoid thinking of Julien during the whole period filled by the de Fervaques episode. This Machiavellianism impressed her. And he could not finish his train of thought.
Madame de Fervaques had begun reading Julien's long letters without any pleasure, but she now began to think about them; one thing, however, grieved her. It is heart-breaking." One day, madame de Fervaques, after having asked three times if there were any letters for her, suddenly decided to answer Julien. One morning the porter was bringing into the library a letter to him from the marechale. Mathilde met the man, saw the letter together with the address in Julien's handwriting. Seated motionless on the library divan, with her head turned in the opposite direction to Julien, she was a prey to the most poignant anguish that pride and love can inflict upon a human soul. "So," she cried, quite beside herself, "you are not only on good terms with her, but you actually despise her. "So our proud lady is lying at my feet," said Julien to himself. Has madame de Fervaques robbed me of your heart? He saw her hair and her alabaster neck. Julien felt his strength desert him. Mathilde looked at him. She has been indulgent to me; she has consoled me when I have been despised. exclaimed Mathilde. "The excess of my love, and my unhappiness if you do not love me," she said to him, taking his hands and turning towards him. This point of view lasted. In the evening he felt that it was absolutely necessary to put in an appearance at the Bouffes in madame de Fervaques' box. Madame de Fervaques saw these tears. Julien immediately craned out over the theatre, leaning politely enough on the front of the box. He saw Mathilde; her eyes were shining with tears. "And yet it is not their Opera day," thought Julien; "how eager she must be!" Mathilde placed her hand on Julien's; she seemed to have forgotten all fear of her mother. "Frighten her!" Julien had not been expecting this simple tone. Mathilde loved for the first time in her life. In the evening she would call Julien to her in the salon in the presence of sixty people, and have a long and private conversation with him. he said to her. She discovered that she was _enceinte_ and joyfully informed Julien of the fact. "But he will pack me off in disgrace." "Your honour is safe for the present. Mathilde yielded. This was the first occasion, since she had informed Julien of her condition, that he had spoken to her authoritatively. The tender part of his soul had found happiness in seizing on Mathilde's condition as an excuse for refraining from his cruel remarks to her. Was he going to be separated from Mathilde? That is the name which I have         so much difficulty in writing. He is the father of         my child. said Julien to himself while M. de la Mole was reading this letter.
Julien found the marquis furious. "Monster," exclaimed the marquis. It was then that I asked permission to leave for Languedoc." What! "Kill me, or have me killed by your valet. "Go to the devil," cried the marquis, as he went away. "Well, I will go and confess to him." At Paris, Mathilde was in despair. He had shown her Julien's letter. "If he dies I shall die," she said to her father. Mathilde told him, with tears in her eyes, that she had read his suicide letter. She was to be Madame Sorel, and was either to live with her husband in poverty in Switzerland, or with her father in Paris. She rejected absolutely the suggestion of a secret accouchement. This act of benevolence on the part of the marquis occasioned his return. He went and asked asylum of the abbe Pirard, who had become Mathilde's most useful ally during his absence. he said to himself. A girl whose hand has already been asked for by all the cream of the nobility of France." The marquis thought it illogical to be angry, but could not bring himself to forgive. They paralysed the influence of the wise arguments of the abbe Pirard. I give 10,600 francs to my daughter, and 10,000 francs to M. Julien Sorel. The marquis de La Mole." This gift was an extreme surprise to Julien. In a moment of irritation she wrote to her father and commenced her letter like Othello:  "My very choice is sufficient proof that I have preferred Julien to all the advantages which society offered to the daughter of the marquis de la Mole. This hard schooling had changed the character of a spirit of twenty-two. Can it be that he simply repeats these maxims in order to use them as a _dam_ against his passions? To think of pressing his arm in the garden in the evening! How horrible! Let him leave for         Strasbourg, and try to act straightly. Mathilde was astonished by this firm answer. She decided to obey, but refrained from communicating her father's letter to Julien. Might not the marquis himself have written to him in a momentary caprice. "The marquis adds this: 'M. Julien was already cold and haughty. After hesitating for five or six days, the public opinion of the regiment declared itself in his favour. He thought about nothing except fame and his son. "All is lost. Nobody knows where for? She climbed into the fiacre with Julien. It is part of my painful duty to         add that I am obliged to believe that M. Julien has no         religious principles. Julien had left for Verrieres. He arrived at Verrieres on a Sunday morning. Julien entered the new church of Verrieres. Julien found himself some spaces behind the pew of madame de Renal.
He was left alone. Madame de Renal was not mortally wounded. "The gaoler," she said to her with a violent blush, "is a cruel man. He will doubtless ill-treat him, thinking to please me by doing so.... '[1]          "I shall never be seen to speak or write again. M. Julien you are a good fellow at heart, and you will be very glad to learn that madame de Renal is better." she is not dead?" But in order to please you, monsieur, I went to him, and he told me everything." It was only then that Julien began to repent of the crime that he had committed. "What, is that scoundrel still here?" When he arrived at the prison of Besancon in the morning they were kind enough to place him in the upper storey of a Gothic turret. He seemed to Julien the mere shadow of his former self. I had that courage this morning. "And how about Fouque," he thought? Fouque arrived. "You pain me," Julien said to him. The interrogations became more frequent in spite of all the efforts of Julien, who always endeavoured by his answers to shorten the whole matter. He consulted Fouque concerning his idea of writing to M. the Procureur-General asking to be exempt from all visits. He concealed his feelings out of respect for misfortune. said Julien. "I was obliged to tell my name to the secretary, who took me for a young working girl from Paris in love with handsome Julien. My death will atone for everything;" and he abandoned himself with delight to Mathilde's love. She found at first overwhelming difficulties in obtaining an interview with the all-powerful leader of the congregation under the obscure name of madame Michelet. Mathilde walked about the Besancon streets alone: she hoped not to be recognised. She thought, in her madness, of making them rebel in order to save Julien as he walked to his death. It was the work of a few minutes for M. de Frilair to induce Mathilde to confess to him that she was the daughter of his powerful opponent, the marquis de la Mole. he said to himself. "Madame de Fervaques' friend will find nothing impossible in this town." Her presence troubled him enough without that. She realised very clearly that she had to struggle against his love of solitude. and Henri III." "I have a favour to ask of you," said her lover to her one day. Madame de Renal will look after the nurse." And Mathilde paled.
"There is murder, and murder with premeditation," said Julien to the judge as he had done to the advocate, "I am sorry, gentlemen, he added with a smile, that this reduces your functions to a very small compass." The cautious advocate was for a moment afraid of being assassinated. His thoughts were at Vergy. Valenod, de Moirod, de Cholin. No doubt that scoundrel Valenod and M. de Frilair will get the procureur-general and the judges to do all they can to cause me unpleasantness." In spite of all the promises she had made to the director of her conscience and to her husband that she would be discreet, she had scarcely arrived at Besancon before she wrote with her own hand to each of the thirty-six jurymen:--  "I shall not appear on the day of the trial, monsieur, because my presence might be prejudicial to M. Sorel's case. All the province had rushed to Besancon to see the trial of this romantic case. On the eve of the trial, Mathilde took this letter to the all-powerful grand vicar. "And who is this M. To avoid the prolongation of an unpleasant scene, the result of which, in his view, was absolutely certain, Julien had resolved not to make a speech. Julien shuddered. The court sat again. "Gentlemen of the jury! But in spite of the somewhat abstract turn which Julien had given to his speech, all the women burst out into tears. "With what a contrite sycophantic expression he pronounced the verdict which entails the death penalty, while that poor president of the assizes, although he has been a judge for years and years, had tears in his eyes as he sentenced me. I am in the condemned cell, he said to himself. went on Julien, "if there is another life.... answered Julien. "If madame de Renal had been here in my cell instead of Mathilde, should I have been able to have answered for myself? "And who is there?" Mademoiselle de la Mole, being unable to get anything out of Julien, asked the advocate to come in. And when Mathilde eventually left with the advocate, he felt much more affection for the advocate than for her.
It was madame de Renal. He clasped her in his arms; he was mad. Some charitable soul, no doubt informed M. de Renal of the long visits which his wife paid to Julien's prison; for at the end of three days he sent her his carriage with the express order to return to Verrieres immediately. He declared in a loud voice that he would pass the day and the night by the prison gates. The cold rain intensified the obscurity and dampness of the cell. The priest wanted to embrace Julien, and began to wax pathetic as he spoke to him. A quarter of an hour after the priest had come in Julien felt an absolute coward. "Go and listen to a mass for me," he said to Mathilde, almost beside himself with vexation and impotent rage, and leave me a moment in peace. He did not know how to get rid of his father. Julien felt cynical. "Great God! If a man like that at a time when misfortune ought to summon him sternly to his duty will sink to charlatanism, what is one to expect from the rest of the human species?" "Where is truth? "Living alone. Julien acquitted himself becomingly of all the duty a man owes to provincial opinion. But this only intensified his happiness at madame de Renal's return. By means of gold, and by using and abusing the influence of her aunt, who was devout, rich and well-known, madame de Renal managed to see him twice a day. Maddened by anger and unhappiness, M. de Croisenois demanded such unqualified satisfaction, that the millionaire preferred to fight a duel. "I will go to the king. The life of a man, and of a man like Julien, too, ought to prevail over every consideration. He had made his arrangements in advance for Fouque to take Mathilde and madame de Renal away on the morning of his last day. Julien had made madame de Renal swear that she would live to look after Mathilde's son. When she was left alone with Fouque, she insisted on burying her lover's head with her own hands. She did not try to make any attempt upon her life; but she died embracing her children, three days after Julien.
Verrieres is sheltered on the north by a high mountain which is one of the branches of the Jura. One has scarcely entered the town, before one is stunned by the din of a strident machine of terrifying aspect. it belongs to M. the Mayor." Such is M. de Renal, the mayor of Verrieres. He is told that this house belongs to M. de Renal. It is to the profits which he has made out of his big nail factory that the mayor of Verrieres owes this fine residence of hewn stone which he is just finishing. Proud man that he was, the mayor had none the less to negotiate with that tough, stubborn peasant, old Sorel. The tyranny of public opinion (and what public opinion!) "I like the shade," answered M. de Renal, with just a tinge of that hauteur which becomes a mayor when he is talking to a surgeon, who is a member of the Legion of Honour. At the present time they served as the text for the little discussion which M. de Renal was having with his wife. He had visited the cure earlier in the morning accompanied by M. Valenod, the director of the workhouse, in order to convey their most emphatic displeasure. The reproaches of M. de Renal, and above all, those of M. Valenod, the director of the workhouse, became more and more animated. He is, consequently, not a Liberal, and he certainly is a good Latin scholar. "This arrangement will be convenient in more than one way," continued M. de Renal, looking at his wife with a diplomatic air. "That Valenod is proud enough of his two fine Norman horses which he has just bought for his carriage, but he hasn't a tutor for his children." He was very dissatisfied with Julien, and it was for Julien that M. de Renal offered the undreamt-of salary of 300 fcs. Nothing was more anti-pathetic to old Sorel. His air of extreme pensiveness and his great pallor had given his father the idea that he would not live, or that if he did, it would only be to be a burden to his family. "I do not want to be a servant." "Your son will go to M. Durand, the draper, with this money and will get a complete black suit." Julien was astonished at not being beaten and hastened to leave. He considered that it would assist the role played by his hypocrisy to go and say a prayer in the church. Suddenly Julien left off talking about Napoleon. Julien shuddered. said Julien. Finally, Julien felt ashamed of his secret terror. He got up rapidly and walked to M. de Renal's house. Womanly delicacy was carried in Madame de Renal to the point of excess.
Madame de Renal repeated her question. "Is it true that you know Latin?" Madame de Renal thought that Julien looked extremely wicked. What a difference between him and me, thought Julien. Their tone is bound to be prejudicial to my children. said M. de Renal to his wife. She felt calmed by Julien's presence. He was introduced to the children and spoke to them in a manner that astonished M. de Renal himself. A servant came to the door of the drawing-room; Julien went on talking Latin. M. de Renal's self-esteem became uneasy. Julien knew no other Latin except his Bible. The children adored him, but he did not like them in the least. Madame de Renal's housemaid, Elisa, had lost no time in falling in love with the young tutor. Elisa's love had earned for Julien the hatred of one of the men-servants. Madame de Renal observed that Julien talked more frequently than usual to Mademoiselle Elisa. Madame de Renal was touched by this extreme poverty which she had never suspected before. Too proud even to talk to her friend, Madame Derville, about troubles of this kind, she imagined that all men were like her husband, M. Valenod, and the sub-prefect, M. Charcot de Maugiron. said Julien. He is going to humiliate Julien, and it is my fault! At last Elisa talked to her of her marriage. "M. the cure had been unable to overcome his resistance, for M. the cure thinks that he ought not to refuse an honest girl on the pretext that she has been a maid. Julien." "Can I be in love with Julien?" M. de Renal had returned to the town, for mayoral business, two days after their arrival in Vergy. Madame de Renal gaily spent the whole day with Julien in supervising the workmen. His arrival surprised Madame de Renal as well. For she had had M. Godart's fine work ordered from Besancon, and Julien used to tell her about the strange habits of the creatures. The darkness was profound. His expression was singular when he saw Madame de Renal the next day; he watched her like an enemy with whom he would have to fight a duel. She could not take her eyes off his. Night came. At last they sat down, Madame de Renal beside Julien, and Madame Derville near her friend. The violent strain on Julien's nerves was too great for his voice not to be considerably changed; soon Madame de Renal's voice became nervous as well, but Julien did not notice it. Julien could only answer all that Madame de Renal said to him by whispering. I have hidden it in the mattress of my bed." "Does it contain a portrait?" said Madame de Renal, scarcely able to hold herself upright. I entreat you not to look at that portrait; it is my secret." He ran to the children's room. "He does not despise me yet," thought Julien. A minute afterwards Julien found himself opposite M. de Renal. He was obsessed by an anxious desire that Madame de Renal should abandon her hand to him. Am I, a married woman, going to fall in love? After all, he is only a child who is full of respect for me. As the result of thinking of the victories of Napoleon, he had seen a new element in his own victory. Madame de Renal could not sleep a wink. "Is it you he loves?"
He quite astonished his friend when he knocked at his door at one o'clock in the morning. "Stay with me," said Fouque to him. This offer upset Julien. It is, however very pretty, is that hand. He had learnt many new things. Julien was struck by Madame de Renal's hesitating voice and look. But she soon confessed that she was incapable of walking. Julien answered with a sigh. Madame de Renal was alone with him for a moment in the drawing-room on the following morning. He is a sly fox." Julien appreciated his own clumsiness. At Verrieres Julien found M. Chelan occupied in moving. Like a soldier coming back from parade. And what a part! Madame Derville arranged things so adroitly that evening in the garden, that she found herself placed between Madame de Renal and Julien. As Julien's transports reassured his timid mistress, she regained a little of her happiness, and of her power to judge her lover. Julien swore to her that it was that of a man. His love was still akin to ambition. His love leaned on him and looked at him. He said to himself, "She is good and sweet, she has a great fancy for me, but she has been brought up in the enemy's camp. One day Madame de Renal was giving an order to her husband's valet who was Julien's enemy. M. de Renal arrived during the night and found the town in a commotion. "Her love is being over-shadowed by the happiness of receiving a King in her house. Madame de Renal wanted a new uniform, and she only had four days in which to send to Besancon and get from there the uniform, the arms, the hat, etc., everything necessary for a Guard of Honour. What a rebuff that would be? Scarcely was the King in the church than Julien galloped towards the house of M. de Renal. Perhaps he is the bishop's secretary. "To be bishop of Agde so young," he thought. He redoubled his attention. Julien dared to follow him. With these words the bishop rose authoritatively.
For the first time she reproached herself for her love with some logic. Then incessant remorse deprived Madame de Renal of even her power of sleep. "Fly from me," she said one day to Julien. "She thinks that she is killing her son by loving me, and all the same the unhappy woman loves me more than her son. Heaven is punishing me. Leave her? You will ruin yourself and him as well. He adored Madame de Renal. Their happiness had at times the complexion of crime. Was it Madame de Renal? "Is there an anonymous letter? "My one aim is to make my husband think that the letter         comes from M. Valenod; I have no doubt that he is         its author. ANONYMOUS LETTER. "And is this the woman who was so maddened by remorse?" He would see the impression of the feet in the following morning. Valenod." "It is necessary for Julien to travel. "He never reads one," exclaimed M. de Renal. "The anonymous printed letter and Valenod's letters are written on the same paper." M. de Renal is kind enough to give you a holiday. M. de Renal had ordered Julien to stay at his house. In order to exploit his Jesuitical smartness, he wrote a nine-page letter to M. de Renal in which he gave him an account of all that had been said to him and humbly asked his advice. It is bound to be M. Valenod who, no doubt, sees in my exile at Verrieres the result of his anonymous letter." He had not been invited to dine in such good company simply to moon dreamily and say nothing. "That author is quite immoral," said Julien to Madame Valenod. Julien kissed him with tears in his eyes. It was M. de Renal. The manners of those people were offensive to M. de Renal. Valenod thought of coming to terms with the Liberals. At the same time M. Valenod was trying to put off a definite crisis with his old patron by himself assuming the aggressive. Never has vanity at close grips with all the harshness and meanness of a pettifogging love of money reduced a man to a more sorry condition than that of M. de Renal when he entered the tavern. For answer, his wife took him on one side and declared that it was essential to send Julien away. M. de Renal took the mail to Besancon. Julien was between the two of them. "And to say that the mayor was not able to stop it," remarked a third. Madame de Renal endeavoured to console her husband. This phrase made M. de Renal sigh, and look at his wife. But heavens! Madame de Renal's mind had now reached a state of desperation. Her children, herself, and Julien! And I, Great God! Heaven is just. She cut off a strand of her hair. But three days after my departure I will come back to see you at night." Conversely, it was essential for M. de Renal's prestige that Julien should leave Verrieres to enter the seminary of Besancon or that of Dijon. And then how is he going to live? Finally Julien left Verrieres. It was in vain that Julien said to her.
Julien noticed it. He looked at Julien. He looked at me." If I ever manage to get out of the seminary for a few hours, I shall be able to see Mdlle. Julien raised his eyes with an effort, and in a voice rendered quavering by the beating of his heart explained that he desired to speak to M. Pirard, the director of the Seminary. "Julien Sorel." Is he         sincere?" "Liberals even in the seminary! Julien's conduct since he had been at the seminary had been nothing but a series of false steps. The abbe Pirard had been no help to him. The moment that Julien realised his folly, he ceased to be bored. "How presumptuous I was at Verrieres," said Julien to himself. Nothing made him more enemies. Julien caught sight of the conception of a second god, but of a god who was much more formidable and much more powerful than the other one. The abbe Pirard called him back and added sympathetically. "He is happy. What a man! At this moment the presumption of Julien bursts out into full view. What were his emotions when he recognised the hair of Madame de Renal? Madame Derville turned round and recognised him. He wanted to present him to the Bishop. For this there is only one remedy. The abbe Pirard held out his arms to him. Julien was mad with joy. Since Julien's new dignity, the director of the seminary made a point of never speaking to him without witnesses. This conversation consoled Julien a little. The Marquis de la Mole received the abbe Pirard without any of those aristocratic mannerisms whose very politeness is at the same time so impertinent to one who understands them. He has energy. said the Marquis. They will answer me that he is ill, that his letters were lost in the post, etc., etc." "A friend." "Go away! You are leaving us for ever?" I am going to Paris." Instead of going away Julien, drunk with pleasure, asked Madame de Renal to let him pass the day in her room and leave the following night. Julien went to her help. She went and watched at the other end of the corridor and Julien ran in. It was M. de Renal. he cried to her. At last M. de Renal left. It was M. de Renal again. "Open quickly, there are thieves in the house!"
But I see that he is beaten by that man Valenod. "He will be left to brood over his crimes," said Saint-Giraud. You will live in the house of the marquis, who is one of the greatest seigneurs of France. You must have been very blind." Julien was overwhelmed by the bitter and almost vindictive tone which he noticed in M. Pirard; that tone completely infected his last answer. "What would have become of you at Besancon without this whim of the marquis de la Mole? Julien scrutinised the handwriting of the addresses. "Julien is not a priest." His former employer's petty vanity caused Julien to tread on the marquis's feet and hurt him a great deal because of his gout. Julien put his horse to the trot. He is capable of cultivating a falsehood with each of his friends for years on end, and he has two or three hundred friends. "That man argues, he does not talk," said someone behind Julien. He turned round and reddened with pleasure when he heard the name of the comte Chalvet. thought Julien. The abbe Pirard passed in to an adjacent salon. said Norbert to him. The marquis had given him a horse. As soon as he left off working, he fell a prey to a mortal boredom. Julien was frank with him. M. Charles de Beauvoisis, after mature reflection, was fairly satisfied with the cut of Julien's black suit. Julien got a ball in his arm. When Julien gave the name of M. de la Mole's hotel, the young diplomat and his friend exchanged looks. "By Jove, so a duel is only that," thought Julien. That very evening the chevalier de Beauvoisis and his friend said everywhere that this M. Sorel who was, moreover, quite a charming young man, was a natural son of an intimate friend of the marquis de la Mole. Julien laughed. The marquis treated him like an equal. I treat him as a son. Some time afterwards the marquis was able to go out. They waited for an hour. Julien promised to write. Mathilde felt herself seized by an irresistible attack of yawning. Julien did not answer. That is the art of alluring." He smiled at the obstacle. In his opinion she was one of the most beautiful persons in Paris. He did not deign to look up at Mathilde. The embroidery seemed to attract his attention. pursued Julien. "Is it possible?" thought Julien.
Julien reread his letters. I used to see them come into existence. The only rival she had in her heart was the fear of her childrens' death. cried Julien really moved. "And Boniface de la Mole was the hero of it," he said to her. She too, who is so haughty to everyone! Yes, to be sure, that same young man who is so polite, so gentle, and so brave, and who has combined all those advantages of birth and fortune a single one of which would put my heart at rest--he is madly in love with her, he ought to marry her. She is haughty enough for that. Her pleasure was to stake her fate. There is grandeur and audacity in the very fact of daring to love a man, placed so far beneath me by his social position. He has the element of greatness and they are shocked by it. "Moralizing from you! Being jealous again is one of their weaknesses. Julien experienced a delightful minute. Her real fear was that Julien was displeased with her. They were brave and that was all. "In duels, but the duel is nothing more than a formality. But now she ventured to declare her own love. And she was going to make him her lover, perhaps her master. "She is mad," Julien said to himself. He tried to kiss Mathilde. "She actually dares to say that she is in love. Julien did not notice that nuance. Mathilde followed her mother to mass, the servants soon left the apartment and Julien easily escaped before they came back to finish their work. But this was a very bourgeois word to apply to the haughty Mathilde. and of Henri III. said Julien to her one day, overcome by love and unhappiness. Fortunately for him the marquis rallied him at dinner about his next journey; Mathilde understood that it might be a very long one. I love him too much." He saw Mathilde walking in the garden for a long time. *       *       *       *       *  The excess of Julien's happiness was indescribable. "But suppose they think of opening the window, they will see the ladder," Julien said to her. A whole tress of her beautiful blonde hair was cut off to within half an inch of the scalp. One might have said that she had made a specific point of trying to inform the whole world of her mad passion for Julien. But as         reason returns he feels the depth of his misfortune. "There is an element of madness in this," Julien said to himself.
Your aim will be to avoid attracting attention. The marquis took the paper. But the speaker was put upon his mettle. "We did not know how to glorify him," said the president. "So long as the clergy is without its forests it is helpless. What is the good of involving France in a matter which is personal to Paris? The marquis seemed tired and ashamed. Julien had scarcely got out of the marquis's sight before he forgot his secret note and his mission, and only thought about Mathilde's disdain. "That man looked strange though," thought Julien to himself. A quarter of an hour afterwards Julien pretended to have just woken up. Was he in love then? "I must do it, I will pay court to madame de Fervaques. Julien solemnly confessed to him that he was very much in love with her. Is she a prude tired of her role and only malicious because she is unhappy?" Paying attention for the first time to the mistress of the house, he made every effort to make the visitors speak and to keep the conversation alive. In this position he lavished in accordance with all the rules in the art of love, the most abject admiration on madame de Fervaques. Mathilde went and walked near the salon window. It was from her that Julien learned that the marquis was going to be a minister. To think of daring to write to so virtuous a celebrity. It meant everything and nothing. he thought. She could not make up her mind to look at him. In order to keep herself in countenance, she took madame de Fervaques' letters in her hands, and slowly broke the seals. He supported that look. exclaimed Mathilde. she said to him. "They are in the third tier." "So long as I don't speak to her," said Julien to himself. "Frighten her!" One thing still piqued Mathilde, Julien continued to copy out the Russian letters and send them to the marechale. he said to her. He is the father of         my child. He has made me a man of the world. Julien found the marquis furious. "Monster," exclaimed the marquis. is my daughter not to be a duchess?" "I understand," thought Julien. This was his final resolution after having walked about in the garden for two good hours. Julien was dismounting from his horse. A month went by in this way without negotiations advancing one single stage. I give 10,600 francs to my daughter, and 10,000 francs to M. Julien Sorel. The marquis de La Mole." This gift was an extreme surprise to Julien. "Is it really a case of spontaneous and authentic love? How horrible! Mathilde's love and joy were unlimited. The change of name struck him with astonishment.
His mind was engrossed; he only half answered the eager tenderness that she showed to him. Julien could no longer control his ecstasy. He nevertheless devoted a great part of his time to attending to his external appearance. Nobody knows where for? The impudent scoundrel had himself requested me to write to madame de Renal. "Where is Madame de Renal's letter?" said Julien coldly. Poor and greedy as the man is, it         is only by the aid of the most consummate hypocrisy,         and by seducing a weak and unhappy woman, that he has         endeavoured to make a career for himself and become         someone in the world. He is just and prudent. Julien entered the new church of Verrieres. Julien found himself some spaces behind the pew of madame de Renal. He was taken to the prison. He was left alone. Madame de Renal was not mortally wounded. The first bullet had pierced her hat. M. Julien you are a good fellow at heart, and you will be very glad to learn that madame de Renal is better." she is not dead?" Could they abate one whit of the truth and sublimity of the idea of God? said Julien. This thermometer idea amused him and finally managed to distract him. Fouque arrived. His one idea, so far as he had any at all, was to sell all he possessed in order to bribe the gaoler and secure Julien's escape. said Julien. She thought, in her madness, of making them rebel in order to save Julien as he walked to his death. It was the work of a few minutes for M. de Frilair to induce Mathilde to confess to him that she was the daughter of his powerful opponent, the marquis de la Mole. But he in his turn dumbfounded Mathilde when he informed her that the special feature in Julien's strange adventure which astonished and interested Besancon society, was that he had formerly inspired Madame de Renal with a grand passion and reciprocated it for a long time. He regained all his self-possession--and he did not hesitate to move the dagger about in her heart. She entreated her rival to obtain for M. de Frilair an autograph letter from the bishop of ----. The strangest projects, and ones involving her in the utmost danger, supplied the topics of her long interviews with Julien. And two months ago I adored her! I have, of course, read that the approach of death makes one lose interest in everything, but it is awful to feel oneself ungrateful, and not to be able to change. He called it remorse at having assassinated madame de Renal. He talked of that future of his which was so soon going to close. Seeing the judge and the advocate is more than enough." On the eve of the trial, Mathilde took this letter to the all-powerful grand vicar. "And who is this M. Valenod?" Julien had slept well. how young he is!... Next to her is madame Derville." Julien shuddered. "And you?" "Gentlemen of the jury! Before finishing, Julien alluded again to the fact of his premeditation, to his repentance, and to the respect and unbounded filial admiration which, in happier days, he had entertained for madame de Renal.... Madame Derville gave a cry and fainted. The jury did not come back, and yet not a woman left the court. He knew later that Mathilde had concealed herself there.
A hall in the DUKE'S palace._    _Enter DUKE, AEGEON, _Gaoler_, _Officers_, and other _Attendants_._  _Aege._ Proceed, Solinus, to procure my fall, And by the doom of death end woes and all. 10 For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracusians and ourselves, To admit no traffic to our adverse towns:                           15 Nay, more, If any born at Ephesus be seen At any Syracusian marts and fairs; Again: if any Syracusian born Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies,                                20 His goods confiscate to the duke's dispose; Unless a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty and to ransom him. There had she not been long but she became                          50 A joyful mother of two goodly sons; And, which was strange, the one so like the other As could not be distinguish'd but by names. That very hour, and in the self-same inn, A meaner woman was delivered                                        55 Of such a burden, male twins, both alike: Those, for their parents were exceeding poor, I bought, and brought up to attend my sons. 75 And this it was, for other means was none: The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us: My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast,                           80 Such as seafaring men provide for storms; To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been like heedful of the other: The children thus disposed, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix'd,                         85 Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast; And floating straight, obedient to the stream, Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length, another ship had seized on us; And, knowing whom it was their hap to save, Gave healthful welcome to their shipwreck'd guests;                115 And would have reft the fishers of their prey, Had not their bark been very slow of sail; And therefore homeward did they bend their course. Five summers have I spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus;                           135 Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought Or that, or any place that harbours men. But here must end the story of my life; And happy were I in my timely death, Could all my travels warrant me they live. 155 Gaoler, take him to thy custody.
The Mart._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_, _DROMIO of Syracuse_, and   _First Merchant_._  _First Mer._ Therefore give out you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. This very day a Syracusian merchant Is apprehended for arrival here; And, not being able to buy out his life,                             5 According to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. S._ Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till I come to thee. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn, and dine with me? I to the world am like a drop of water,                             35 That in the ocean seeks another drop; Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself: So I, to find a mother and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. 40    _Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_._  Here comes the almanac of my true date. E._ Return'd so soon! Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee? E._ To me, sir? E._ Your worship's wife, my mistress at the Phoenix; She that doth fast till you come home to dinner, And prays that you will hie you home to dinner. They say this town is full of cozenage; As, nimble jugglers that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave: I greatly fear my money is not safe.
_SCENE I. The house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_._    _Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA._  _Adr._ Neither my husband nor the slave return'd, That in such haste I sent to seek his master! _Luc._ Perhaps some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner. _Adr._ Why should their liberty than ours be more? 10  _Luc._ Because their business still lies out o' door. _Adr._ There's none but asses will be bridled so. 25  _Adr._ This servitude makes you to keep unwed. _Luc._ Not this, but troubles of the marriage-bed. _Luc._ Ere I learn love, I'll practise to obey. _Adr._ Patience unmoved! no marvel though she pause; They can be meek that have no other cause. Here comes your man; now is your husband nigh. _Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_._  _Adr._ Say, is your tardy master now at hand? E._                      I mean not cuckold-mad; But, sure, he is stark mad. When I desired him to come home to dinner,                          60 He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold: ''Tis dinner-time,' quoth I; 'My gold!' _Adr._ Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. E._ Go back again, and be new beaten home? For God's sake, send some other messenger. E._ And he will bless that cross with other beating: Between you I shall have a holy head. _Adr._ His company must do his minions grace, Whilst I at home starve for a merry look. then is he the ground Of my defeatures. fie, beat it hence! The house ... A publick place). _now_] _yet_ Capell. _that_] om. _and the_ Theobald. _and so a man_ Heath conj. _But_ Theobald.
A public place._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_._  _Ant. S._ The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur; and the heedful slave Is wander'd forth, in care to seek me out By computation and mine host's report. I could not speak with Dromio since at first                         5 I sent him from the mart. S._ I did not see you since you sent me hence,                15 Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me. S._ I am glad to see you in this merry vein:                  20 What means this jest? Hold, take thou that, and that. S._ Dost thou not know? S._ Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season, When in the why and the wherefore is neither rhyme nor reason? S._ In good time, sir; what's that? S._ Your reason? S._ Well, sir, learn to jest in good time: there's a time for all things. S._ May he not do it by fine and recovery? S._ Yes, to pay a fine for a periwig, and recover the lost hair of another man. S._ Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrement? S._ Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts: and what he hath scanted men in hair, he hath given them in wit. S._ Not a man of those but he hath the wit to lose his hair. S._ The plainer dealer, the sooner lost: yet he loseth it in a kind of jollity. S._ For two; and sound ones too. S._ Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing. S._ The one, to save the money that he spends in trimming; the other, that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge. Thyself I call it, being strange to me,                            120 That, undividable, incorporate, Am better than thy dear self's better part. She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. S._ By Dromio? S._ By me? What is the course and drift of your compact? S._ I never spake with her in all my life. S._ How can she thus, then, call us by our names,            165 Unless it be by inspiration. S._ To me she speaks; she moves me for her theme:            180 What, was I married to her in my dream? This is the fairy land;--O spite of spites! S._ I think thou art in mind, and so am I. Come, sir, to dinner. Dromio, keep the gate. Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say he dines forth, and let no creature enter. S._ Master, shall I be porter at the gate? A public place.] A street. 23: Beating him] Beats Dro.
Before the house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_, _DROMIO of Ephesus_, ANGELO,   and BALTHAZAR._  _Ant. E._ Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all; My wife is shrewish when I keep not hours: Say that I linger'd with you at your shop To see the making of her carcanet, And that to-morrow you will bring it home. 5 But here's a villain that would face me down He met me on the mart, and that I beat him, And charged him with a thousand marks in gold, And that I did deny my wife and house. E._ I think thou art an ass. E._ And welcome more common; for that's nothing but words. Either get thee from the door, or sit down at the hatch. Go get thee from the door,                35  _Dro. E._ What patch is made our porter? S._ [_Within_] The porter for this time, sir, and         my name is Dromio. _Luce._ [_Within_] What a coil is there, Dromio? who are         those at the gate? E._ Let my master in, Luce. E._ You'll cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down. 60  _Adr._ [_Within_] Who is that at the door that keeps         all this noise? E._ Are you, there, wife? go get you from the door. E._ Go fetch me something: I'll break ope the gate. Be ruled by me: depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger all to dinner;                              95 And about evening come yourself alone To know the reason of this strange restraint. If by strong hand you offer to break in Now in the stirring passage of the day, A vulgar comment will be made of it,                               100 And that supposed by the common rout Against your yet ungalled estimation, That may with foul intrusion enter in, And dwell upon your grave when you are dead; For slander lives upon succession,                                 105 For ever housed where it gets possession. Angelo the Goldsmith and Balthasar     the Merchant. _there, Dromio? Dromio, who_ Capell.
The same._    _Enter LUCIANA and _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_._  _Luc._ And may it be that you have quite forgot     A husband's office? 20 Alas, poor women! Then, gentle brother, get you in again;                             25     Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife: 'Tis holy sport, to be a little vain,     When the sweet breath of flattery conquers strife. _Luc._ What, are you mad, that you do reason so? S._ For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. S._ As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night. S._ Thy sister's sister. hold you still: I'll fetch my sister, to get her good will. S._ Why, how now, Dromio! and how besides thyself? S._ What claim lays she to thee? S._ Nell, sir; but her name and three quarters, that's an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. S._ No longer from head to foot than from hip to hip: she is spherical, like a globe; I could find out countries in her. S._ Where France? S._ I looked for the chalky cliffs, but I could find         125 no whiteness in them; but I guess it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and it. To conclude, this drudge, or diviner, laid claim to me; called me Dromio; swore I was assured to her; told me what privy marks I had about me, as, the mark of my shoulder, the             140 mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I, amazed, ran from her as a witch:  And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith, and         my heart of steel, She had transform'd me to a curtal dog, and made me turn         i' the wheel. S._ Go hie thee presently, post to the road:--               145 An if the wind blow any way from shore, I will not harbour in this town to-night:-- If any bark put forth, come to the mart, Where I will walk till thou return to me. I thought to have ta'en you at the Porpentine:                     165 The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. S._ What is your will that I shall do with this? 170 Go home with it, and please your wife withal; And soon at supper-time I'll visit you, And then receive my money for the chain. S._ What I should think of this, I cannot tell: But this I think, there's no man is so vain That would refuse so fair an offer'd chain. I see a man here needs not live by shifts,                         180 When in the streets he meets such golden gifts.
_Enter _Second Merchant_, ANGELO, and an _Officer_._  _Sec. _Ang._ Even just the sum that I do owe to you Is growing to me by Antipholus; And in the instant that I met with you He had of me a chain: at five o'clock                               10 I shall receive the money for the same. _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_ and _DROMIO of Ephesus_ from   the courtezan's._  _Off._ That labour may you save: see where he comes. I see the goldsmith. E._ A man is well holp up that trusts to you: I promised your presence and the chain; But neither chain nor goldsmith came to me. E._ I am not furnish'd with the present money; Besides, I have some business in the town. E._ Good Lord! you use this dalliance to excuse Your breach of promise to the Porpentine. E._ Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money. _Ang._ The money that you owe me for the chain. _Ang._ You know I gave it you half an hour since. E._ Consent to pay thee that I never had! _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_, from the bay._  _Dro. The ship is in her trim; the merry wind                             90 Blows fair from land: they stay for nought at all But for their owner, master, and yourself. E._ Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope, And told thee to what purpose and what end. S._ You sent me for a rope's end as soon: You sent me to the bay, sir, for a bark. E._  _Dro. S._ To Adriana! _the_ F2 F3 F4.
The house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_. _Luc._ That love I begg'd for you he begg'd of me. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away:     My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Dro. S._ Here! [_Exit Luciana._] This I wonder at, That he, unknown to me, should be in debt. S._ Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's         worth to season. _Re-enter LUCIANA with a purse._  _Adr._ Go, Dromio; there's the money, bear it straight;   And bring thy master home immediately. _no_] _a_ Rowe. _On_ F1. _But is_ F1 F2. _But 'a's_ Edd. _to season_] om. _'a_ Staunton.
A public place. S._ No? Is there any ship puts forth to-night? 35 Here are the angels that you sent for to deliver you. S._ It is the devil. S._ Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam; and here she comes in the habit of a light wench: and thereof comes that the wenches say, 'God damn me;' that's as much to say, 'God make me a light wench.' It is written, they appear to men like angels of light: light is an effect of      50 fire, and fire will burn; ergo, light wenches will burn. Come not near her. S._ Marry, he must have a long spoon that must eat with the devil. S._ Avoid then, fiend! Master, be wise: an if you give it her,                             70 The devil will shake her chain, and fright us with it. S._                                   75  _Cour._ Now, out of doubt Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself. A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the same he promised me a chain: Both one and other he denies me now. My way is now to his home to his house, And tell his wife that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house, and took perforce My ring away. _ships_ F1.
_Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_ with a ropes-end._  Here comes my man; I think he brings the money. _Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the _Courtezan_, and PINCH._  _Dro. I am not mad. Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut,                          60 And I denied to enter in my house? E._ Were not my doors lock'd up, and I shut out? E._ Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. E._ Money by me! E._ Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats? _Pinch._ Mistress, both man and master is possess'd; I know it by their pale and deadly looks:                           90 They must be bound, and laid in some dark room. E._ Dissembling harlot, them art false in all, And art confederate with a damned pack To make a loathsome abject scorn of me:                            100 But with these nails I'll pluck out these false eyes, That would behold in me this shameful sport. The fiend is strong within him. _Pinch._ Go bind this man, for he is frantic too. _Off._ Due for a chain your husband had of him. _Cour._ When as your husband, all in rage, to-day Came to my house, and took away my ring,--                         135 The ring I saw upon his finger now,-- Straight after did I meet him with a chain. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is: I long to know the truth hereof at large. 140    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ with his rapier drawn,   and _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Luc._ God, for thy mercy! they are loose again. Let's call more help to have them bound again. S. and Dro. S._ I see these witches are afraid of swords. S._ She that would be your wife now ran from you. S._ Come to the Centaur; fetch our stuff from thence: I long that we were safe and sound aboard. S._ Faith, stay here this night; they will surely do us no harm: you saw they speak us fair, give us gold:              150 methinks they are such a gentle nation, that, but for the mountain of mad flesh that claims marriage of me, I could find in my heart to stay here still, and turn witch. and the Officer.] a schoolmaster, call'd Pinch.
A street before a Priory. _Enter _Second Merchant_ and ANGELO._  _Ang._ I am sorry, sir, that I have hinder'd you; But, I protest, he had the chain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it. Mer._ How is the man esteem'd here in the city? _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ and _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Ang._ 'Tis so; and that self chain about his neck,                 10 Which he forswore most monstrously to have. [_They draw._    _Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the _Courtezan_, and others._  _Adr._ Hold, hurt him not, for God's sake! he is mad. S. and Dro. S. to the Priory._    _Enter the _Lady Abbess_._  _Abb._ Be quiet, people. _Ang._ I knew he was not in his perfect wits. Buried some dear friend? Which of these sorrows is he subject to? _Adr._ To none of these, except it be the last;                     55 Namely, some love that drew him oft from home. _Abb._ And thereof came it that the man was mad:-- The venom clamours of a jealous woman, Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. _Adr._ I will not hence, and leave my husband here: And ill it doth beseem your holiness                               110 To separate the husband and the wife. [_Exit._  _Luc._ Complain unto the Duke of this indignity. _Adr._ Come, go: I will fall prostrate at his feet, And never rise until my tears and prayers                          115 Have won his Grace to come in person hither, And take perforce my husband from the abbess. Mer._ To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay                                    125 Against the laws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offence. _Luc._ Kneel to the Duke before he pass the abbey. _Enter DUKE, attended; AEGEON bareheaded; with the _Headsman_   and other _Officers_._  _Duke._ Yet once again proclaim it publicly,                       130 If any friend will pay the sum for him, He shall not die; so much we tender him. _Duke._ She is a virtuous and a reverend lady: It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong. Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate,                          165 And bid the lady abbess come to me. My master and his man are both broke loose, Beaten the maids a-row, and bound the doctor,                      170 Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire; And ever, as it blazed, they threw on him Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair: My master preaches patience to him, and the while His man with scissors nicks him like a fool;                       175 And sure, unless you send some present help, Between them they will kill the conjurer. Witness you, That he is borne about invisible: Even now we housed him in the abbey here; And now he's there, past thought of human reason. 190 Even for the service that long since I did thee, When I bestrid thee in the wars, and took Deep scars to save thy life; even for the blood That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice. _Aege._ Unless the fear of death doth make me dote,                195 I see my son Antipholus, and Dromio. E._ Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there! She whom thou gavest to me to be my wife, That hath abused and dishonour'd me Even in the strength and height of injury:                         200 Beyond imagination is the wrong That she this day hath shameless thrown on me. This woman lock'd me out this day from dinner: That goldsmith there, were he not pack'd with her, Could witness it, for he was with me then;                         220 Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Porpentine, Where Balthazar and I did dine together. Then fairly I bespoke the officer To go in person with me to my house. By the way we met my wife, her sister, and a rabble more           235 Of vile confederates. 255  _Duke._ But had he such a chain of thee or no? _Ang._ He had, my lord: and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. 270 If here you housed him, here he would have been; If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly: You say he dined at home; the goldsmith here Denies that saying. E._ Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine. Go call the abbess hither. E._ Within this hour I was his bondman, sir, But he, I thank him, gnaw'd in two my cords: Now am I Dromio, and his man unbound. _Aege._ But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know'st we parted: but perhaps, my son,                       320 Thou shamest to acknowledge me in misery. E._ The Duke and all that know me in the city Can witness with me that it is not so: I ne'er saw Syracusa in my life. _Re-enter _Abbess_, with _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ and   _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Abb._ Most mighty Duke, behold a man much wrong'd. 330  _Duke._ One of these men is Genius to the other; And so of these. Which is the natural man, And which the spirit? _Abb._ By men of Epidamnum he and I And the twin Dromio, all were taken up; But by and by rude fishermen of Corinth                            350 By force took Dromio and my son from them, And me they left with those of Epidamnum. E._ And I with him. E._  _Dro. _and himself_] mad himself Warburton. Enter a Messenger. 247: _And in_] _Into_ Lettsom conj. them.] [All ... him. _the_ Pope. Manet the two Dromio's and two     brothers. 2, 4, where the Folios read 'Antipholus,' are correctly amended by Capell, and prove that 'Antipholus' is the spelling of Shakespeare. A very farfetched explanation has been offered by Steevens, and accepted by Delius and, we believe, by all the modern editors, namely, that Antipholus has wrung Dromio's ears so often that they have attained a length like an ass's. It might possibly be better to print this line as two lines, the first being broken:    'By the way we met    My wife....'  But the place is probably corrupt. The Duke says he has been patron to Antipholus for twenty years, V. 1. But Shakespeare probably did not compute the result of his own figures with any great care or accuracy. The following editions may appear in the Notes. All inset text is quoted from the Preface.
A hall in the DUKE'S palace._    _Enter DUKE, AEGEON, _Gaoler_, _Officers_, and other _Attendants_._  _Aege._ Proceed, Solinus, to procure my fall, And by the doom of death end woes and all. 10 For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracusians and ourselves, To admit no traffic to our adverse towns:                           15 Nay, more, If any born at Ephesus be seen At any Syracusian marts and fairs; Again: if any Syracusian born Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies,                                20 His goods confiscate to the duke's dispose; Unless a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty and to ransom him. That very hour, and in the self-same inn, A meaner woman was delivered                                        55 Of such a burden, male twins, both alike: Those, for their parents were exceeding poor, I bought, and brought up to attend my sons. 75 And this it was, for other means was none: The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us: My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast,                           80 Such as seafaring men provide for storms; To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been like heedful of the other: The children thus disposed, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix'd,                         85 Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast; And floating straight, obedient to the stream, Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the earth, Dispersed those vapours that offended us;                           90 And, by the benefit of his wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us, Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this: But ere they came,--O, let me say no more! 95 Gather the sequel by that went before. 100 For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounter'd by a mighty rock; Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst; So that, in this unjust divorce of us,                             105 Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. The Duke's palace. with the Merchant of Siracusa, Ff. _the ... care ... left_] Theobald. _life ... help_ Pope. 155: _no_] _not_ Rowe.
_SCENE II. The Mart._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_, _DROMIO of Syracuse_, and   _First Merchant_._  _First Mer._ Therefore give out you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn, and dine with me? S._ Farewell till then: I will go lose myself,                30 And wander up and down to view the city. I to the world am like a drop of water,                             35 That in the ocean seeks another drop; Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself: So I, to find a mother and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. 40    _Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_._  Here comes the almanac of my true date. E._ My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner:                    75 My mistress and her sister stays for you. S._ Upon my life, by some device or other                     95 The villain is o'er-raught of all my money. They say this town is full of cozenage; As, nimble jugglers that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave: I greatly fear my money is not safe. Enter ...] Enter Antipholis Erotes, a Marchant, and Dromio. The house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_._    _Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA._  _Adr._ Neither my husband nor the slave return'd, That in such haste I sent to seek his master! Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. 5 Good sister, let us dine, and never fret: A man is master of his liberty: Time is their master; and when they see time, They'll go or come: if so, be patient, sister. _Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_._  _Adr._ Say, is your tardy master now at hand? 55 It seems he hath great care to please his wife. E._                      I mean not cuckold-mad; But, sure, he is stark mad. When I desired him to come home to dinner,                          60 He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold: ''Tis dinner-time,' quoth I; 'My gold!' _Adr._ Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. E._ And he will bless that cross with other beating: Between you I shall have a holy head. then is he the ground Of my defeatures. Ephesus.] _and_] om. _that_] om. I ... therewithal ... them._   59: _he is_] _he's_ Pope. _'out on thy mistress,' Quoth he_ Capell. _alone, a love_ F1. _and_] Ff. _an_ Collier.
SCENE II. A public place._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_._  _Ant. S._ The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur; and the heedful slave Is wander'd forth, in care to seek me out By computation and mine host's report. See, here he comes. _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  How now, sir! As you love strokes, so jest with me again. You know no Centaur? Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner? Hold, take thou that, and that. S._ Not a man of those but he hath the wit to lose his hair. _Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA._  _Adr._ Ay, ay, Antipholus, look strange and frown: Some other mistress hath thy sweet aspects;                        110 I am not Adriana nor thy wife. how the world is changed with you! She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. 155  _Adr._ By thee; and this thou didst return from him, That he did buffet thee, and, in his blows, Denied my house for his, me for his wife. What is the course and drift of your compact? S._ I never spake with her in all my life. Come, sir, to dinner. Dromio, keep the gate. 205 Husband, I'll dine above with you to-day, And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks. Dromio, play the porter well. SCENE II.] SCENE IV. A street. _them_ Ff. _to thee_] om. _of_ Ff. ACT III. Before the house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_._    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_, _DROMIO of Ephesus_, ANGELO,   and BALTHAZAR._  _Ant. Either get thee from the door, or sit down at the hatch. ho, open the door! _Luce._ [_Within_] What a coil is there, Dromio? go get you from the door. Be ruled by me: depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger all to dinner;                              95 And about evening come yourself alone To know the reason of this strange restraint. [_To Ang._] Get you home, And fetch the chain; by this I know 'tis made:                     115 Bring it, I pray you, to the Porpentine; For there's the house: that chain will I bestow-- Be it for nothing but to spite my wife-- Upon mine hostess there: good sir, make haste. Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me,                       120 I'll knock elsewhere, to see if they'll disdain me. Angelo the Goldsmith and Balthasar     the Merchant. Enter Adriana. _her_] Rowe.
The same._    _Enter LUCIANA and _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_._  _Luc._ And may it be that you have quite forgot     A husband's office? S._ Not mad, but mated; how, I do not know. hold you still: I'll fetch my sister, to get her good will. [_Exit._             70    _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Ant. and how besides thyself? S._ As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly I from her that would be my wife. S._ There's none but witches do inhabit here; And therefore 'tis high time that I were hence. _Enter ANGELO with the chain._  _Ang._ Master Antipholus,--  _Ant. I'll to the mart, and there for Dromio stay: If any ship put out, then straight away. _not_ Ff. 52: _she_] _he_ Capell. 161: _to_] _of_ Pope. _Enter _Second Merchant_, ANGELO, and an _Officer_._  _Sec. _Ang._ Even just the sum that I do owe to you Is growing to me by Antipholus; And in the instant that I met with you He had of me a chain: at five o'clock                               10 I shall receive the money for the same. _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_ and _DROMIO of Ephesus_ from   the courtezan's._  _Off._ That labour may you save: see where he comes. E._ While I go to the goldsmith's house, go thou              15 And buy a rope's end: that will I bestow Among my wife and her confederates, For locking me out of my doors by day.-- But, soft! I see the goldsmith. _Ang._ The money that you owe me for the chain. Mer._ Well, officer, arrest him at my suit. E._ Consent to pay thee that I never had! _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_, from the bay._  _Dro. E._ Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope, And told thee to what purpose and what end. To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight: Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry There is a purse of ducats; let her send it:                       105 Tell her I am arrested in the street, And that shall bail me: hie thee, slave, be gone! S._ To Adriana! that is where we dined, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband:                       110 She is too big, I hope, for me to compass. 87: _And then, sir,_] F1. _And then_ Capell. _she_] om. The house of _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_. _Luc._ That love I begg'd for you he begg'd of me. _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Dro. _Adr._ What, is he arrested? 45 Will you send him, mistress, redemption, the money in his desk? _Adr._ Go fetch it, sister. [_Exit Luciana._] This I wonder at, That he, unknown to me, should be in debt. _to season_] om. _he_ Malone.
_Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_._  _Ant. _Enter _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Dro. 35 Here are the angels that you sent for to deliver you. _Enter a _Courtezan_._  _Cour._ Well met, well met, Master Antipholus. S._ Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam; and here she comes in the habit of a light wench: and thereof comes that the wenches say, 'God damn me;' that's as much to say, 'God make me a light wench.' S._                                   75  _Cour._ Now, out of doubt Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself. A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the same he promised me a chain: Both one and other he denies me now. 80 The reason that I gather he is mad,-- Besides this present instance of his rage,-- Is a mad tale he told to-day at dinner, Of his own doors being shut against his entrance. My way is now to his home to his house, And tell his wife that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house, and took perforce My ring away. _ships_ F1. _and_ Ritson conj. _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_ and the _Officer_._  _Ant. _Enter _DROMIO of Ephesus_ with a ropes-end._  Here comes my man; I think he brings the money. have you that I sent you for? E._ To a rope's-end, sir; and to that end am I returned. E._ Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands. _Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the _Courtezan_, and PINCH._  _Dro. _Pinch._ It is no shame: the fellow finds his vein, And, yielding to him, humours well his frenzy. E._ Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats? 85  _Luc._ And I am witness with her that she did. _Pinch._ Mistress, both man and master is possess'd; I know it by their pale and deadly looks:                           90 They must be bound, and laid in some dark room. And why dost thou deny the bag of gold? Good master doctor, see him safe convey'd Home to my house. What is the sum he owes? _Off._ Due for a chain your husband had of him. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is: I long to know the truth hereof at large. 140    _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ with his rapier drawn,   and _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Luc._ God, for thy mercy! they are loose again. Let's call more help to have them bound again. S._ I see these witches are afraid of swords. and the Officer.] _to prophesy_ Dyce. 143: [Runne all out.
Mer._ How is the man esteem'd here in the city? _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ and _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Ang._ 'Tis so; and that self chain about his neck,                 10 Which he forswore most monstrously to have. [_They draw._    _Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the _Courtezan_, and others._  _Adr._ Hold, hurt him not, for God's sake! he is mad. Let us come in, that we may bind him fast,                          40 And bear him home for his recovery. _Abb._ You should for that have reprehended him. _Abb._ No, not a creature enters in my house. Mer._ By this, I think, the dial points at five: Anon, I'm sure, the Duke himself in person Comes this way to the melancholy vale,                             120 The place of death and sorry execution, Behind the ditches of the abbey here. _Luc._ Kneel to the Duke before he pass the abbey. _Adr._ Justice, most sacred Duke, against the abbess! _Duke._ She is a virtuous and a reverend lady: It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong. 185  _Adr._ Ay me, it is my husband! Witness you, That he is borne about invisible: Even now we housed him in the abbey here; And now he's there, past thought of human reason. _Enter _ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus_ and _DROMIO of Ephesus_._  _Ant. She whom thou gavest to me to be my wife, That hath abused and dishonour'd me Even in the strength and height of injury:                         200 Beyond imagination is the wrong That she this day hath shameless thrown on me. Then fairly I bespoke the officer To go in person with me to my house. _Duke._ Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here? Go call the abbess hither. And is not that your bondman, Dromio? E._ I never saw my father in my life. _Re-enter _Abbess_, with _ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse_ and   _DROMIO of Syracuse_._  _Abb._ Most mighty Duke, behold a man much wrong'd. Which is the natural man, And which the spirit? _Abb._ Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds, And gain a husband by his liberty. E._ And I with him. S., and Dro. S._ We'll draw cuts for the senior: till then lead         thou first. E._ Nay, then, thus:-- We came into the world like brother and brother; And now let's go hand in hand, not one before another. Enter Merchant and Goldsmith. _Who_ F1. Enter a Messenger. 174: _to him_] om. _and the_ om. Heaven: And_] _chain. [All ... him. The alteration is due to Capell. _but_] F1. Manet the two Dromio's and two     brothers. The name occurs only once in the copies, and that in the first line of the text. 17:    'Her love is not the hare that I do hunt.' From I. The Duke says he has been patron to Antipholus for twenty years, V. 1. Antipholus saved the Duke's life in the wars 'long since,' V. 1. His 'long experience' of his wife's 'wisdom' and her 'years' are mentioned, III.
ACT I SCENE I   Enter Count Lodovico, Antonelli, and Gasparo   Lodo. Those noblemen   Which were invited to your prodigal feasts,   (Wherein the phoenix scarce could 'scape your throats)   Laugh at your misery, as fore-deeming you   An idle meteor, which drawn forth, the earth   Would be soon lost i' the air. So; but I wonder then some great men 'scape   This banishment: there 's Paulo Giordano Ursini,   The Duke of Brachiano, now lives in Rome,   And by close panderism seeks to prostitute   The honour of Vittoria Corombona:   Vittoria, she that might have got my pardon   For one kiss to the duke. [Exeunt Camillo and Vittoria. I have dealt already with her chambermaid,   Zanche the Moor, and she is wondrous proud   To be the agent for so high a spirit. An   Irish gamester that will play himself naked, and then wage all   downward, at hazard, is not more venturous. So unable to please a   woman, that, like a Dutch doublet, all his back is shrunk into his   breaches. 'Tis just   like a summer bird-cage in a garden: the birds that are without despair   to get in, and the birds that are within despair and are in a   consumption for fear they shall never get out. What, travelling to bed with your kind wife? I do not well remember, I protest,   When I last lay with her. That nobleman bowl booty? A man may be made cuckold in the day-time,   When the stars' eyes are out. Brother! Bar her the sight of revels. 'Twere for her honour. Wear it a' th' old fashion; let your large ears come through,   it will be more easy--nay, I will be bitter--bar your wife of her   entertainment: women are more willingly and more gloriously chaste,   when they are least restrained of their liberty. [Enter   Vittoria Corombona.] Be wise; I will make you friends, and you shall go to bed   together. I did nothing to displease him; I carved to him at supper-time. Now he begins to tickle her. Come, my lord attends you; thou shalt go to bed to my lord. [With a relish as curious as a vintner going to taste new wine.] He will give thee a ring with a philosopher's stone in it. Thou shalt lie in a bed stuffed with turtle's feathers; swoon in   perfumed linen, like the fellow was smothered in roses. How shalt rid him hence? I have   almost wrought her to it; I find her coming: but, might I advise you   now, for this night I would not lie with her, I would cross her humour   to make her more humble. Walk by her a' th' nobleman's fashion, and tell her you will lie   with her at the end of the progress. Zanche brings out a carpet, spreads it, and lays on it two fair cushions. In sooth, I 'll have it; nay, I will but change   My jewel for your jewel. That 's better: she must wear his jewel lower. This harmless yew;   They told me my intent was to root up   That well-grown yew, and plant i' the stead of it   A wither'd blackthorn; and for that they vow'd   To bury me alive. She hath taught him in a dream   To make away his duchess and her husband. come to Rome! The duchess! The duchess come to court! I like not that. We are engag'd to mischief, and must on;   As rivers to find out the ocean   Flow with crook bendings beneath forced banks,   Or as we see, to aspire some mountain's top,   The way ascends not straight, but imitates   The subtle foldings of a winter's snake,   So who knows policy and her true aspect,   Shall find her ways winding and indirect.
ACT II SCENE I   Enter Francisco de Medicis, Cardinal Monticelso, Marcello, Isabella,   young Giovanni, with little Jacques the Moor   Fran. Have you not seen your husband since you arrived? Lord uncle, you did promise me a horse,   And armour. O my lord,   The drunkard after all his lavish cups   Is dry, and then is sober; so at length,   When you awake from this lascivious dream,   Repentance then will follow, like the sting   Plac'd in the adder's tail. You know Vittoria? Her husband is lord of a poor fortune,   Yet she wears cloth of tissue. be his pattern then,   Leave him for a stock of virtue that may last,   Should fortune rend his sails, and split his mast. methinks his horse as well   Might lead an army for him. He flies with the shell on 's head. Why then I 'll press the women to the war,   And then the men will follow. We now will leave you, and expect from you   Nothing but kind entreaty. [Exeunt Francisco, Monticelso, and Giovanni. Enter Isabella   You are in health, we see. I do not use to kiss:   If that will dispossess your jealousy,   I 'll swear it to you. I scorn him   Like a shav'd Polack: all his reverend wit   Lies in his wardrobe; he 's a discreet fellow,   When he 's made up in his robes of state. Enter Francisco, Flamineo, Monticelso, and Camillo   Brach. I would whip some with scorpions. Enter Camillo   Fran. They are sending him to Naples, but I 'll send him to Candy. But for your duchess' death----   Doctor. Here is an emblem, nephew, pray peruse it:   'Twas thrown in at your window. That is,   Plenty of horns hath made him poor of horns. Upon a time Phoebus, the god of light,   Or him we call the sun, would need to be married:   The gods gave their consent, and Mercury   Was sent to voice it to the general world. A great fat cook   Was made their speaker, who entreats of Jove   That Phoebus might be gelded; for if now,   When there was but one sun, so many men   Were like to perish by his violent heat,   What should they do if he were married,   And should beget more, and those children   Make fireworks like their father? Why, that was it;   To what scorn'd purpose else should we make choice   Of him for a sea-captain? and, besides,   Count Lodowick, which was rumour'd for a pirate,   Is now in Padua. Come, to observe this strumpet. SCENE II   Enter Brachiano, with one in the habit of a conjurer   Brach. A Dumb Show   Enter suspiciously Julio and Christophero: they draw a curtain where   Brachiano's picture is; they put on spectacles of glass, which cover   their eyes and noses, and then burn perfumes before the picture, and   wash the lips of the picture; that done, quenching the fire, and   putting off their spectacles, they depart laughing. Enter Isabella in her night-gown, as to bedward, with lights, after her,   Count Lodovico, Giovanni, Guidantonio, and others waiting on her: she   kneels down as to prayers, then draws the curtain of the picture, does   three reverences to it, and kisses it thrice; she faints, and will not   suffer them to come near it; dies; sorrow expressed in Giovanni, and in   Count Lodovico. The Second Dumb Show   Enter Flamineo, Marcello, Camillo, with four more as captains: they drink   healths, and dance; a vaulting horse is brought into the room; Marcello   and two more whispered out of the room, while Flamineo and Camillo   strip themselves into their shirts, as to vault; compliment who shall   begin; as Camillo is about to vault, Flamineo pitcheth him upon his   neck, and, with the help of the rest, writhes his neck about; seems to   see if it be broke, and lays him folded double, as 'twere under the   horse; makes show to call for help; Marcello comes in, laments; sends   for the cardinal and duke, who comes forth with armed men; wonders at   the act; commands the body to be carried home; apprehends Flamineo,   Marcello, and the rest, and go, as 'twere, to apprehend Vittoria. [Exit Brachiano. Both flowers and weeds spring, when the sun is warm,   And great men do great good, or else great harm.
ACT III SCENE I   Enter Francisco de Medicis, and Monticelso, their Chancellor and Register   Fran. You have dealt discreetly, to obtain the presence   Of all the great lieger ambassadors   To hear Vittoria's trial. 'Twas not ill;   For, sir, you know we have naught but circumstances   To charge her with, about her husband's death:   Their approbation, therefore, to the proofs   Of her black lust shall make her infamous   To all our neighbouring kingdoms. I wonder   If Brachiano will be here? Enter Flamineo and Marcello guarded, and a Lawyer   Lawyer. What, are you in by the week? Whore-masters would serve; for none are judges at tilting,   but those that have been old tilters. What then? Lawyer. the ambassadors are 'lighted----   Flam. [Enter Savoy Ambassador. The lord ambassadors. [Here there is a passage of the Lieger Ambassadors over the stage   severally. Enter French Ambassador   Lawyer. Enter English and Spanish   Lawyer. SCENE II   The Arraignment of Vittoria   Enter Francisco, Monticelso, the six Lieger Ambassadors, Brachiano,   Vittoria, Zanche, Flamineo, Marcello, Lawyer, and a Guard. [Lays a rich gown under him. A chair there for his Lordship. Stand to the table, gentlewoman. A lawyer that pleads against you. Pray, my lord, let him speak his usual tongue,   I 'll make no answer else. Why, you understand Latin. Lawyer. My honourable lord,   It doth not suit a reverend cardinal   To play the lawyer thus. They are first,   Sweetmeats which rot the eater; in man's nostrils   Poison'd perfumes. Cold Russian winters, that appear so barren,   As if that nature had forgot the spring. What's a whore! True, but the cardinal 's too bitter. is my just defence   By him that is my judge call'd impudence? To the point. Why, I came to comfort he,   And take some course for settling her estate,   Because I heard her husband was in debt   To you, my lord. He was. My lord, there 's great suspicion of the murder,   But no sound proof who did it. For my part,   I do not think she hath a soul so black   To act a deed so bloody; if she have,   As in cold countries husbandmen plant vines,   And with warm blood manure them; even so   One summer she will bear unsavoury fruit,   And ere next spring wither both branch and root. The act of blood let pass; only descend   To matters of incontinence. Now the duke's gone, I will produce a letter   Wherein 'twas plotted, he and you should meet   At an apothecary's summer-house,   Down by the River Tiber,--view 't, my lords,   Where after wanton bathing and the heat   Of a lascivious banquet--I pray read it,   I shame to speak the rest. Very good. You, gentlemen, Flamineo and Marcello,   The Court hath nothing now to charge you with,   Only you must remain upon your sureties   For your appearance. The Moor. [Aside.] A house of penitent whores. Do the noblemen in Rome   Erect it for their wives, that I am sent   To lodge there? Away with her,   Take her hence. a rape! That the last day of judgment may so find you,   And leave you the same devil you were before! O woman's poor revenge,   Which dwells but in the tongue! Of convertites. Sir, what 's the matter? [Aside.] Because now I cannot counterfeit   a whining passion for the death of my lady, I will feign a mad humour   for the disgrace of my sister; and that will keep off idle questions. Enter Giovanni, and Count Lodovico   Fran. what, in black! Is dead? Dead! Take him away for God's sake! SCENE III   Enter Flamineo as distracted, Marcello, and Lodovico   Flam. [Enter Savoy   Ambassador.] Enter French Ambassador   Fr. The   first blood shed in the world happened about religion. How? This was Brachiano's pander; and 'tis strange   That in such open, and apparent guilt   Of his adulterous sister, he dare utter   So scandalous a passion. The god of melancholy turn thy gall to poison,   And let the stigmatic wrinkles in thy face,   Like to the boisterous waves in a rough tide,   One still overtake another. And be lousy. What a strange creature is a laughing fool! As if man were created to no use   But only to show his teeth. The Pope, on 's death bed,   At th' earnest suit of the great Duke of Florence,   Hath sign'd your pardon, and restor'd unto you----   Lodo. Your sister is a damnable whore. Like one   That had for ever forfeited the daylight,   By being in debt. [Strikes him. [Exeunt Marcello and Flamineo.
ACT IV SCENE I   Enter Francisco and Monticelso   Mont. Far be it from my thoughts   To seek revenge. You know, for all the murders, rapes, and thefts,   Committed in the horrid lust of war,   He that unjustly caus'd it first proceed,   Shall find it in his grave, and in his seed. To pass away these thoughts, my honour'd lord,   It is reported you possess a book,   Wherein you have quoted, by intelligence,   The names of all notorious offenders   Lurking about the city. Enter Monticelso, with the book   Mont. O God! [Exit Monticelso. how she can frame   Things which are not! I am in love,   In love with Corombona; and my suit   Thus halts to her in verse.--                               [He writes. Bear this   To the House of Convertites, and watch your leisure   To give it to the hands of Corombona,   Or to the Matron, when some followers   Of Brachiano may be by. He that deals all by strength, his wit is shallow;   When a man's head goes through, each limb will follow. SCENE II   Enter the Matron, and Flamineo   Matron. Yonder 's Flamineo in conference   With the Matrona.--Let me speak with you:   I would entreat you to deliver for me   This letter to the fair Vittoria. A letter. 'To the most unfortunate, his best respected Vittoria'. Who was the messenger? who sent it? this juggling is gross and palpable. [Reads the letter.] Enter Vittoria to Brachiano and Flamineo   Brach. God's precious! you shall be a brave great lady,   A stately and advanced whore. No matter;   I 'll live so now, I 'll make that world recant,   And change her speeches. who sent me to it? Hand her, my lord, and kiss her: be not like   A ferret, to let go your hold with blowing. To add misery to misery! Ud's foot, it shall melt   To a heart again, or all the wine in Rome   Shall run o' th' lees for 't. The Pope being dead, and all the cardinals enter'd   The conclave, for th' electing a new Pope;   The city in a great confusion;   We may attire her in a page's suit,   Lay her post-horse, take shipping, and amain   For Padua. You two with your old mother,   And young Marcello that attends on Florence,   If you can work him to it, follow me:   I will advance you all; for you, Vittoria,   Think of a duchess' title. The crocodile, which lives   in the River Nilus, hath a worm breeds i' th' teeth of 't, which puts   it to extreme anguish: a little bird, no bigger than a wren, is   barber-surgeon to this crocodile; flies into the jaws of 't, picks out   the worm, and brings present remedy. The fish, glad of ease, but   ungrateful to her that did it, that the bird may not talk largely of   her abroad for non-payment, closeth her chaps, intending to swallow   her, and so put her to perpetual silence. It may appear to some ridiculous   Thus to talk knave and madman, and sometimes   Come in with a dried sentence, stuffed with sage:   But this allows my varying of shapes;   Knaves do grow great by being great men's apes. SCENE III   Enter Francisco, Lodovico, Gasparo, and six Ambassadors   Fran. Guard well the conclave; and, as the order is,   Let none have conference with the cardinals. Room for the ambassadors. I could describe to you   Their several institutions, with the laws   Annexed to their orders; but that time   Permits not such discovery. 'Tis o' th' point of dinner time;   Marshal the cardinals' service. When first they enter,   'Tis lawful for the ambassadors of princes   To enter with them, and to make their suit   For any man their prince affecteth best;   But after, till a general election,   No man may speak with them. You that attend on the lord cardinals,   Open the window, and receive their viands. I 'll lay a thousand ducats you hear news   Of a Pope presently. Hark; sure he 's elected:   Behold, my Lord of Arragon appears   On the church battlements. [A Cardinal on the terrace. Is fled the city----   Fran. Servant. Let the Matrona of the Convertites   Be apprehended. why, 'twas this   I only labour'd: I did send the letter   T' instruct him what to do. My lord reports Vittoria Corombona   Is stol'n from forth the House of Convertites   By Brachiano, and they 're fled the city. [Exeunt all but Francisco and Lodovico. [Exit Francisco. Enter Monticelso   Mont. To the Duke of Florence? Bear him these thousand ducats to his lodging.
ACT V SCENE I   A passage over the stage of Brachiano, Flamineo, Marcello, Hortensio,   Corombona, Cornelia, Zanche, and others: Flamineo and Hortensio remain. Saw you not yet the Moor that 's come to court? Two noblemen of Hungary, that, living in the emperor's service as   commanders, eight years since, contrary to the strict Order of   Capuchins; but, being not well settled in their undertaking, they left   their Order, and returned to court; for which, being after troubled in   conscience, they vowed their service against the enemies of Christ,   went to Malta, were there knighted, and in their return back, at this   great solemnity, they are resolved for ever to forsake the world, and   settle themselves here in a house of Capuchins in Padua. Enter Brachiano, Francisco disguised like Mulinassar, Lodovico   and Gasparo, bearing their swords, their helmets down, Antonelli,   Farnese. I shall persuade them to stay, my lord. [Exeunt Brachiano, Flamineo, and Hortensio. Noble my lord, most fortunately welcome;                                            [The conspirators her embrace. That while he had been bandying at tennis,   He might have sworn himself to hell, and strook   His soul into the hazard! On, then. Flamineo comes. [Exeunt Lodovico, Antonelli, and Gasparo. Enter Flamineo, Marcello, and Zanche   Marc. If this soldier had a patent to beg in churches, then he would   tell them stories. because they belong to the lord of the   manor; whilst your poor sparrows, that belong to the Lord of Heaven,   they go to the pot for 't. The duke says he   will give you pension; that 's but bare promise; get it under his hand. Enter Hortensio, a young Lord, Zanche, and two more. What 's he? 'Faith, I made to her some such dark promise; and, in seeking to   fly from 't, I run on, like a frighted dog with a bottle at 's tail,   that fain would bite it off, and yet dares not look behind him. Their satin cannot save them: I am confident   They have a certain spice of the disease;   For they that sleep with dogs shall rise with fleas. Lovers' oaths are like mariners' prayers, uttered in extremity;   but when the tempest is o'er, and that the vessel leaves tumbling, they   fall from protesting to drinking. And yet, amongst gentlemen,   protesting and drinking go together, and agree as well as shoemakers   and Westphalia bacon: they are both drawers on; for drink draws on   protestation, and protestation draws on more drink. Is not this   discourse better now than the morality of your sunburnt gentleman? Enter Cornelia   Corn. She brags that you shall marry her. With a fan of feather? [Exit Flamineo. [Exeunt all but Zanche. [Enter Francisco. SCENE II   Enter Marcello and Cornelia   Corn. [Flamineo runs Marcello through. Help! Enter Lodovico, Hortensio, and Gasparo   Hort. How! This it is to rise   By all dishonest means! He 's dead. Let me call him again, for God's   sake! his   bleeding inward will kill him. Let me come to him; give me him as he is, if he be turn'd to   earth; let me but give him one hearty kiss, and you shall put us both   in one coffin. Will you lose him for a little painstaking? Enter Brachiano, all armed, save the beaver, with Flamineo and others   Brach. It was my misfortune. He lies, he lies! [She runs to Flamineo with her knife drawn, and coming to him lets it   fall. Mother, pray tell me   How came he by his death? That is not true, madam. Only a lease of your life; and that shall last   But for one day: thou shalt be forc'd each evening   To renew it, or be hang'd. He calls for his destruction. This shall his passage to the black lake further;   The last good deed he did, he pardon'd murder. SCENE III   Charges and shouts. Away with him to torture. the infection   Flies to the brain and heart. [Enter Lodovico and Gasparo, as Capuchins. Franciscans:   They have brought the extreme unction. [Exeunt all but Francisco and Flamineo. To see what solitariness is about dying princes! where are their flatterers now? flatterers are but the shadows of princes' bodies; the least thick   cloud makes them invisible. Oh, speak well of the duke! [Enter Lodovico. How is it with the duke? [Enter Brachiano, presented in a bed, Vittoria and others. See, see Flamineo, that kill'd his brother,   Is dancing on the ropes there, and he carries   A money-bag in each hand, to keep him even,   For fear of breaking 's neck: and there 's a lawyer,   In a gown whipped with velvet, stares and gapes   When the money will fall. [Brachiano seems here near his end; Lodovico and Gasparo, in the habit     of Capuchins, present him in his bed with a crucifix and hallowed     candle. [By the crucifix. [Here, the rest being departed, Lodovico and Gasparo discover themselves. Brachiano. A slave condemn'd and given up to the gallows,   Is thy great lord and master. True; for thou   Art given up to the devil. And be forgotten   Before the funeral sermon. [Enter Vittoria and the Attendants. This is a true-love knot   Sent from the Duke of Florence. [Brachiano is strangled. The snuff is out. Rest to his soul! I cannot conjure; but if prayers or oaths   Will get to th' speech of him, though forty devils   Wait on him in his livery of flames,   I 'll speak to him, and shake him by the hand,   Though I be blasted. Excellent Lodovico! Enter the Moor   Lodo. Now to the revelation of that secret   She promis'd when she fell in love with you. There was a dream indeed! Right;   For which, urg'd with contrition, I intend   This night to rob Vittoria. You 'll wait about midnight in the chapel? [Exit Zanche. SCENE IV   Enter Flamineo and Gasparo, at one door; another way, Giovanni, attended   Gas. When you are dead, father, said he, I hope that I shall ride in   the saddle. he may   stretch himself in the stirrups, look about, and see the whole compass   of the hemisphere. It is the pleasure, sir, of the young duke,   That you forbear the presence, and all rooms   That owe him reverence. Court. Verily, Master Courtier, extremity is not to be used in all   offices: say, that a gentlewoman were taken out of her bed about   midnight, and committed to Castle Angelo, to the tower yonder, with   nothing about her but her smock, would it not show a cruel part in the   gentleman-porter to lay claim to her upper garment, pull it o'er her   head and ears, and put her in naked? Court. [He draws the traverse. Cornelia, the Moor, and three other          Ladies discovered winding Marcello's corse. A song. Alas, her grief   Hath turn'd her child again! You 're very welcome:                               [To Flamineo. His wealth is summ'd, and this is all his store,   This poor men get, and great men get no more. [Exeunt Cornelia and Ladies. [Enter Francisco. Enter Brachiano's Ghost, in his leather cassock and breeches, boots, a   cowl, a pot of lily flowers, with a skull in 't     Ha! Pray, sir, resolve me, what religion 's best   For a man to die in? That 's the most necessary question. are you still, like some great men   That only walk like shadows up and down,   And to no purpose; say----                [The Ghost throws earth upon him, and shows him the skull. A dead man's skull beneath the roots of flowers! SCENE V   Enter Francisco, Lodovico, and Hortensio   Lodo. My lord, leave the city,   Or I 'll forswear the murder. [Exit. I 'll presently   Down to the citadel, and raise some force. SCENE VI   Enter Vittoria with a book in her hand, Zanche; Flamineo following them   Flam. For your service! I will read it:   I give that portion to thee, and no other,   Which Cain groan'd under, having slain his brother. A most courtly patent to beg by. [He enters with two cases of pistols. He did, and 'twas a deadly jealousy,   Lest any should enjoy thee after him,   That urged him vow me to it. This is your melancholy, and despair. Away:   Fool thou art, to think that politicians   DO use to kill the effects or injuries   And let the cause live. will you turn your body,   Which is the goodly palace of the soul,   To the soul's slaughter-house? [Aside.] Gentle madam,   Seem to consent, only persuade him to teach   The way to death; let him die first. [They shoot, and run to him, and tread upon him. I tread the fire out   That would have been my ruin. Will you be perjured? Oh, that we had such an oath   to minister, and to be so well kept in our courts of justice! Trust a woman? That ever man should marry! Isabella! and Gasparo! Yes; and that Moor the duke gave pension to   Was the great Duke of Florence. What remains now? Bind him to the pillar. Naught grieves but that you are too few to feed   The famine of our vengeance. Kill the Moor first. You shall not kill her first; behold my breast:   I will be waited on in death; my servant   Shall never go before me. Then cast anchor. And thou so near the bottom? I do not look   Who went before, nor who shall follow me;   No, at my self I will begin the end. [Vittoria dies. [Dies. Enter Ambassadors and Giovanni   Eng. Away with them to prison, and to torture:   All that have hands in this shall taste our justice,   As I hope heaven.
ACT I SCENE I   Enter Count Lodovico, Antonelli, and Gasparo   Lodo. Fortune 's a right whore:   If she give aught, she deals it in small parcels,   That she may take away all at one swoop. The law doth sometimes mediate, thinks it good   Not ever to steep violent sins in blood:   This gentle penance may both end your crimes,   And in the example better these bad times. So; but I wonder then some great men 'scape   This banishment: there 's Paulo Giordano Ursini,   The Duke of Brachiano, now lives in Rome,   And by close panderism seeks to prostitute   The honour of Vittoria Corombona:   Vittoria, she that might have got my pardon   For one kiss to the duke. Great men sell sheep, thus to be cut in pieces,   When first they have shorn them bare, and sold their fleeces.
Unto my lord the duke,   The best of welcome. More lights: attend the duke. [Exeunt Camillo and Vittoria. Flamineo. I have dealt already with her chambermaid,   Zanche the Moor, and she is wondrous proud   To be the agent for so high a spirit. that 's but the superficies of lust most women have;   yet why should ladies blush to hear that named, which they do not fear   to handle? So unable to please a   woman, that, like a Dutch doublet, all his back is shrunk into his   breaches. 'Tis just   like a summer bird-cage in a garden: the birds that are without despair   to get in, and the birds that are within despair and are in a   consumption for fear they shall never get out. [Exit Brachiano as Camillo enters. 'T had been your part   To have made up that flaw. The duke your master visits me, I thank him;   And I perceive how, like an earnest bowler,   He very passionately leans that way   he should have his bowl run. Bar her the sight of revels. Let her not go to church, but, like a hound   In leon, at your heels. And so you should be certain in one fortnight,   Despite her chastity or innocence,   To be cuckolded, which yet is in suspense:   This is my counsel, and I ask no fee for 't. [You need not have carved him, in faith; they say he is a capon   already. Shall a gentleman   so well descended as Camillo [a lousy slave, that within this twenty   years rode with the black guard in the duke's carriage, 'mongst spits   and dripping-pans!] Now he begins to tickle her. He will make her know what is in me. Now he comes to 't. [To Camillo.] He will give thee a ring with a philosopher's stone in it. Walk by her a' th' nobleman's fashion, and tell her you will lie   with her at the end of the progress. To lie with you to-night. You 'll spin a fair thread, trust to 't. Didst thou not mark the jest of the silkworm? Enter Cornelia listening, but unperceived. [Aside.] To pass away the time, I 'll tell your grace   A dream I had last night. This harmless yew;   They told me my intent was to root up   That well-grown yew, and plant i' the stead of it   A wither'd blackthorn; and for that they vow'd   To bury me alive. When to my rescue there arose, methought,   A whirlwind, which let fall a massy arm   From that strong plant;   And both were struck dead by that sacred yew,   In that base shallow grave that was their due. She hath taught him in a dream   To make away his duchess and her husband. You are lodg'd within his arms who shall protect you   From all the fevers of a jealous husband,   From the poor envy of our phlegmatic duchess. come to Rome! Are you out of your wits? No, I 'll to bed:   Send Doctor Julio to me presently. The duchess come to court!
ACT II SCENE I   Enter Francisco de Medicis, Cardinal Monticelso, Marcello, Isabella,   young Giovanni, with little Jacques the Moor   Fran. My lord, the duke is here. [Exit Isabella as Brachiano and Flamineo   enter.] Now you that are his second, what say you? What of this? But to express the sonnet by natural reason,                                                          [Enter Giovanni. Now is he apt for knowledge; therefore know   It is a more direct and even way,   To train to virtue those of princely blood,   By examples than by precepts: if by examples,   Whom should he rather strive to imitate   Than his own father? Give me a pike. He flies with the shell on 's head. The first year, uncle, that I go to war,   All prisoners that I take, I will set free,   Without their ransom. Why then, the next year following,   You 'll have no men to go with you to war. See, a good habit makes a child a man,   Whereas a bad one makes a man a beast. [Exeunt Francisco, Monticelso, and Giovanni. And above health,   To see my lord well. I am to learn what that Italian means. Because your brother is the corpulent duke,   That is, the great duke, 'sdeath, I shall not shortly   Racket away five hundred crowns at tennis,   But it shall rest 'pon record! I scorn him   Like a shav'd Polack: all his reverend wit   Lies in his wardrobe; he 's a discreet fellow,   When he 's made up in his robes of state. First made this match: accursed be the priest   That sang the wedding-mass, and even my issue! No more; go, go, complain to the great duke. Enter Francisco, Flamineo, Monticelso, and Camillo   Brach. Look upon other women, with what patience   They suffer these slight wrongs, and with what justice   They study to requite them: take that course. How, ne'er more lie with him! And this divorce shall be as truly kept   As if in thronged court a thousand ears   Had heard it, and a thousand lawyers' hands   Sealed to the separation. Now, by my birth, you are a foolish, mad,   And jealous woman. To see her come   To my lord for a dispensation   Of her rash vow, will beget excellent laughter. About the murder? Oh, the doctor! Doctor. But for Camillo? Monticelso, Camillo, and Francisco come forward. That is,   Plenty of horns hath made him poor of horns. Is it given out so? Upon a time Phoebus, the god of light,   Or him we call the sun, would need to be married:   The gods gave their consent, and Mercury   Was sent to voice it to the general world. They came to Jupiter all in a sweat,   And do forbid the banns. Marcello   Is chosen with you joint commissioner,   For the relieving our Italian coast   From pirates. and, besides,   Count Lodowick, which was rumour'd for a pirate,   Is now in Padua. Is 't true? We shall not want his absence past six days:   I fain would have the Duke Brachiano run   Into notorious scandal; for there 's naught   In such cursed dotage, to repair his name,   Only the deep sense of some deathless shame. Sure he 'll not leave her? There 's small pity in 't:   Like mistletoe on sere elms spent by weather,   Let him cleave to her, and both rot together.
'Twas her custom nightly,   Before she went to bed, to go and visit   Your picture, and to feed her eyes and lips   On the dead shadow: Doctor Julio,   Observing this, infects it with an oil,   And other poison'd stuff, which presently   Did suffocate her spirits. The Second Dumb Show   Enter Flamineo, Marcello, Camillo, with four more as captains: they drink   healths, and dance; a vaulting horse is brought into the room; Marcello   and two more whispered out of the room, while Flamineo and Camillo   strip themselves into their shirts, as to vault; compliment who shall   begin; as Camillo is about to vault, Flamineo pitcheth him upon his   neck, and, with the help of the rest, writhes his neck about; seems to   see if it be broke, and lays him folded double, as 'twere under the   horse; makes show to call for help; Marcello comes in, laments; sends   for the cardinal and duke, who comes forth with armed men; wonders at   the act; commands the body to be carried home; apprehends Flamineo,   Marcello, and the rest, and go, as 'twere, to apprehend Vittoria. [Exit Brachiano. Both flowers and weeds spring, when the sun is warm,   And great men do great good, or else great harm.
ACT III SCENE I   Enter Francisco de Medicis, and Monticelso, their Chancellor and Register   Fran. You have dealt discreetly, to obtain the presence   Of all the great lieger ambassadors   To hear Vittoria's trial. I wonder   If Brachiano will be here? 'Twere impudence too palpable. Enter Flamineo and Marcello guarded, and a Lawyer   Lawyer. If it can be proved they have but kissed one another----   Flam. the ambassadors are 'lighted----   Flam. I do put on this feigned garb of mirth,   To gull suspicion. I am a kind of path   To her and mine own preferment. I 'll think on 't. The lord ambassadors. Enter French Ambassador   Lawyer. he 's an   admirable tilter. Enter English and Spanish   Lawyer.
SCENE II   The Arraignment of Vittoria   Enter Francisco, Monticelso, the six Lieger Ambassadors, Brachiano,   Vittoria, Zanche, Flamineo, Marcello, Lawyer, and a Guard. A chair there for his Lordship. Stand to the table, gentlewoman. A lawyer that pleads against you. Why, you understand Latin. Lawyer. I shall be plainer with you, and paint out   Your follies in more natural red and white   Than that upon your cheek. My honourable lord,   It doth not suit a reverend cardinal   To play the lawyer thus. Shall I expound whore to you? What's a whore! She 's like the guilty counterfeited coin,   Which, whosoe'er first stamps it, brings in trouble   All that receive it. She hath liv'd ill.   Eng. True, but the cardinal 's too bitter. You know what whore is. Next the devil adultery,   Enters the devil murder. And by a vaulting engine. An active plot; he jump'd into his grave. And look upon this creature was his wife! You shame your wit and judgment,   To call it so. is my just defence   By him that is my judge call'd impudence? To the point. She hath a brave spirit. That question   Enforceth me break silence: I was there. Why, I came to comfort he,   And take some course for settling her estate,   Because I heard her husband was in debt   To you, my lord. He was. The act of blood let pass; only descend   To matters of incontinence. Condemn you me for that the duke did love me? Who brought this letter? My lord duke sent to you a thousand ducats   The twelfth of August. 'Twas to keep your cousin   From prison; I paid use for 't. Who says so but yourself? Go to, go to. [Aside.] The Moor. A house of convertites! A house of penitent whores. You must have patience. Away with her,   Take her hence. How? It shall not be a house of convertites;   My mind shall make it honester to me   Than the Pope's palace, and more peaceable   Than thy soul, though thou art a cardinal. Good; this is a preface to the discovery of the   duchess' death: he carries it well. Treason's tongue hath a villainous palsy in 't; I will talk to any man,   hear no man, and for a time appear a politic madman. Enter Giovanni, and Count Lodovico   Fran. what, in black! Is dead? What do the dead do, uncle? do they eat,   Hear music, go a-hunting, and be merry,   As we that live? No, coz; they sleep. Good God, let her sleep ever! I have often heard her say she gave me suck,   And it should seem by that she dearly lov'd me,   Since princes seldom do it. [Exit Giovanni.
SCENE III   Enter Flamineo as distracted, Marcello, and Lodovico   Flam. [Enter Savoy   Ambassador.] You must have comfort. Enter French Ambassador   Fr. and O man,   what a devil art thou to be tempted by that cursed mineral! The   first blood shed in the world happened about religion. Oh, there are too many! You are deceived; there are not Jews enough, priests enough, nor   gentlemen enough. This was Brachiano's pander; and 'tis strange   That in such open, and apparent guilt   Of his adulterous sister, he dare utter   So scandalous a passion. I must wind him. Re-enter Flamineo. Sit some three days together, and discourse? With faggots for our pillows. And be lousy. [Enter Antonelli and Gasparo. The Pope, on 's death bed,   At th' earnest suit of the great Duke of Florence,   Hath sign'd your pardon, and restor'd unto you----   Lodo. Your sister is a damnable whore. [Strikes him. [Exeunt Marcello and Flamineo. A pox upon him; all his reputation,   Nay, all the goodness of his family,   Is not worth half this earthquake:   I learn'd it of no fencer to shake thus:   Come, I 'll forget him, and go drink some wine.
ACT IV SCENE I   Enter Francisco and Monticelso   Mont. Far be it from my thoughts   To seek revenge. Shall I defy him, and impose a war,   Most burthensome on my poor subjects' necks,   Which at my will I have not power to end? You know, for all the murders, rapes, and thefts,   Committed in the horrid lust of war,   He that unjustly caus'd it first proceed,   Shall find it in his grave, and in his seed. We see that undermining more prevails   Than doth the cannon. Well may the title hold; for though it teach not   The art of conjuring, yet in it lurk   The names of many devils. Monticelso,   I will not trust thee, but in all my plots   I 'll rest as jealous as a town besieg'd. Enter Monticelso, with the book   Mont. But to the use I 'll make of it; it shall serve   To point me out a list of murderers,   Agents for my villany. no, I 'll close mine eyes,   And in a melancholic thought I 'll frame                                                  [Enter Isabella's Ghost. 'Tis my melancholy. I am in love,   In love with Corombona; and my suit   Thus halts to her in verse.--                               [He writes. Bear this   To the House of Convertites, and watch your leisure   To give it to the hands of Corombona,   Or to the Matron, when some followers   Of Brachiano may be by.
SCENE II   Enter the Matron, and Flamineo   Matron. The Pope lies on his death-bed, and their heads   Are troubled now with other business   Than guarding of a lady. Yonder 's Flamineo in conference   With the Matrona.--Let me speak with you:   I would entreat you to deliver for me   This letter to the fair Vittoria. Matron. A letter. What 's that you read, Flamineo? 'To the most unfortunate, his best respected Vittoria'. who sent it? Read it, read it. Come, I 'll lead you to her. Enter Vittoria to Brachiano and Flamineo   Brach. I 'll give you the bells,   And let you fly to the devil. Florence! Woman to man   Is either a god, or a wolf. Whose death God pardon! Now for ten whirlwinds. did not the judge style it   A house of penitent whores? Once to be jealous of thee, is t' express   That I will love thee everlastingly,   And never more be jealous. for that,   In the sea's bottom sooner thou shalt make   A bonfire. To add misery to misery! Soft; the same project which the Duke of Florence,   (Whether in love or gallery I know not)   Laid down for her escape, will I pursue. The Pope being dead, and all the cardinals enter'd   The conclave, for th' electing a new Pope;   The city in a great confusion;   We may attire her in a page's suit,   Lay her post-horse, take shipping, and amain   For Padua. The crocodile, which lives   in the River Nilus, hath a worm breeds i' th' teeth of 't, which puts   it to extreme anguish: a little bird, no bigger than a wren, is   barber-surgeon to this crocodile; flies into the jaws of 't, picks out   the worm, and brings present remedy. The fish, glad of ease, but   ungrateful to her that did it, that the bird may not talk largely of   her abroad for non-payment, closeth her chaps, intending to swallow   her, and so put her to perpetual silence. But nature, loathing such   ingratitude, hath armed this bird with a quill or prick on the head,   top o' th' which wounds the crocodile i' th' mouth, forceth her open   her bloody prison, and away flies the pretty tooth-picker from her   cruel patient.
SCENE III   Enter Francisco, Lodovico, Gasparo, and six Ambassadors   Fran. Guard well the conclave; and, as the order is,   Let none have conference with the cardinals. Room for the ambassadors. Servant. Servant. Why doth he search the dishes? When first they enter,   'Tis lawful for the ambassadors of princes   To enter with them, and to make their suit   For any man their prince affecteth best;   But after, till a general election,   No man may speak with them. You must return the service: the lord cardinals   Are busied 'bout electing of the Pope;   They have given o'er scrutiny, and are fallen   To admiration. [A Cardinal on the terrace. Well, what of her? With Duke Brachiano. Let the Matrona of the Convertites   Be apprehended. This follows:   The hand must act to drown the passionate tongue,   I scorn to wear a sword and prate of wrong. Enter Monticelso in State   Mont. My lord reports Vittoria Corombona   Is stol'n from forth the House of Convertites   By Brachiano, and they 're fled the city. [Exeunt all but Francisco and Lodovico. Most of his court are of my faction,   And some are of my council. [Exit Francisco. About some murder, was 't not? To the Duke of Florence? Enter Servant and Francisco   Fran. Servant. Bear him these thousand ducats to his lodging. Tell him the Pope hath sent them. Happily   That will confirm more than all the rest.
ACT V SCENE I   A passage over the stage of Brachiano, Flamineo, Marcello, Hortensio,   Corombona, Cornelia, Zanche, and others: Flamineo and Hortensio remain. Two noblemen of Hungary, that, living in the emperor's service as   commanders, eight years since, contrary to the strict Order of   Capuchins; but, being not well settled in their undertaking, they left   their Order, and returned to court; for which, being after troubled in   conscience, they vowed their service against the enemies of Christ,   went to Malta, were there knighted, and in their return back, at this   great solemnity, they are resolved for ever to forsake the world, and   settle themselves here in a house of Capuchins in Padua. Is the Moor a Christian? Enter Brachiano, Francisco disguised like Mulinassar, Lodovico   and Gasparo, bearing their swords, their helmets down, Antonelli,   Farnese. Only one thing, as the last vanity   You e'er shall view, deny me not to stay   To see a barriers prepar'd to-night:   You shall have private standings. Set on there to the presence. [Exeunt Brachiano, Flamineo, and Hortensio. That while he had been bandying at tennis,   He might have sworn himself to hell, and strook   His soul into the hazard! On, then. And yet methinks that this revenge is poor,   Because it steals upon him like a thief:   To have ta'en him by the casque in a pitch'd field,   Led him to Florence----   Lodo. [Exeunt Lodovico, Antonelli, and Gasparo. Enter Flamineo, Marcello, and Zanche   Marc. In faith, you see, women are like to burs,   Where their affection throws them, there they 'll stick. What difference is between the duke and I? If this soldier had a patent to beg in churches, then he would   tell them stories. I have been a soldier too. And safely. because they belong to the lord of the   manor; whilst your poor sparrows, that belong to the Lord of Heaven,   they go to the pot for 't. [Exit Francisco. Enter Hortensio, a young Lord, Zanche, and two more. what, are they ready for the barriers? Young Lord. She knows some of my villainy. I do   love her just as a man holds a wolf by the ears; but for fear of her   turning upon me, and pulling out my throat, I would let her go to the   devil. Lovers' oaths are like mariners' prayers, uttered in extremity;   but when the tempest is o'er, and that the vessel leaves tumbling, they   fall from protesting to drinking. With a fan of feather? Very good. Young Lord. [Exeunt all but Zanche.
SCENE II   Enter Marcello and Cornelia   Corn. What is the quarrel? And broke a limb off. Help! I 'll to sanctuary,   And send a surgeon to you. Enter Lodovico, Hortensio, and Gasparo   Hort. Oh, mother, now remember what I told   Of breaking of the crucifix! He 's dead. he is not dead; he 's in a trance. Enter Brachiano, all armed, save the beaver, with Flamineo and others   Brach. It was my misfortune. He lies, he lies! [She runs to Flamineo with her knife drawn, and coming to him lets it   fall. The God of heaven forgive thee! Only a lease of your life; and that shall last   But for one day: thou shalt be forc'd each evening   To renew it, or be hang'd. [Lodovico sprinkles Brachiano's beaver with a poison. [Aside.] He calls for his destruction. This shall his passage to the black lake further;   The last good deed he did, he pardon'd murder.
They fight at barriers; first single pairs, then   three to three   Enter Brachiano and Flamineo, with others   Brach. Away with him to torture. Call the physicians. Physicians. [To Vittoria.] [Enter Lodovico and Gasparo, as Capuchins. Franciscans:   They have brought the extreme unction. [Exeunt all but Francisco and Flamineo. To see what solitariness is about dying princes! where are their flatterers now? He was a kind of statesman, that would sooner have reckoned how   many cannon-bullets he had discharged against a town, to count his   expense that way, than think how many of his valiant and deserving   subjects he lost before it. Oh, speak well of the duke! [Enter Lodovico. How is it with the duke? [Enter Brachiano, presented in a bed, Vittoria and others. Why, 'tis the devil. I know him by a great rose he wears on 's shoe,   To hide his cloven foot. I 'll dispute with him;   He 's a rare linguist. [Brachiano seems here near his end; Lodovico and Gasparo, in the habit     of Capuchins, present him in his bed with a crucifix and hallowed     candle. Pray, give us leave. [Here, the rest being departed, Lodovico and Gasparo discover themselves. Brachiano. And be forgotten   Before the funeral sermon. Vittoria! Vittoria! Strangle him in private. [Enter Vittoria and the Attendants. This is a true-love knot   Sent from the Duke of Florence. [Brachiano is strangled. The snuff is out. Vittoria and the others come forward   Omnes. Sure this was Florence' doing. Now have the people liberty to talk,   And descant on his vices. Not only blam'd for doing things are ill,   But for not doing all that all men will:   One were better be a thresher. Now he 's dead? Excellent Lodovico! did you terrify him at the last gasp? Yes, and so idly, that the duke had like   T' have terrified us. Now to the revelation of that secret   She promis'd when she fell in love with you. Yes, and for fashion sake I 'll dream with her. And criedst out, the hair did tickle thee. I did tell you   I would reveal a secret: Isabella,   The Duke of Florence' sister, was empoisone'd   By a fum'd picture; and Camillo's neck   Was broke by damn'd Flamineo, the mischance   Laid on a vaulting-horse. It is a dowry,   Methinks, should make that sun-burnt proverb false,   And was the AEthiop white. You 'll wait about midnight in the chapel? [Exit Zanche.
SCENE IV   Enter Flamineo and Gasparo, at one door; another way, Giovanni, attended   Gas. Wise was   the courtly peacock, that, being a great minion, and being compared for   beauty by some dottrels that stood by to the kingly eagle, said the   eagle was a far fairer bird than herself, not in respect of her   feathers, but in respect of her long talons: his will grow out in time. When you are dead, father, said he, I hope that I shall ride in   the saddle. Study my prayers! So the wolf and the raven are very pretty fools when they are   young. I will see them. Cornelia, the Moor, and three other          Ladies discovered winding Marcello's corse. A song. You are, I take it, the grave-maker. So. 'Tis Flamineo. They would not bury him 'cause he died in a quarrel;   But I have an answer for them:   Let holy Church receive him duly,   Since he paid the church-tithes truly. His wealth is summ'd, and this is all his store,   This poor men get, and great men get no more. [Exeunt Cornelia and Ladies. [Enter Francisco. Enter Brachiano's Ghost, in his leather cassock and breeches, boots, a   cowl, a pot of lily flowers, with a skull in 't     Ha! Or in the cursed dungeon? Pray, sir, resolve me, what religion 's best   For a man to die in? are you still, like some great men   That only walk like shadows up and down,   And to no purpose; say----                [The Ghost throws earth upon him, and shows him the skull. This is beyond melancholy.
SCENE V   Enter Francisco, Lodovico, and Hortensio   Lodo. For my part, I have paid   All my debts: so, if I should chance to fall,   My creditors fall not with me; and I vow,   To quit all in this bold assembly,   To the meanest follower. There 's some black deed on foot. I 'll presently   Down to the citadel, and raise some force.
SCENE VI   Enter Vittoria with a book in her hand, Zanche; Flamineo following them   Flam. Give o'er. [She writes. [He enters with two cases of pistols. what would you  have me do? For my death,   I did propound it voluntarily, knowing,   If he could not be safe in his own court,   Being a great duke, what hope then for us? Are you grown an atheist? will you turn your body,   Which is the goodly palace of the soul,   To the soul's slaughter-house? Cry out for help! Leave your prating,   For these are but grammatical laments,   Feminine arguments: and they move me,   As some in pulpits move their auditory,   More with their exclamation than sense   Of reason, or sound doctrine. Gentle madam,   Seem to consent, only persuade him to teach   The way to death; let him die first. I have held it   A wretched and most miserable life,   Which is not able to die. How, madam! [They shoot, and run to him, and tread upon him. to hell? I tread the fire out   That would have been my ruin. The pistols held no bullets; 'twas a plot   To prove your kindness to me; and I live   To punish your ingratitude. We lay   our souls to pawn to the devil for a little pleasure, and a woman makes   the bill of sale. That ever man should marry! A matachin it seems by your drawn swords. Isabella! Lodovico! and Gasparo! Yes; and that Moor the duke gave pension to   Was the great Duke of Florence. Bind him to the pillar. Naught grieves but that you are too few to feed   The famine of our vengeance. Kill the Moor first. Conceit can never kill me. Oh, what blade is 't? I love thee now; if woman do breed man,   She ought to teach him manhood. Know, many glorious women that are fam'd   For masculine virtue, have been vicious,   Only a happier silence did betide them:   She hath no faults, who hath the art to hide them. My soul, like to a ship in a black storm,   Is driven, I know not whither. While we look up to heaven, we confound   Knowledge with knowledge. Oh, I am in a mist! [Vittoria dies. Let all that belong to great men remember th' old wives' tradition, to   be like the lions i' th' Tower on Candlemas-day; to mourn if the sun   shine, for fear of the pitiful remainder of winter to come. 'Tis well yet there 's some goodness in my death;   My life was a black charnel. Enter Ambassadors and Giovanni   Eng. Away with them to prison, and to torture:   All that have hands in this shall taste our justice,   As I hope heaven. Let guilty men remember, their black deeds   Do lean on crutches made of slender reeds.
On a ship at sea: a tempestuous noise of thunder and lightning heard._    _Enter _a Ship-Master_ and _a Boatswain_._  _Mast._ Boatswain! Take in the topsail. Tend to the master's whistle. _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, FERDINAND, GONZALO,   and others._  _Alon._ Good boatswain, have care. _Boats._ I pray now, keep below. To cabin: silence! You are a Counsellor; if you can command these elements to silence,           20 and work the peace of the present, we will not hand a rope more; use your authority: if you cannot, give thanks you have lived so long, and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour, if it so hap. they are louder than the weather or our office. 35    _Re-enter SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, and GONZALO._  Yet again! all lost! _Gon._ The king and prince at prayers! --   "Farewell, brother!" _Ant._ Let's all sink with the king. Enter Sebastian,     Anthonio, and Gonzalo.
SCENE II. _The island. Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO and MIRANDA._  _Mir._ If by your art, my dearest father, you have Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them. Lend thy hand, And pluck my magic garment from me. But how is it That this lives in thy mind? 65  _Pros._ My brother, and thy uncle, call'd Antonio,-- I pray thee, mark me,--that a brother should Be so perfidious!--he whom, next thyself, Of all the world I loved, and to him put The manage of my state; as, at that time,                           70 Through all the signories it was the first, And Prospero the prime duke, being so reputed In dignity, and for the liberal arts Without a parallel; those being all my study, The government I cast upon my brother,                              75 And to my state grew stranger, being transported And rapt in secret studies. _Pros._ To have no screen between this part he play'd And him he play'd it for, he needs will be Absolute Milan. I come To answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly,                          190 To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride On the curl'd clouds, to thy strong bidding task Ariel and all his quality. All but mariners                       210 Plunged in the foaming brine, and quit the vessel, Then all afire with me: the king's son, Ferdinand, With hair up-staring,--then like reeds, not hair,-- Was the first man that leap'd; cried, "Hell is empty, And all the devils are here." 220 The king's son have I landed by himself; Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle, and sitting, His arms in this sad knot. 245  _Pros._ Before the time be out? no more! hast thou forgot her? This damn'd witch Sycorax, For mischiefs manifold, and sorceries terrible To enter human hearing, from Argier,                               265 Thou know'st, was banish'd: for one thing she did They would not take her life. slave! a spirit? _Fer._ Yes, faith, and all his lords; the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain. To the most of men this is a Caliban,                              480 And they to him are angels. _Mir._                                     Be of comfort;          495 My father's of a better nature, sir, Than he appears by speech: this is unwonted Which now came from him. _with the_     Steevens. 120: _Good ... sons_] Theobald suggested that these words should be     given to Prospero. 169: _Now I arise_] Continued to Miranda. _she_] Rowe (after Dryden). _made_ Ff.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause, So have we all, of joy; for our escape Is much beyond our loss. _Seb._ Look, he's winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike. _Gon._ Well, I have done: but yet,--                                25  _Seb._ He will be talking. The wager? _Seb._ Ay, and a subtle; as he most learnedly delivered. _Seb._ I think he will carry this island home in his pocket, and give it his son for an apple. Would I had never Married my daughter there! Who is so far from Italy removed I ne'er again shall see her. _Seb._ You were kneel'd to, and importuned otherwise, By all of us; and the fair soul herself Weigh'd between loathness and obedience, at Which end o' the beam should bow. _Gon._ My lord Sebastian,                                          130 The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness, And time to speak it in: you rub the sore, When you should bring the plaster. _Ant._ The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the beginning. [_Alonso sleeps. This is a strange repose, to be asleep With eyes wide open; standing, speaking, moving,                   205 And yet so fast asleep. _Seb._                    Prithee, say on: The setting of thine eye and cheek proclaim                        220 A matter from thee; and a birth, indeed, Which throes thee much to yield. Will you grant with me That Ferdinand is drown'd? Keep in Tunis,                          250 And let Sebastian wake." _Gon._                           Now, good angels Preserve the king! sure, it was the roar Of a whole herd of lions. 315 For he is, sure, i' th' island. 6: _of woe_] om. _His ... harp._     Seb. In Ff. the lines begin _Would ... Enter Ariel with music and     song.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN with a burden of wood. A noise of thunder heard._  _Cal._ All the infections that the sun sucks up From bogs, fens, flats, on Prosper fall, and make him By inch-meal a disease! [_Thunder._] Alas, the storm is come     35 again! I have not scaped drowning, to be afeard now of your four legs; for it hath been said, As proper a man as ever went on four legs cannot make him give ground; and it shall be said so again, while Stephano breathes at's nostrils. _Ste._ He's in his fit now, and does not talk after the             70 wisest. He shall taste of my bottle: if he have never drunk wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit. _Ste._ Four legs and two voices,--a most delicate monster! His forward voice, now, is to speak well of his friend; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract. _Trin._ Stephano! _Trin._ Stephano! If thou beest Stephano, touch me, and speak to me; for I am Trinculo,--be not afeard,--thy good friend Trinculo. How earnest thou to be the siege of this moon-calf? can he vent Trinculos? _Trin._ I took him to be killed with a thunder-stroke. 100 But art thou not drowned, Stephano? Is the storm overblown? I hid me under the dead moon-calf's gaberdine for fear of the storm. And art thou living, Stephano? That's a brave god, and bears celestial liquor: I will kneel to him. A plague upon the tyrant that I serve! Lead the way. _sent_ Edd.
_Mir._             It would become me As well as it does you: and I should do it With much more ease; for my good will is to it,                     30 And yours it is against. _Mir._           Miranda. _Fer._                          Admired Miranda! _Mir._                   Do you love me? _Mir._ At mine unworthiness, that dare not offer What I desire to give; and much less take What I shall die to want. _Fer._                 A thousand thousand!
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO._  _Ste._ Tell not me;--when the butt is out, we will drink water; not a drop before: therefore bear up, and board 'em. the folly of this island! _Cal._ Lo, how he mocks me! bite him to death, I prithee. Wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit I made to thee? _Enter ARIEL, invisible._  _Cal._ As I told thee before, I am subject to a tyrant, a           40 sorcerer, that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island. take thou that. this can sack and                75 drinking do. _Ste._ Monster, I will kill this man: his daughter and I will be king and queen,--save our Graces!--and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys. Dost thou like the plot, Trinculo? 110  _Ari._ This will I tell my master. 140  _Cal._ When Prospero is destroyed. I'll follow, Stephano. The other... Pope.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ By'r lakin, I can go no further, sir; My old bones ache: here's a maze trod, indeed, Through forth-rights and meanders! 10  _Ant._ [_Aside to Seb._] I am right glad that he's so out of hope. _Ant._ [_Aside to Seb._] Let it be to-night; For, now they are oppress'd with travel, they                       15 Will not, nor cannot, use such vigilance As when they are fresh. _Enter PROSPERO above, invisible. Enter several strange Shapes,   bringing in a banquet: they dance about it with gentle actions of   salutation; and, inviting the King, &c. to eat, they depart._  _Alon._ Give us kind keepers, heavens!--What were these? _Alon._                                Not I. _Thunder and lightning. [_Exit._  _Seb._                       But one fiend at a time, I'll fight their legions o'er. and Ant._  _Gon._ All three of them are desperate: their great guilt, Like poison given to work a great time after,                      105 Now 'gins to bite the spirits. 17: Prospero above] Malone.
ACT IV. Sit, then, and talk with her; she is thine own. _Ari._ Before you can say, 'come,' and 'go,'             And breathe twice, and cry, 'so, so,'                   45             Each one, tripping on his toe,             Will be here with mop and mow. _Iris._ A contract of true love to celebrate;     And some donation freely to estate                              85     On the blest lovers. May I be bold To think these spirits? [_Juno and Ceres whisper, and send Iris on employment._  _Pros._                  Sweet, now, silence! _Enter certain Reapers, properly habited: they join with the     Nymphs in a graceful dance; towards the end whereof PROSPERO     starts suddenly, and speaks; after which, to a strange, hollow,     and confused noise, they heavily vanish._  _Pros._ [_Aside_] I had forgot that foul conspiracy Of the beast Caliban and his confederates                          140 Against my life: the minute of their plot Is almost come. _Enter ARIEL._  _Ari._ Thy thoughts I cleave to. _PROSPERO and ARIEL remain, invisible. Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO,   and TRINCULO, all wet._  _Cal._ Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not Hear a foot fall: we now are near his cell. _Cal._ Good my lord, give me thy favour still. Be patient, for the prize I'll bring thee to Shall hoodwink this mischance: therefore speak softly. O worthy Stephano! Now is the jerkin under the line: now, jerkin,          235 you are like to lose your hair, and prove a bald jerkin. _A noise of hunters heard. _of_ F1. 14: _but_] F1. A MASQUE. 72: After this line Ff. _on them_ Ff. Prospero ... invisible. _to_ Pope. 256: _they_] F1 F3 F4.
_Before the cell of Prospero._    _Enter PROSPERO in his magic robes, and ARIEL._  _Pros._ Now does my project gather to a head: My charms crack not; my spirits obey; and time Goes upright with his carriage. [_Solemn music._    _Re-enter ARIEL before: then ALONSO, with a frantic gesture,   attended by GONZALO; SEBASTIAN and ANTONIO in like manner,   attended by ADRIAN and FRANCISCO: they all enter the circle   which PROSPERO had made, and there stand charmed; which PROSPERO   observing, speaks:_  A solemn air, and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy, cure thy brains, Now useless, boil'd within thy skull! To the king's ship, invisible as thou art: There shalt thou find the mariners asleep Under the hatches; the master and the boatswain Being awake, enforce them to this place,                           100 And presently, I prithee. [_Exit._  _Gon._ All torment, trouble, wonder and amazement Inhabits here: some heavenly power guide us                        105 Out of this fearful country! _Here Prospero discovers FERDINAND and MIRANDA playing at chess._  _Mir._ Sweet lord, you play me false. _Fer._ Though the seas threaten, they are merciful; I have cursed them without cause. _Gon._ Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue                 205 Should become kings of Naples? and set it down With gold on lasting pillars: In one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis, And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife                           210 Where he himself was lost, Prospero his dukedom In a poor isle, and all of us ourselves When no man was his own. What is the news? [_Aside to Ari._] Come hither, spirit: Set Caliban and his companions free; Untie the spell. What things are these, my lord Antonio? _Seb._ He is drunk now: where had he wine? 74: _Sebastian. Flesh and blood,_] _Sebastian, flesh and blood._     Theobald. 145: _and,_] _sir, and_ Capell. _Daughter_ Capell. _and_] om. _is_] _are_ Pope.] SPOKEN BY PROSPERO. PROSPERO.] For example, _Tempest_, IV. Rowe's reading 'princes' might be defended on the ground that the sentiment is general, and applicable to royal children of both sexes; or that Sir Philip Sidney, in the first book of the _Arcadia_, calls Pamela and Philoclea 'princes.' There is no reason to doubt that the _words_ are as Shakespeare wrote them, for, although the action of the play terminates in less than four hours (I. 186), yet Ariel's ministry is not to end till the voyage to Naples shall be over. Prospero, too, repeats his promise, and marks his contentment by further shortening the time of servitude, 'within two days,' I. The other part is borne by distant watch-dogs. The break in the construction seems to me characteristic of the speaker. But you must read the whole speech to feel the effect.' _Ay, sir; where lies that?
On a ship at sea: a tempestuous noise of thunder and lightning heard._    _Enter _a Ship-Master_ and _a Boatswain_._  _Mast._ Boatswain! Take in the topsail. Tend to the master's whistle. _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, FERDINAND, GONZALO,   and others._  _Alon._ Good boatswain, have care. _Boats._ I pray now, keep below. _Boats._ When the sea is. 35    _Re-enter SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, and GONZALO._  Yet again! Have you a mind to sink? We are less afraid to be drowned than thou art. _Gon._ I'll warrant him for drowning; though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell, and as leaky as an unstanched wench. to prayers, to prayers! all lost! _Gon._ The king and prince at prayers! _Ant._ Let's all sink with the king. The wills above be done! _Bring her to. Enter Sebastian,     Anthonio, and Gonzalo. 43: _for_] _from_ Theobald. 50-54: Printed as prose in Ff. 60: _with the_] Rowe.
_The island. Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO and MIRANDA._  _Mir._ If by your art, my dearest father, you have Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them. _Mir._                   More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts. 25 The direful spectacle of the wreck, which touch'd The very virtue of compassion in thee, I have with such provision in mine art So safely order'd, that there is no soul, No, not so much perdition as an hair                                30 Betid to any creature in the vessel Which thou heard'st cry, which thou saw'st sink. Canst thou remember A time before we came unto this cell? Had I not Four or five women once that tended me? What seest thou else In the dark backward and abysm of time? _Pros._ Twelve year since, Miranda, twelve year since, Thy father was the Duke of Milan, and A prince of power. 55  _Pros._ Thy mother was a piece of virtue, and She said thou wast my daughter; and thy father Was Duke of Milan; and his only heir And princess, no worse issued. _Pros._                Both, both, my girl: By foul play, as thou say'st, were we heaved thence; But blessedly holp hither. 65  _Pros._ My brother, and thy uncle, call'd Antonio,-- I pray thee, mark me,--that a brother should Be so perfidious!--he whom, next thyself, Of all the world I loved, and to him put The manage of my state; as, at that time,                           70 Through all the signories it was the first, And Prospero the prime duke, being so reputed In dignity, and for the liberal arts Without a parallel; those being all my study, The government I cast upon my brother,                              75 And to my state grew stranger, being transported And rapt in secret studies. Me, poor man, my library Was dukedom large enough: of temporal royalties                    110 He thinks me now incapable; confederates, So dry he was for sway, wi' the King of Naples To give him annual tribute, do him homage, Subject his coronet to his crown, and bend The dukedom, yet unbow'd,--alas, poor Milan!--                     115 To most ignoble stooping. 120 This King of Naples, being an enemy To me inveterate, hearkens my brother's suit; Which was, that he, in lieu o' the premises, Of homage and I know not how much tribute, Should presently extirpate me and mine                             125 Out of the dukedom, and confer fair Milan, With all the honours, on my brother: whereon, A treacherous army levied, one midnight Fated to the purpose, did Antonio open The gates of Milan; and, i' the dead of darkness,                  130 The ministers for the purpose hurried thence Me and thy crying self. _Pros._                   Hear a little further,                   135 And then I'll bring thee to the present business Which now's upon 's; without the which, this story Were most impertinent. In few, they hurried us aboard a bark, Bore us some leagues to sea; where they prepared                   145 A rotten carcass of a boat, not rigg'd, Nor tackle, sail, nor mast; the very rats Instinctively have quit it: there they hoist us, To cry to the sea that roar'd to us; to sigh To the winds, whose pity, sighing back again,                      150 Did us but loving wrong. _Pros._              Now I arise:  [_Resumes his mantle._ Sit still, and hear the last of our sea-sorrow. 195 I boarded the king's ship; now on the beak, Now in the waist, the deck, in every cabin, I flamed amazement: sometime I'ld divide, And burn in many places; on the topmast, The yards and bowsprit, would I flame distinctly,                  200 Then meet and join. Who was so firm, so constant, that this coil Would not infect his reason? _Ari._                     Not a soul But felt a fever of the mad, and play'd Some tricks of desperation. All but mariners                       210 Plunged in the foaming brine, and quit the vessel, Then all afire with me: the king's son, Ferdinand, With hair up-staring,--then like reeds, not hair,-- Was the first man that leap'd; cried, "Hell is empty, And all the devils are here." 220 The king's son have I landed by himself; Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle, and sitting, His arms in this sad knot. _Pros._                  Of the king's ship The mariners, say how thou hast disposed,                          225 And all the rest o' the fleet. _Ari._                       Safely in harbour Is the king's ship; in the deep nook, where once Thou call'dst me up at midnight to fetch dew From the still-vex'd Bermoothes, there she's hid: The mariners all under hatches stow'd;                             230 Who, with a charm join'd to their suffer'd labour, I have left asleep: and for the rest o' the fleet, Which I dispersed, they all have met again, And are upon the Mediterranean flote, Bound sadly home for Naples;                                       235 Supposing that they saw the king's ship wreck'd, And his great person perish. _Pros._ Thou dost; and think'st it much to tread the ooze Of the salt deep, To run upon the sharp wind of the north, To do me business in the veins o' the earth                        255 When it is baked with frost. Where was she born? _Pros._              O, was she so? Then was this island-- Save for the son that she did litter here, A freckled whelp hag-born--not honour'd with A human shape. _Ari._       Yes, Caliban her son. _Pros._        Shake it off. _Mir._               'Tis a villain, sir, I do not love to look on. Caliban! when? _Cal._ You taught me language; and my profit on't Is, I know how to curse. [_Aside_] I must obey: his art is of such power, It would control my dam's god, Setebos, And make a vassal of him. [_Exit Caliban._    _Re-enter ARIEL, invisible, playing and singing; FERDINAND   following._  _ARIEL'S song._      Come unto these yellow sands,                                  375         And then take hands:     Courtsied when you have and kiss'd         The wild waves whist:     Foot it featly here and there;     And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear. But 'tis a spirit. I am the best of them that speak this speech, Were I but where 'tis spoken. 430 What wert thou, if the King of Naples heard thee? _Fer._ Yes, faith, and all his lords; the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain. _Fer._               O, if a virgin, And your affection not gone forth, I'll make you The queen of Naples. one word more. Speak not you for him; he's a traitor. Follow. To the most of men this is a Caliban,                              480 And they to him are angels. _Fer._             So they are:                                    485 My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up. _Mir._                                     Be of comfort;          495 My father's of a better nature, sir, Than he appears by speech: this is unwonted Which now came from him. _Pros._                Thou shalt be as free As mountain winds: but then exactly do All points of my command. _Ari._                  To the syllable. Speak not for him. 58, 59: _and his only heir And princess_] _and his only heir     A princess_ Pope. _and though his only heir A princess_] Johnson conj. _made_ Pope. 302: _Be subject to_] _be subject To_ Malone. _cursed be I that_ Steevens.
ACT II. _Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause, So have we all, of joy; for our escape Is much beyond our loss. _Seb._ Look, he's winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike. _Ant._ Which, of he or Adrian, for a good wager, first begins to crow? _Ant._ The cockerel. The wager? _Gon._ How lush and lusty the grass looks! _Gon._ That our garments, being, as they were, drenched in the sea, hold, notwithstanding, their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dyed than stained with salt water. _Gon._ Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king's        65 fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis. you make me study of that: she was of Carthage, not of Tunis. _Seb._ I think he will carry this island home in his pocket, and give it his son for an apple. I mean, in a sort. Who is so far from Italy removed I ne'er again shall see her. _Fran._                   Sir, he may live: I saw him beat the surges under him, And ride upon their backs; he trod the water. Whose enmity he flung aside, and breasted                          110 The surge most swoln that met him; his bold head 'Bove the contentious waves he kept, and oar'd Himself with his good arms in lusty stroke To the shore, that o'er his wave-worn basis bow'd, As stooping to relieve him: I not doubt                            115 He came alive to land. _Alon._              No, no, he's gone. _Seb._ You were kneel'd to, and importuned otherwise, By all of us; and the fair soul herself Weigh'd between loathness and obedience, at Which end o' the beam should bow. _Alon._             So is the dear'st o' the loss. _Gon._ And were the king on't, what would I do? 140  _Gon._ I' the commonwealth I would by contraries Execute all things; for no kind of traffic Would I admit; no name of magistrate; Letters should not be known; riches, poverty, And use of service, none; contract, succession,                    145 Bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none; No use of metal, corn, or wine, or oil; No occupation; all men idle, all; And women too, but innocent and pure; No sovereignty;--                                                  150  _Seb._      Yet he would be king on't. _Ant._ The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the beginning. 160  _Gon._ I would with such perfection govern, sir, To excel the golden age. 180  _Ant._ Go sleep, and hear us. [_Alonso sleeps. 190  _Ant._ It is the quality o' the climate. I find not Myself disposed to sleep. They fell together all, as by consent; They dropp'd, as by a thunder-stroke. _Seb._                         I do; and surely It is a sleepy language, and thou speak'st Out of thy sleep. _Ant._             A space whose every cubit Seems to cry out, "How shall that Claribel Measure us back to Naples? Keep in Tunis,                          250 And let Sebastian wake." There be that can rule Naples As well as he that sleeps; lords that can prate As amply and unnecessarily                                         255 As this Gonzalo; I myself could make A chough of as deep chat. Draw thy sword: one stroke Shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest; And I the king shall love thee. _Ant._                        Draw together;                       285 And when I rear my hand, do you the like, To fall it on Gonzalo. [_They talk apart._    _Re-enter ARIEL invisible._  _Ari._ My master through his art foresees the danger That you, his friend, are in; and sends me forth,-- For else his project dies,--to keep them living. 290                             [_Sings in Gonzalo's ear._  While you here do snoring lie, Open-eyed conspiracy     His time doth take. _Gon._                           Now, good angels Preserve the king! ho, awake!--Why are you drawn? _Gon._                        What's the matter? _Ant._ O, 'twas a din to fright a monster's ear,                   305 To make an earthquake! sure, it was the roar Of a whole herd of lions. _Alon._                 Heard you this, Gonzalo? _Ari._ Prospero my lord shall know what I have done: So, king, go safely on to seek thy son. _him_] om. 129: _The fault's your own_] _the fault's your own_ (at the end     of 128) Capell. Enter Ariel, playing     solemn music. I find     ... Do not ... _And by that     destin'd to perform_ Musgrave conj. 251: See note (X). [They talk apart] Capell. Enter Ariel with music and     song.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN with a burden of wood. His spirits hear me, And yet I needs must curse. But they'll nor pinch, Fright me with urchin-shows, pitch me i' the mire,                   5 Nor lead me, like a firebrand, in the dark Out of my way, unless he bid 'em: but For every trifle are they set upon me; Sometime like apes, that mow and chatter at me, And after bite me; then like hedgehogs, which                       10 Lie tumbling in my barefoot way, and mount Their pricks at my footfall; sometime am I All wound with adders, who with cloven tongues Do hiss me into madness. Here comes a spirit of his, and to torment me                       15 For bringing wood in slowly. a man or a fish? Legged like a man! my best way is to creep under his gaberdine; there is no other shelter hereabout: misery acquaints a man with strange bed-fellows. I will here shroud till the dregs of the storm be past. Do                   55 you put tricks upon 's with savages and men of Ind, ha? _Ste._ This is some monster of the isle with four legs, who hath got, as I take it, an ague. Where the devil should he learn our language? I will give him some relief, if it be but for that. If I can recover him, and keep him tame, and          65 get to Naples with him, he's a present for any emperor that ever trod on neat's-leather. His forward voice, now, is to speak well of his friend; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract. How earnest thou to be the siege of this moon-calf? _Trin._ I took him to be killed with a thunder-stroke. Is the storm overblown? That's a brave god, and bears celestial liquor: I will kneel to him. 115  _Cal._ I'll swear, upon that bottle, to be thy true subject; for the liquor is not earthly. _Ste._ Out o' the moon, I do assure thee: I was the man i' the moon when time was. _Ste._ Come on, then; down, and swear. _Trin._ But that the poor monster's in drink: an abominable monster! _Trin._ A howling monster; a drunken monster! Lead the way. 15: _and_] _now_ Pope. 46: _and Marian_] _Mirian_ Pope. _the new_ F2 F3 F4. 138: _island_] F1.
_Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter FERDINAND, bearing a log._  _Fer._ There be some sports are painful, and their labour Delight in them sets off: some kinds of baseness Are nobly undergone, and most poor matters Point to rich ends. And he's composed of harshness. I must remove Some thousands of these logs, and pile them up,                     10 Upon a sore injunction: my sweet mistress Weeps when she sees me work, and says, such baseness Had never like executor. _Enter MIRANDA; and PROSPERO at a distance, unseen._  _Mir._                  Alas, now, pray you,                        15 Work not so hard: I would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoin'd to pile! I do beseech you,-- Chiefly that I might set it in my prayers,--                        35 What is your name? _Mir._           Miranda. _Fer._                          Admired Miranda! Indeed the top of admiration! worth What's dearest to the world! _Mir._                   Do you love me? if hollowly, invert                                70 What best is boded me to mischief! Heavens rain grace                     75 On that which breeds between 'em! But this is trifling; And all the more it seeks to hide itself,                           80 The bigger bulk it shows. _Mir._                My husband, then? and Mir. _with all_ Ff.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO._  _Ste._ Tell not me;--when the butt is out, we will drink water; not a drop before: therefore bear up, and board 'em. Servant-monster, drink to me. the folly of this island! Let me lick thy shoe. _Ste._ Marry, will I: kneel and repeat it; I will stand, and so shall Trinculo. _Enter ARIEL, invisible._  _Cal._ As I told thee before, I am subject to a tyrant, a           40 sorcerer, that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island. _Ari._ Thou liest. _Ste._ Mum, then, and no more. this can sack and                75 drinking do. 80  _Cal._ Beat him enough: after a little time, I'll beat him too. Burn but his books. He has brave utensils,--for so he calls them,-- Which, when he has a house, he'll deck withal. _Cal._ Ay, lord; she will become thy bed, I warrant,               100 And bring thee forth brave brood. _Ste._ Monster, I will kill this man: his daughter and I will be king and queen,--save our Graces!--and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys. Dost thou like the plot, Trinculo? 120  _Trin._ This is the tune of our catch, played by the picture of Nobody. _Cal._ Be not afeard; the isle is full of noises,                  130 Sounds and sweet airs, that give delight, and hurt not. _Ste._ Lead, monster; we'll follow. The other... Pope. 37: _to the suit I made to thee_] _the suit I made thee_ Steevens,     who prints all Caliban's speeches as verse. _Will come?
10  _Ant._ [_Aside to Seb._] I am right glad that he's so out of hope. _Ant._ [_Aside to Seb._] Let it be to-night; For, now they are oppress'd with travel, they                       15 Will not, nor cannot, use such vigilance As when they are fresh. [_Solemn and strange music._  _Alon._ What harmony is this?--My good friends, hark! _Enter PROSPERO above, invisible. Enter several strange Shapes,   bringing in a banquet: they dance about it with gentle actions of   salutation; and, inviting the King, &c. to eat, they depart._  _Alon._ Give us kind keepers, heavens!--What were these? or that there were such men Whose heads stood in their breasts? _Alon._        I will stand to, and feed, Although my last: no matter, since I feel                           50 The best is past. Enter ARIEL, like a harpy; claps his   wings upon the table; and, with a quaint device, the banquet   vanishes._  _Ari._ You are three men of sin, whom Destiny,-- That hath to instrument this lower world And what is in't,--the never-surfeited sea                          55 Hath caused to belch up you; and on this island, Where man doth not inhabit,--you 'mongst men Being most unfit to live. &c. draw their swords._                    You fools! 95 Methought the billows spoke, and told me of it; The winds did sing it to me; and the thunder, That deep and dreadful organ-pipe, pronounced The name of Prosper: it did bass my trespass. [_Exit._  _Seb._                       But one fiend at a time, I'll fight their legions o'er. and Ant._  _Gon._ All three of them are desperate: their great guilt, Like poison given to work a great time after,                      105 Now 'gins to bite the spirits. I do beseech you, That are of suppler joints, follow them swiftly, And hinder them from what this ecstasy May now provoke them to.
_Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO, FERDINAND, and MIRANDA._  _Pros._ If I have too austerely punish'd you, Your compensation makes amends; for I Have given you here a third of mine own life, Or that for which I live; who once again I tender to thy hand: all thy vexations                              5 Were but my trials of thy love, and thou Hast strangely stood the test: here, afore Heaven, I ratify this my rich gift. _Pros._          Then, as my gift, and thine own acquisition Worthily purchased, take my daughter: but If thou dost break her virgin-knot before                           15 All sanctimonious ceremonies may With full and holy rite be minister'd, No sweet aspersion shall the heavens let fall To make this contract grow; but barren hate, Sour-eyed disdain and discord shall bestrew                         20 The union of your bed with weeds so loathly That you shall hate it both: therefore take heed, As Hymen's lamps shall light you. Go bring the rabble, O'er whom I give thee power, here to this place: Incite them to quick motion; for I must Bestow upon the eyes of this young couple                           40 Some vanity of mine art: it is my promise, And they expect it from me. bring a corollary, Rather than want a spirit: appear, and pertly! _Iris._ A contract of true love to celebrate;     And some donation freely to estate                              85     On the blest lovers. Since they did plot     The means that dusky Dis my daughter got,     Her and her blind boy's scandal'd company                       90     I have forsworn. Go with me     To bless this twain, that they may prosperous be,     And honour'd in their issue. Juno sings her blessings on you. _Iris._ You nymphs, call'd Naiads, of the windring brooks,             With your sedged crowns and ever-harmless looks,             Leave your crisp channels, and on this green land      130             Answer your summons; Juno does command:             Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate             A contract of true love; be not too late. _Enter certain Reapers, properly habited: they join with the     Nymphs in a graceful dance; towards the end whereof PROSPERO     starts suddenly, and speaks; after which, to a strange, hollow,     and confused noise, they heavily vanish._  _Pros._ [_Aside_] I had forgot that foul conspiracy Of the beast Caliban and his confederates                          140 Against my life: the minute of their plot Is almost come. [_To the Spirits._] Well done! _Fer._ This is strange: your father's in some passion That works him strongly. We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. _Enter ARIEL._  _Ari._ Thy thoughts I cleave to. I will plague them all, Even to roaring. _PROSPERO and ARIEL remain, invisible. Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO,   and TRINCULO, all wet._  _Cal._ Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not Hear a foot fall: we now are near his cell. See'st thou here, This is the mouth o' the cell: no noise, and enter. 215 Do that good mischief which may make this island Thine own for ever, and I, thy Caliban, For aye thy foot-licker. look what a wardrobe here is for thee! we know what belongs to a frippery. 225  _Ste._ Put off that gown, Trinculo; by this hand, I'll have that gown. _Cal._ I will have none on't: we shall lose our time,              245 And all be turn'd to barnacles, or to apes With foreheads villanous low. Enter divers Spirits, in shape of   dogs and hounds, and hunt them about, PROSPERO and ARIEL setting   them on._  _Pros._ Hey, Mountain, hey! are driven out._  Go charge my goblins that they grind their joints With dry convulsions; shorten up their sinews With aged cramps; and more pinch-spotted make them Then pard or cat o' mountain. _Pros._ Let them be hunted soundly. A MASQUE. _on them_ Ff. 255: Stage direction added by Theobald.
_Before the cell of Prospero._    _Enter PROSPERO in his magic robes, and ARIEL._  _Pros._ Now does my project gather to a head: My charms crack not; my spirits obey; and time Goes upright with his carriage. The king, His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted, And the remainder mourning over them, Brimful of sorrow and dismay; but chiefly Him that you term'd, sir, "The good old lord, Gonzalo;"             15 His tears run down his beard, like winter's drops From eaves of reeds. But this rough magic                           50 I here abjure; and, when I have required Some heavenly music,--which even now I do,-- To work mine end upon their senses, that This airy charm is for, I'll break my staff, Bury it certain fathoms in the earth,                               55 And deeper than did ever plummet sound I'll drown my book. [_Solemn music._    _Re-enter ARIEL before: then ALONSO, with a frantic gesture,   attended by GONZALO; SEBASTIAN and ANTONIO in like manner,   attended by ADRIAN and FRANCISCO: they all enter the circle   which PROSPERO had made, and there stand charmed; which PROSPERO   observing, speaks:_  A solemn air, and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy, cure thy brains, Now useless, boil'd within thy skull! O good Gonzalo, My true preserver, and a loyal sir To him thou follow'st! Their understanding Begins to swell; and the approaching tide                           80 Will shortly fill the reasonable shore, That now lies foul and muddy. To the king's ship, invisible as thou art: There shalt thou find the mariners asleep Under the hatches; the master and the boatswain Being awake, enforce them to this place,                           100 And presently, I prithee. --But how should Prospero Be living and be here? 125 [_Aside to Seb. _Seb._ [_Aside_]    The devil speaks in him. _Alon._ Irreparable is the loss; and patience                      140 Says it is past her cure. O heavens, that they were living both in Naples, The king and queen there! No more yet of this; For 'tis a chronicle of day by day, Not a relation for a breakfast, nor Befitting this first meeting. _Here Prospero discovers FERDINAND and MIRANDA playing at chess._  _Mir._ Sweet lord, you play me false. How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't! _Gon._ Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue                 205 Should become kings of Naples? and set it down With gold on lasting pillars: In one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis, And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife                           210 Where he himself was lost, Prospero his dukedom In a poor isle, and all of us ourselves When no man was his own. What is the news? _Alon._ These are not natural events; they strengthen From strange to stranger. [_Aside to Ari._] Come hither, spirit: Set Caliban and his companions free; Untie the spell. [_Exit Ariel._] How fares my gracious sir? 255    _Re-enter ARIEL, driving in CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO,   in their stolen apparel._  _Ste._ Every man shift for all the rest, and let no man take care for himself; for all is but fortune. These three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil-- For he's a bastard one--had plotted with them To take my life. _Cal._          I shall be pinch'd to death. _Alon._ Is not this Stephano, my drunken butler? _Alon._ This is a strange thing as e'er I look'd on. What a thrice-double ass                       295 Was I, to take this drunkard for a god, And worship this dull fool! [_Exeunt Cal., Ste., and Trin._  _Pros._ Sir, I invite your Highness and your train                 300 To my poor cell, where you shall take your rest For this one night; which, part of it, I'll waste With such discourse as, I not doubt, shall make it Go quick away: the story of my life, And the particular accidents gone by                               305 Since I came to this isle: and in the morn I'll bring you to your ship, and so to Naples, Where I have hope to see the nuptial Of these our dear-beloved solemnized; And thence retire me to my Milan, where                            310 Every third thought shall be my grave. [_Aside to Ari._] My Ariel, chick,       315 That is thy charge: then to the elements Be free, and fare thou well! 145: _and,_] _sir, and_ Capell. SCENE opens to the entrance of     the cell. 234: _more_] Rowe.
On a ship at sea: a tempestuous noise of thunder and lightning heard._    _Enter _a Ship-Master_ and _a Boatswain_._  _Mast._ Boatswain! Take in the topsail. Tend to the master's whistle. _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, FERDINAND, GONZALO,   and others._  _Alon._ Good boatswain, have care. Play the men. 10  _Ant._ Where is the master, boatswain? _Boats._ When the sea is. What cares these                   15 roarers for the name of king? Out of our way, I say. If he be not born to be hanged, our case          30 is miserable. [_Exeunt._    _Re-enter Boatswain._  _Boats._ Down with the topmast! 35    _Re-enter SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, and GONZALO._  Yet again! to prayers, to prayers! all lost! _Gon._ The king and prince at prayers! _Ant._ Let's all sink with the king. but I would fain die a dry death. 33-35: Text as in Capell. Enter Sebastian,     Anthonio, and Gonzalo. 60: _with the_] Rowe.
SCENE II. _The island. Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO and MIRANDA._  _Mir._ If by your art, my dearest father, you have Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them. Had I been any god of power, I would                                10 Have sunk the sea within the earth, or ere It should the good ship so have swallow'd and The fraughting souls within her. _Pros._ Thou hadst, and more, Miranda. But how is it That this lives in thy mind? 55  _Pros._ Thy mother was a piece of virtue, and She said thou wast my daughter; and thy father Was Duke of Milan; and his only heir And princess, no worse issued. 65  _Pros._ My brother, and thy uncle, call'd Antonio,-- I pray thee, mark me,--that a brother should Be so perfidious!--he whom, next thyself, Of all the world I loved, and to him put The manage of my state; as, at that time,                           70 Through all the signories it was the first, And Prospero the prime duke, being so reputed In dignity, and for the liberal arts Without a parallel; those being all my study, The government I cast upon my brother,                              75 And to my state grew stranger, being transported And rapt in secret studies. Some food we had, and some fresh water, that                       160 A noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, Out of his charity, who being then appointed Master of this design, did give us, with Rich garments, linens, stuffs and necessaries, Which since have steaded much; so, of his gentleness,              165 Knowing I loved my books, he furnish'd me From mine own library with volumes that I prize above my dukedom. I come To answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly,                          190 To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride On the curl'd clouds, to thy strong bidding task Ariel and all his quality. All but mariners                       210 Plunged in the foaming brine, and quit the vessel, Then all afire with me: the king's son, Ferdinand, With hair up-staring,--then like reeds, not hair,-- Was the first man that leap'd; cried, "Hell is empty, And all the devils are here." _Pros._                  Of the king's ship The mariners, say how thou hast disposed,                          225 And all the rest o' the fleet. _Pros._                    Ariel, thy charge Exactly is perform'd: but there's more work. What is the time o' the day? Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax, who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop? Where was she born? _Ari._       Yes, Caliban her son. slave! Caliban! when? would 't had been done! [_Aside_] I must obey: his art is of such power, It would control my dam's god, Setebos, And make a vassal of him. 430 What wert thou, if the King of Naples heard thee? He does hear me; And that he does I weep: myself am Naples, Who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheld                     435 The king my father wreck'd. Thou think'st there is no more such shapes as he, Having seen but him and Caliban: foolish wench! To the most of men this is a Caliban,                              480 And they to him are angels. [_To Fer._] Come on. _Makes ...     memory too_ Musgrave conj. 105: _his_] _is_ F2. _with the_     Steevens. Hanmer prints them so. _he_ Steevens conj. 169: _Now I arise_] Continued to Miranda. _she_] Rowe (after Dryden). _he_ Ff. 302: _Be subject to_] _be subject To_ Malone. when?_] om. The watch-dogs bark_ to Ariel.
SCENE I. _Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause, So have we all, of joy; for our escape Is much beyond our loss. The wager? _Seb._ As if it had lungs, and rotten ones. _Seb._ No; he doth but mistake the truth totally. _Gon._ That our garments, being, as they were, drenched in the sea, hold, notwithstanding, their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dyed than stained with salt water. _Gon._ Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king's        65 fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis. _Adr._ Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen. _Seb._ I think he will carry this island home in his pocket, and give it his son for an apple. _Ant._ And the rarest that e'er came there. _Gon._ My lord Sebastian,                                          130 The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness, And time to speak it in: you rub the sore, When you should bring the plaster. _Gon._ And were the king on't, what would I do? _Ant._ The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the beginning. [_All sleep except Alon., Seb., and Ant._  _Alon._ What, all so soon asleep! [_Alonso sleeps. I find not Myself disposed to sleep. _Seb._                    Prithee, say on: The setting of thine eye and cheek proclaim                        220 A matter from thee; and a birth, indeed, Which throes thee much to yield. Keep in Tunis,                          250 And let Sebastian wake." 265  _Seb._ But for your conscience. _Ant._                        Draw together;                       285 And when I rear my hand, do you the like, To fall it on Gonzalo. _Gon._                           Now, good angels Preserve the king! _Alon._                 Heard you this, Gonzalo? _Gon._         Heavens keep him from these beasts! 315 For he is, sure, i' th' island. _of them, he_ Pope. _His ... too_] Edd. _His ... harp._     Seb. the lines begin _Would ... While ... Thank._   189: [Exit Ariel] Malone. _find Not_ Ff. 245: _In_] _Is_ Pope. 267-271: Pope ends the lines with _that? _Or melt_ id. Enter Ariel with music and     song. 298: [They wake.]
SCENE II. _Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN with a burden of wood. His spirits hear me, And yet I needs must curse. a man or a fish? dead or alive? and his fins like arms! I do now let loose my opinion; hold it no longer: this is no fish, but an islander, that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt. [_Thunder._] Alas, the storm is come     35 again! my best way is to creep under his gaberdine; there is no other shelter hereabout: misery acquaints a man with strange bed-fellows. [_Drinks._   [_Sings._ The master, the swabber, the boatswain, and I,                        The gunner, and his mate,                    45                Loved Mall, Meg, and Marian, and Margery,                    But none of us cared for Kate;                    For she had a tongue with a tang,                    Would cry to a sailor, Go hang! _Ste._ This is some monster of the isle with four legs, who hath got, as I take it, an ague. Where the devil should he learn our language? I will give him some relief, if it be but for that. He shall taste of my bottle: if he have never drunk wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit. I will pour some in thy other mouth. Thou art very Trinculo indeed! How earnest thou to be the siege of this moon-calf? can he vent Trinculos? Is the storm overblown? I hid me under the dead moon-calf's gaberdine for fear of the storm. And art thou living, Stephano? That's a brave god, and bears celestial liquor: I will kneel to him. _Cal._ Hast thou not dropp'd from heaven? _Ste._ Come, swear to that; kiss the book: I will furnish it anon with new contents: swear. The                          135 man i' the moon! _Ste._ Come on, then; down, and swear. Lead the way. _at 'nostrils_ F1. _the new_ F2 F3 F4. 138: _island_] F1.
This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious, but                               5 The mistress which I serve quickens what's dead, And makes my labours pleasures: O, she is Ten times more gentle than her father's crabbed. And he's composed of harshness. _Enter MIRANDA; and PROSPERO at a distance, unseen._  _Mir._                  Alas, now, pray you,                        15 Work not so hard: I would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoin'd to pile! Pray, set it down, and rest you: when this burns, 'Twill weep for having wearied you. My father Is hard at study; pray, now, rest yourself;                         20 He's safe for these three hours. _Mir._           Miranda. _Fer._                          Admired Miranda! Hear my soul speak: The very instant that I saw you, did My heart fly to your service; there resides,                        65 To make me slave to it; and for your sake Am I this patient log-man. _Mir._                    I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of. _Pros._                     Fair encounter Of two most rare affections! _Mir._ At mine unworthiness, that dare not offer What I desire to give; and much less take What I shall die to want. I am your wife, if you will marry me; If not, I'll die your maid: to be your fellow You may deny me; but I'll be your servant,                          85 Whether you will or no. 1: _and_] _but_ Pope. _than to_] _than I would_ Pope. 88: _as_] F1.
SCENE II. _Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO._  _Ste._ Tell not me;--when the butt is out, we will drink water; not a drop before: therefore bear up, and board 'em. the folly of this island! I'll not serve him, he is not valiant. _Enter ARIEL, invisible._  _Cal._ As I told thee before, I am subject to a tyrant, a           40 sorcerer, that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island. Canst thou                  55 bring me to the party? Burn but his books. Dost thou like the plot, Trinculo? --Come on. _Cal._ That's not the tune. [_Ariel plays the tune on a tabor and pipe._  _Ste._ What is this same? 120  _Trin._ This is the tune of our catch, played by the picture of Nobody. 140  _Cal._ When Prospero is destroyed. _Ste._ That shall be by and by: I remember the story. _Trin._ The sound is going away; let's follow it, and after do our work. _Ste._ Lead, monster; we'll follow. The other... Pope.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ By'r lakin, I can go no further, sir; My old bones ache: here's a maze trod, indeed, Through forth-rights and meanders! Do not, for one repulse, forego the purpose That you resolved to effect. _Enter PROSPERO above, invisible. Enter several strange Shapes,   bringing in a banquet: they dance about it with gentle actions of   salutation; and, inviting the King, &c. to eat, they depart._  _Alon._ Give us kind keepers, heavens!--What were these? Brother, my lord the duke, Stand to, and do as we. _Thunder and lightning. Enter ARIEL, like a harpy; claps his   wings upon the table; and, with a quaint device, the banquet   vanishes._  _Ari._ You are three men of sin, whom Destiny,-- That hath to instrument this lower world And what is in't,--the never-surfeited sea                          55 Hath caused to belch up you; and on this island, Where man doth not inhabit,--you 'mongst men Being most unfit to live. &c. draw their swords._                    You fools! My high charms work, And these mine enemies are all knit up In their distractions: they now are in my power;                    90 And in these fits I leave them, while I visit Young Ferdinand,--whom they suppose is drown'd,-- And his and mine loved darling. 106: _do_] om.
_Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO, FERDINAND, and MIRANDA._  _Pros._ If I have too austerely punish'd you, Your compensation makes amends; for I Have given you here a third of mine own life, Or that for which I live; who once again I tender to thy hand: all thy vexations                              5 Were but my trials of thy love, and thou Hast strangely stood the test: here, afore Heaven, I ratify this my rich gift. _Fer._                          As I hope For quiet days, fair issue and long life, With such love as 'tis now, the murkiest den,                       25 The most opportune place, the strong'st suggestion Our worser Genius can, shall never melt Mine honour into lust, to take away The edge of that day's celebration When I shall think, or Phoebus' steeds are founder'd,               30 Or Night kept chain'd below. Sit, then, and talk with her; she is thine own. Go bring the rabble, O'er whom I give thee power, here to this place: Incite them to quick motion; for I must Bestow upon the eyes of this young couple                           40 Some vanity of mine art: it is my promise, And they expect it from me. bring a corollary, Rather than want a spirit: appear, and pertly! _Iris._        Of her society     Be not afraid: I met her Deity     Cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son     Dove-drawn with her. Here thought they to have done     Some wanton charm upon this man and maid,                       95     Whose vows are, that no bed-right shall be paid     Till Hymen's torch be lighted: but in vain;     Mars's hot minion is returned again;     Her waspish-headed son has broke his arrows,     Swears he will shoot no more, but play with sparrows,          100     And be a boy right out. Go with me     To bless this twain, that they may prosperous be,     And honour'd in their issue. Juno sings her blessings on you. _Fer._ This is a most majestic vision, and Harmonious charmingly. _Iris._ You nymphs, call'd Naiads, of the windring brooks,             With your sedged crowns and ever-harmless looks,             Leave your crisp channels, and on this green land      130             Answer your summons; Juno does command:             Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate             A contract of true love; be not too late. _Enter certain Reapers, properly habited: they join with the     Nymphs in a graceful dance; towards the end whereof PROSPERO     starts suddenly, and speaks; after which, to a strange, hollow,     and confused noise, they heavily vanish._  _Pros._ [_Aside_] I had forgot that foul conspiracy Of the beast Caliban and his confederates                          140 Against my life: the minute of their plot Is almost come. We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. I will plague them all, Even to roaring. Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO,   and TRINCULO, all wet._  _Cal._ Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not Hear a foot fall: we now are near his cell. _Trin._ Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool,--  _Ste._ There is not only disgrace and dishonour in that, monster, but an infinite loss. See'st thou here, This is the mouth o' the cell: no noise, and enter. O King Stephano! 225  _Ste._ Put off that gown, Trinculo; by this hand, I'll have that gown. Mistress line, is not this my jerkin? Now is the jerkin under the line: now, jerkin,          235 you are like to lose your hair, and prove a bald jerkin. _A noise of hunters heard. Enter divers Spirits, in shape of   dogs and hounds, and hunt them about, PROSPERO and ARIEL setting   them on._  _Pros._ Hey, Mountain, hey! A MASQUE. have the stage direction, '_Juno descends._'   74: _her_] Rowe. Capell made the change. 190: _all, all_] _are all_ Malone conj.
_Before the cell of Prospero._    _Enter PROSPERO in his magic robes, and ARIEL._  _Pros._ Now does my project gather to a head: My charms crack not; my spirits obey; and time Goes upright with his carriage. The king, His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted, And the remainder mourning over them, Brimful of sorrow and dismay; but chiefly Him that you term'd, sir, "The good old lord, Gonzalo;"             15 His tears run down his beard, like winter's drops From eaves of reeds. [_Solemn music._    _Re-enter ARIEL before: then ALONSO, with a frantic gesture,   attended by GONZALO; SEBASTIAN and ANTONIO in like manner,   attended by ADRIAN and FRANCISCO: they all enter the circle   which PROSPERO had made, and there stand charmed; which PROSPERO   observing, speaks:_  A solemn air, and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy, cure thy brains, Now useless, boil'd within thy skull! Their understanding Begins to swell; and the approaching tide                           80 Will shortly fill the reasonable shore, That now lies foul and muddy. _ARIEL sings and helps to attire him._      Where the bee sucks, there suck I:     In a cowslip's bell I lie;     There I couch when owls do cry. and Ant._]     But you, my brace of lords, were I so minded, I here could pluck his Highness' frown upon you, And justify you traitors: at this time I will tell no tales. _Seb._ [_Aside_]    The devil speaks in him. _Alon._ Irreparable is the loss; and patience                      140 Says it is past her cure. _Alon._                You the like loss! O heavens, that they were living both in Naples, The king and queen there! _Pros._ In this last tempest. _Here Prospero discovers FERDINAND and MIRANDA playing at chess._  _Mir._ Sweet lord, you play me false. O brave new world, That has such people in't! She Is daughter to this famous Duke of Milan, Of whom so often I have heard renown, But never saw before; of whom I have Received a second life; and second father                          195 This lady makes him to me. _Gon._ Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue                 205 Should become kings of Naples? _Alon._ [_to Fer. 215    _Re-enter ARIEL, with the _Master_ and _Boatswain_ amazedly   following._  O, look, sir, look, sir! What is the news? [_Aside to Ari._] Come hither, spirit: Set Caliban and his companions free; Untie the spell. How fine my master is! I am afraid He will chastise me. What things are these, my lord Antonio? These three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil-- For he's a bastard one--had plotted with them To take my life. _Seb._ He is drunk now: where had he wine? [_Pointing to Caliban._  _Pros._ He is as disproportion'd in his manners                    290 As in his shape. _Cal._ Ay, that I will; and I'll be wise hereafter, And seek for grace. [_Aside to Ari._] My Ariel, chick,       315 That is thy charge: then to the elements Be free, and fare thou well! 74: _Sebastian. 76: _who_] Rowe. Here Prospero discovers...] Ff. SCENE opens to the entrance of     the cell. Here Prospero discovers... Theobald. _remembrances With_ Malone. _and_] om. _is_] _are_ Pope.] 242-245: Given to Ariel in F2 F3 F4.
SPOKEN BY PROSPERO. PROSPERO.] 3: _now_] _and now_ Pope. The watch-dogs bark_ as that part of the burthen which 'sweet sprites bear.' from whom should she have note? The report from Naples will be that all were drowned. We shall be the only survivors." _Ay, sir; where lies that? 62, that Trinculo was entrusted with the office of bottle-bearer. MARINE is about to travel. All inset text is quoted from the Preface. 17: Prospero above]     [Text unchanged: stage direction is after l. 19]    [Endnotes]    I: I.
On a ship at sea: a tempestuous noise of thunder and lightning heard._    _Enter _a Ship-Master_ and _a Boatswain_._  _Mast._ Boatswain! _Mast._ Good, speak to the mariners: fall to't, yarely, or we run ourselves aground: bestir, bestir. Take in the topsail. Tend to the master's whistle. _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, FERDINAND, GONZALO,   and others._  _Alon._ Good boatswain, have care. Where's the master? Play the men. 10  _Ant._ Where is the master, boatswain? _Boats._ When the sea is. What cares these                   15 roarers for the name of king? To cabin: silence! [_Exeunt._    _Re-enter Boatswain._  _Boats._ Down with the topmast! 35    _Re-enter SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, and GONZALO._  Yet again! Shall we give o'er, and drown? _Enter _Mariners_ wet._  _Mariners._ All lost! to prayers, to prayers! _Gon._ The king and prince at prayers! _Ant._ Let's all sink with the king. _Bring her to. _A plague_--A cry within. Enter Sebastian,     Anthonio, and Gonzalo. 50-54: Printed as prose in Ff.
SCENE II. _The island. Before PROSPERO'S cell._    _Enter PROSPERO and MIRANDA._  _Mir._ If by your art, my dearest father, you have Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them. Had I been any god of power, I would                                10 Have sunk the sea within the earth, or ere It should the good ship so have swallow'd and The fraughting souls within her. _Pros._                           No harm. Had I not Four or five women once that tended me? _Pros._ Thou hadst, and more, Miranda. But how is it That this lives in thy mind? _Pros._ Twelve year since, Miranda, twelve year since, Thy father was the Duke of Milan, and A prince of power. What foul play had we, that we came from thence? _Pros._ To have no screen between this part he play'd And him he play'd it for, he needs will be Absolute Milan. Me, poor man, my library Was dukedom large enough: of temporal royalties                    110 He thinks me now incapable; confederates, So dry he was for sway, wi' the King of Naples To give him annual tribute, do him homage, Subject his coronet to his crown, and bend The dukedom, yet unbow'd,--alas, poor Milan!--                     115 To most ignoble stooping. 120 This King of Naples, being an enemy To me inveterate, hearkens my brother's suit; Which was, that he, in lieu o' the premises, Of homage and I know not how much tribute, Should presently extirpate me and mine                             125 Out of the dukedom, and confer fair Milan, With all the honours, on my brother: whereon, A treacherous army levied, one midnight Fated to the purpose, did Antonio open The gates of Milan; and, i' the dead of darkness,                  130 The ministers for the purpose hurried thence Me and thy crying self. _Mir._                  Would I might But ever see that man! I come To answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly,                          190 To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride On the curl'd clouds, to thy strong bidding task Ariel and all his quality. _Ari._ To every article. 215 But was not this nigh shore? _Pros._ But are they, Ariel, safe? _Pros._                  Of the king's ship The mariners, say how thou hast disposed,                          225 And all the rest o' the fleet. _Pros._ Thou dost; and think'st it much to tread the ooze Of the salt deep, To run upon the sharp wind of the north, To do me business in the veins o' the earth                        255 When it is baked with frost. Where was she born? This damn'd witch Sycorax, For mischiefs manifold, and sorceries terrible To enter human hearing, from Argier,                               265 Thou know'st, was banish'd: for one thing she did They would not take her life. Thou, my slave,                  270 As thou report'st thyself, wast then her servant; And, for thou wast a spirit too delicate To act her earthy and abhorr'd commands, Refusing her grand hests, she did confine thee, By help of her more potent ministers,                              275 And in her most unmitigable rage, Into a cloven pine; within which rift Imprison'd thou didst painfully remain A dozen years; within which space she died, And left thee there; where thou didst vent thy groans              280 As fast as mill-wheels strike. Then was this island-- Save for the son that she did litter here, A freckled whelp hag-born--not honour'd with A human shape. 300  _Pros._ Go make thyself like a nymph o' the sea: Be subject to no sight but thine and mine; invisible To every eyeball else. _Mir._ The strangeness of your story put Heaviness in me. when? would 't had been done! Spirit, fine spirit! 430 What wert thou, if the King of Naples heard thee? He does hear me; And that he does I weep: myself am Naples, Who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheld                     435 The king my father wreck'd. _Pros._                      [_Aside_] The Duke of Milan And his more braver daughter could control thee, If now 'twere fit to do't. one word more. To the most of men this is a Caliban,                              480 And they to him are angels. [_To Fer._] Come on. Speak not for him. 105: _his_] _is_ F2. _with the_     Steevens. _lightning_ Ff. _she_] Rowe (after Dryden). _he_ Ff. _cursed be I that_ Steevens. The watch-dogs bark_ to Ariel. _made_ F4.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter ALONSO, SEBASTIAN, ANTONIO, GONZALO, ADRIAN, FRANCISCO,   and others._  _Gon._ Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause, So have we all, of joy; for our escape Is much beyond our loss. _Gon._ Well, I have done: but yet,--                                25  _Seb._ He will be talking. _Ant._ Which, of he or Adrian, for a good wager, first begins to crow? _Seb._ Of that there's none, or little. _Ant._ He misses not much. _Gon._ Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king's        65 fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis. _Adr._ Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen. _Seb._ What if he had said 'widower Aeneas' too? _Ant._ And the rarest that e'er came there. Who is so far from Italy removed I ne'er again shall see her. _Fran._                   Sir, he may live: I saw him beat the surges under him, And ride upon their backs; he trod the water. Whose enmity he flung aside, and breasted                          110 The surge most swoln that met him; his bold head 'Bove the contentious waves he kept, and oar'd Himself with his good arms in lusty stroke To the shore, that o'er his wave-worn basis bow'd, As stooping to relieve him: I not doubt                            115 He came alive to land. _Seb._ Sir, you may thank yourself for this great loss, That would not bless our Europe with your daughter, But rather lose her to an African; Where she, at least, is banish'd from your eye,                    120 Who hath cause to wet the grief on't. _Alon._             So is the dear'st o' the loss. _Gon._ And were the king on't, what would I do? _Ant._ The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the beginning. _Seb._                 'Save his majesty! 175     _Enter ARIEL (invisible) playing solemn music._  _Seb._ We would so, and then go a bat-fowling. [_Alonso sleeps. This is a strange repose, to be asleep With eyes wide open; standing, speaking, moving,                   205 And yet so fast asleep. _Seb._                   What stuff is this! _Ant._             A space whose every cubit Seems to cry out, "How shall that Claribel Measure us back to Naples? Keep in Tunis,                          250 And let Sebastian wake." Say, this were death That now hath seized them; why, they were no worse Than now they are. For all the rest, They'll take suggestion as a cat laps milk; They'll tell the clock to any business that                        280 We say befits the hour. _Ant._                        Draw together;                       285 And when I rear my hand, do you the like, To fall it on Gonzalo. 290                             [_Sings in Gonzalo's ear._  While you here do snoring lie, Open-eyed conspiracy     His time doth take. If of life you keep a care, Shake off slumber, and beware:                                     295     Awake, awake! _Gon._                           Now, good angels Preserve the king! _Alon._                 Heard you this, Gonzalo? 315 For he is, sure, i' th' island. _Alon._                       Lead away. _His ... harp._     Seb. 227: _Professes to persuade_] om. _And by that     destin'd to perform_ Musgrave conj. _(And that by destiny)     to perform_ Staunton conj. 245: _In_] _Is_ Pope. Enter Ariel with music and     song.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN with a burden of wood. A noise of thunder heard._  _Cal._ All the infections that the sun sucks up From bogs, fens, flats, on Prosper fall, and make him By inch-meal a disease! His spirits hear me, And yet I needs must curse. Here comes a spirit of his, and to torment me                       15 For bringing wood in slowly. a man or a fish? A fish: he smells like a fish; a very ancient and fish-like smell; a kind      25 of not of the newest Poor-John. [_Thunder._] Alas, the storm is come     35 again! [_Drinks._   [_Sings._ The master, the swabber, the boatswain, and I,                        The gunner, and his mate,                    45                Loved Mall, Meg, and Marian, and Margery,                    But none of us cared for Kate;                    For she had a tongue with a tang,                    Would cry to a sailor, Go hang! [_Drinks._  _Cal._ Do not torment me:--O! _Ste._ This is some monster of the isle with four legs, who hath got, as I take it, an ague. Where the devil should he learn our language? His forward voice, now, is to speak well of his friend; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract. _Trin._ Stephano! _Trin._ Stephano! How earnest thou to be the siege of this moon-calf? can he vent Trinculos? _Trin._ I took him to be killed with a thunder-stroke. Is the storm overblown? And art thou living, Stephano? O Stephano, two Neapolitans scaped! That's a brave god, and bears celestial liquor: I will kneel to him. 115  _Cal._ I'll swear, upon that bottle, to be thy true subject; for the liquor is not earthly. The                          135 man i' the moon! _Ste._ Come on, then; down, and swear. _Trin._ But that the poor monster's in drink: an abominable monster! _Trin._ A most ridiculous monster, to make a wonder                155 of a poor drunkard! Lead the way. (so Dryden).
SCENE I. This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious, but                               5 The mistress which I serve quickens what's dead, And makes my labours pleasures: O, she is Ten times more gentle than her father's crabbed. And he's composed of harshness. _Enter MIRANDA; and PROSPERO at a distance, unseen._  _Mir._                  Alas, now, pray you,                        15 Work not so hard: I would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoin'd to pile! My father Is hard at study; pray, now, rest yourself;                         20 He's safe for these three hours. _Mir._             It would become me As well as it does you: and I should do it With much more ease; for my good will is to it,                     30 And yours it is against. _Mir._           Miranda. _Fer._                          Admired Miranda! Indeed the top of admiration! worth What's dearest to the world! _Pros._                     Fair encounter Of two most rare affections! _Mir._ At mine unworthiness, that dare not offer What I desire to give; and much less take What I shall die to want. But this is trifling; And all the more it seeks to hide itself,                           80 The bigger bulk it shows. I am your wife, if you will marry me; If not, I'll die your maid: to be your fellow You may deny me; but I'll be your servant,                          85 Whether you will or no. and Mir. I'll to my book; For yet, ere supper-time, must I perform                            95 Much business appertaining. 1: _and_] _but_ Pope.
_Another part of the island._    _Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO._  _Ste._ Tell not me;--when the butt is out, we will drink water; not a drop before: therefore bear up, and board 'em. Servant-monster, drink to me. the folly of this island! he were a brave monster indeed, if they were set in his tail. _Enter ARIEL, invisible._  _Cal._ As I told thee before, I am subject to a tyrant, a           40 sorcerer, that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island. _Ari._ Thou liest. _Trin._ Why, I said nothing. _Ste._ Mum, then, and no more. _Cal._ Thou shalt be lord of it, and I'll serve thee. 70  _Ari._ Thou liest. take thou that. A murrain on your monster, and the devil take your fingers! Burn but his books. _Ste._ Monster, I will kill this man: his daughter and I will be king and queen,--save our Graces!--and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys. _Cal._ Within this half hour will he be asleep: Wilt thou destroy him then? [_Ariel plays the tune on a tabor and pipe._  _Ste._ What is this same? 120  _Trin._ This is the tune of our catch, played by the picture of Nobody. _Ste._ This will prove a brave kingdom to me, where I shall have my music for nothing. I'll follow, Stephano. The other... Pope. _and_ F2 F3 F4.
Enter several strange Shapes,   bringing in a banquet: they dance about it with gentle actions of   salutation; and, inviting the King, &c. to eat, they depart._  _Alon._ Give us kind keepers, heavens!--What were these? _Thunder and lightning. Enter ARIEL, like a harpy; claps his   wings upon the table; and, with a quaint device, the banquet   vanishes._  _Ari._ You are three men of sin, whom Destiny,-- That hath to instrument this lower world And what is in't,--the never-surfeited sea                          55 Hath caused to belch up you; and on this island, Where man doth not inhabit,--you 'mongst men Being most unfit to live. &c. draw their swords._                    You fools! But remember,-- For that's my business to you,--that you three From Milan did supplant good Prospero;                              70 Exposed unto the sea, which hath requit it, Him and his innocent child: for which foul deed The powers, delaying, not forgetting, have Incensed the seas and shores, yea, all the creatures, Against your peace. _He vanishes in thunder; then, to soft music, enter the Shapes   again, and dance, with mocks and mows, and carrying out the   table._  _Pros._ Bravely the figure of this harpy hast thou Perform'd, my Ariel; a grace it had, devouring: Of my instruction hast thou nothing bated                           85 In what thou hadst to say: so, with good life And observation strange, my meaner ministers Their several kinds have done. 95 Methought the billows spoke, and told me of it; The winds did sing it to me; and the thunder, That deep and dreadful organ-pipe, pronounced The name of Prosper: it did bass my trespass. and Ant._  _Gon._ All three of them are desperate: their great guilt, Like poison given to work a great time after,                      105 Now 'gins to bite the spirits.
What, Ariel! bring a corollary, Rather than want a spirit: appear, and pertly! _Iris._ A contract of true love to celebrate;     And some donation freely to estate                              85     On the blest lovers. _Fer._            Let me live here ever; So rare a wonder'd father and a wife Makes this place Paradise. [_Juno and Ceres whisper, and send Iris on employment._  _Pros._                  Sweet, now, silence! _Enter certain Reapers, properly habited: they join with the     Nymphs in a graceful dance; towards the end whereof PROSPERO     starts suddenly, and speaks; after which, to a strange, hollow,     and confused noise, they heavily vanish._  _Pros._ [_Aside_] I had forgot that foul conspiracy Of the beast Caliban and his confederates                          140 Against my life: the minute of their plot Is almost come. [_To the Spirits._] Well done! Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits, and Are melted into air, into thin air:                                150 And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp'd towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve, And, like this insubstantial pageant faded,                        155 Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on; and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. [_Exeunt._  _Pros._ Come with a thought. _PROSPERO and ARIEL remain, invisible. Enter CALIBAN, STEPHANO,   and TRINCULO, all wet._  _Cal._ Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not Hear a foot fall: we now are near his cell. _Trin._ Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool,--  _Ste._ There is not only disgrace and dishonour in that, monster, but an infinite loss. I do begin to have bloody thoughts. O worthy Stephano! Now is the jerkin under the line: now, jerkin,          235 you are like to lose your hair, and prove a bald jerkin. _Ste._ Ay, and this. _A noise of hunters heard. Enter divers Spirits, in shape of   dogs and hounds, and hunt them about, PROSPERO and ARIEL setting   them on._  _Pros._ Hey, Mountain, hey! _the thread_ Williams conj. _of_ F1. A MASQUE. Prospero ... invisible. _to_ Pope.
_Before the cell of Prospero._    _Enter PROSPERO in his magic robes, and ARIEL._  _Pros._ Now does my project gather to a head: My charms crack not; my spirits obey; and time Goes upright with his carriage. How's the day? _Ari._ On the sixth hour; at which time, my lord, You said our work should cease. Say, my spirit, How fares the king and's followers? The king, His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted, And the remainder mourning over them, Brimful of sorrow and dismay; but chiefly Him that you term'd, sir, "The good old lord, Gonzalo;"             15 His tears run down his beard, like winter's drops From eaves of reeds. Go release them, Ariel:                        30 My charms I'll break, their senses I'll restore, And they shall be themselves. [_Solemn music._    _Re-enter ARIEL before: then ALONSO, with a frantic gesture,   attended by GONZALO; SEBASTIAN and ANTONIO in like manner,   attended by ADRIAN and FRANCISCO: they all enter the circle   which PROSPERO had made, and there stand charmed; which PROSPERO   observing, speaks:_  A solemn air, and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy, cure thy brains, Now useless, boil'd within thy skull! There stand,                  60 For you are spell-stopp'd. The charm dissolves apace; And as the morning steals upon the night,                           65 Melting the darkness, so their rising senses Begin to chase the ignorant fumes that mantle Their clearer reason. To the king's ship, invisible as thou art: There shalt thou find the mariners asleep Under the hatches; the master and the boatswain Being awake, enforce them to this place,                           100 And presently, I prithee. _Pros._                    Behold, sir king, The wronged Duke of Milan, Prospero: For more assurance that a living prince Does now speak to thee, I embrace thy body; And to thee and thy company I bid                                  110 A hearty welcome. _Seb._ [_Aside_]    The devil speaks in him. _Alon._ Irreparable is the loss; and patience                      140 Says it is past her cure. _Alon._                You the like loss! O heavens, that they were living both in Naples, The king and queen there! _Pros._ In this last tempest. _Here Prospero discovers FERDINAND and MIRANDA playing at chess._  _Mir._ Sweet lord, you play me false. and set it down With gold on lasting pillars: In one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis, And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife                           210 Where he himself was lost, Prospero his dukedom In a poor isle, and all of us ourselves When no man was his own. 215    _Re-enter ARIEL, with the _Master_ and _Boatswain_ amazedly   following._  O, look, sir, look, sir! What is the news? [_Aside to Ari._] Come hither, spirit: Set Caliban and his companions free; Untie the spell. There are yet missing of your company Some few odd lads that you remember not. 255    _Re-enter ARIEL, driving in CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO,   in their stolen apparel._  _Ste._ Every man shift for all the rest, and let no man take care for himself; for all is but fortune. I am afraid He will chastise me. _Ant._            Very like; one of them                           265 Is a plain fish, and, no doubt, marketable. _Pros._ Mark but the badges of these men, my lords, Then say if they be true. These three have robb'd me; and this demi-devil-- For he's a bastard one--had plotted with them To take my life. _Seb._ He is drunk now: where had he wine? _Ste._ I should have been a sore one, then. [_Pointing to Caliban._  _Pros._ He is as disproportion'd in his manners                    290 As in his shape. [_Aside to Ari._] My Ariel, chick,       315 That is thy charge: then to the elements Be free, and fare thou well! 83: _or_] _e'er_ Collier MS.   84: Theobald gives as stage direction "Exit Ariel and returns     immediately." _Daughter_ Capell. SCENE opens to the entrance of     the cell. _and_] om. 242-245: Given to Ariel in F2 F3 F4. [Pointing to Caliban.]
The first is a patron, the last a punisher. Society in every state is a blessing, but government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one; for when we suffer, or are exposed to the same miseries BY A GOVERNMENT, which we might expect in a country WITHOUT GOVERNMENT, our calamity is heightened by reflecting that we furnish the means by which we suffer. In this state of natural liberty, society will be their first thought. And as this frequent interchange will establish a common interest with every part of the community, they will mutually and naturally support each other, and on this (not on the unmeaning name of king) depends the STRENGTH OF GOVERNMENT, AND THE HAPPINESS OF THE GOVERNED. Here then is the origin and rise of government; namely, a mode rendered necessary by the inability of moral virtue to govern the world; here too is the design and end of government, viz. freedom and security. That it was noble for the dark and slavish times in which it was erected, is granted. The remains of monarchical tyranny in the person of the king. The two first, by being hereditary, are independent of the people; wherefore in a CONSTITUTIONAL SENSE they contribute nothing towards the freedom of the state. To say that the commons is a check upon the king, presupposes two things. The state of a king shuts him from the world, yet the business of a king requires him to know it thoroughly; wherefore the different parts, by unnaturally opposing and destroying each other, prove the whole character to be absurd and useless. Wherefore, laying aside all national pride and prejudice in favour of modes and forms, the plain truth is, that IT IS WHOLLY OWING TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE PEOPLE, AND NOT TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE GOVERNMENT that the crown is not as oppressive in England as in Turkey.
In the early ages of the world, according to the scripture chronology, there were no kings; the consequence of which was there were no wars; it is the pride of kings which throw mankind into confusion. Government by kings was first introduced into the world by the Heathens, from whom the children of Israel copied the custom. It was the most prosperous invention the Devil ever set on foot for the promotion of idolatry. AND SAMUEL TOLD ALL THE WORDS OF THE LORD UNTO THE PEOPLE, THAT ASKED OF HIM A KING. To the evil of monarchy we have added that of hereditary succession; and as the first is a degradation and lessening of ourselves, so the second, claimed as a matter of right, is an insult and an imposition on posterity. For all men being originally equals, no ONE by BIRTH could have a right to set up his own family in perpetual preference to all others for ever, and though himself might deserve SOME decent degree of honors of his cotemporaries, yet his descendants might be far too unworthy to inherit them. But it is not so much the absurdity as the evil of hereditary succession which concerns mankind. The whole history of England disowns the fact.
IN the following pages I offer nothing more than simple facts, plain arguments, and common sense; and have no other preliminaries to settle with the reader, than that he will divest himself of prejudice and prepossession, and suffer his reason and his feelings to determine for themselves; that he will put ON, or rather that he will not put OFF, the true character of a man, and generously enlarge his views beyond the present day. Volumes have been written on the subject of the struggle between England and America. Men of all ranks have embarked in the controversy, from different motives, and with various designs; but all have been ineffectual, and the period of debate is closed. Arms, as the last resource, decide the contest; the appeal was the choice of the king, and the continent hath accepted the challenge. The sun never shined on a cause of greater worth. By referring the matter from argument to arms, a new era for politics is struck; a new method of thinking hath arisen. We may as well assert that because a child has thrived upon milk, that it is never to have meat, or that the first twenty years of our lives is to become a precedent for the next twenty. But Britain is the parent country, say some. Europe, and not England, is the parent country of America. Britain, being now an open enemy, extinguishes every other name and title: And to say that reconciliation is our duty, is truly farcical. As Europe is our market for trade, we ought to form no partial connection with any part of it. It is the true interest of America to steer clear of European contentions, which she never can do, while by her dependance on Britain, she is made the make-weight in the scale on British politics. Every thing that is right or natural pleads for separation. This is not inflaming or exaggerating matters, but trying them by those feelings and affections which nature justifies, and without which, we should be incapable of discharging the social duties of life, or enjoying the felicities of it. To say, they will never attempt it again is idle and visionary, we thought so at the repeal of the stamp act, yet a year or two undeceived us; as well may we suppose that nations, which have been once defeated, will never renew the quarrel. Small islands not capable of protecting themselves, are the proper objects for kingdoms to take under their care; but there is something very absurd, in supposing a continent to be perpetually governed by an island. FIRST. To bring the matter to one point. A pretty state we should soon be in under such a second-hand government, considering what has happened! But the most powerful of all arguments, is, that nothing but independance, i. e. a continental form of government, can keep the peace of the continent and preserve it inviolate from civil wars. Besides, the general temper of the colonies, towards a British government, will be like that of a youth, who is nearly out of his time; they will care very little about her. Let the assemblies be annual, with a President only. Their business wholly domestic, and subject to the authority of a Continental Congress. In this conference, thus assembled, will be united, the two grand principles of business, KNOWLEDGE and POWER. But where says some is the King of America? For as in absolute governments the King is law, so in free countries the law OUGHT to be King; and there ought to be no other. Neither can ye reconcile Britain and America. There are injuries which nature cannot forgive; she would cease to be nature if she did.
I HAVE never met with a man, either in England or America, who hath not confessed his opinion, that a separation between the countries, would take place one time or other: And there is no instance, in which we have shewn less judgment, than in endeavouring to describe, what we call, the ripeness or fitness of the Continent for independance. It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies; yet our present numbers are sufficient to repel the force of all the world. Our land force is already sufficient, and as to naval affairs, we cannot be insensible, that Britain would never suffer an American man of war to be built, while the continent remained in her hands. Can we but leave posterity with a settled form of government, an independant constitution of it's own, the purchase at any price will be cheap. No nation ought to be without a debt. And as a compensation for her debt, she has a large navy; America is without a debt, and without a navy; yet for the twentieth part of the English national debt, could have a navy as large again. The navy of England is not worth, at this time, more than three millions and an half sterling. Why do it for another? Our small arms equal to any in the world. If she is once admitted to the government of America again, this Continent will not be worth living in. The infant state of the Colonies, as it is called, so far from being against, is an argument in favor of independance. It is a matter worthy of observation, that the more a country is peopled, the smaller their armies are. The more men have to lose, the less willing are they to venture. Wherefore, the PRESENT TIME is the TRUE TIME for establishing it. And I put it as a question to those, who make a study of mankind, whether REPRESENTATION AND ELECTION is not too great a power for one and the same body of men to possess?
CLEOPATRA'S palace  Enter DEMETRIUS and PHILO    PHILO. His captain's heart,     Which in the scuffles of great fights hath burst     The buckles on his breast, reneges all temper,     And is become the bellows and the fan     To cool a gipsy's lust. Enter ANTONY, CLEOPATRA, her LADIES, the train,                     with eunuchs fanning her      Look where they come! ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. Enter a MESSENGER    MESSENGER. News, my good lord, from Rome. ANTONY. How, my love? CLEOPATRA. As I am Egypt's Queen,     Thou blushest, Antony, and that blood of thine     Is Caesar's homager. ANTONY. Why did he marry Fulvia, and not love her? CLEOPATRA. Hear the ambassadors. ANTONY. Exeunt ANTONY and CLEOPATRA, with the train   DEMETRIUS. Is Caesar with Antonius priz'd so slight?
CLEOPATRA'S palace  Enter CHARMIAN, IRAS, ALEXAS, and a SOOTHSAYER    CHARMIAN. Is this the man? Is't you, sir, that know things? SOOTHSAYER. He means in flesh. Let me be married to     three kings in a forenoon, and widow them all. Your fortunes are alike. Am I not an inch of fortune better than she? And let her die too, and give him a     worse! For, as     it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose-wiv'd, so it is     a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave uncuckolded. Here comes Antony. ENOBARBUS. CLEOPATRA. CLEOPATRA. He was dispos'd to mirth; but on the sudden     A Roman thought hath struck him. Enter ANTONY, with a MESSENGER and attendants    CLEOPATRA. Against my brother Lucius? ANTONY. The nature of bad news infects the teller. ANTONY. Labienus-     This is stiff news- hath with his Parthian force     Extended Asia from Euphrates,     His conquering banner shook from Syria     To Lydia and to Ionia,     Whilst-   ANTONY. ANTONY. Speak to me home; mince not the general tongue;     Name Cleopatra as she is call'd in Rome. He stays upon your will. Fulvia thy wife is dead. How now, Enobarbus! ANTONY. She is cunning past man's thought. ANTONY. ENOBARBUS. ANTONY. Fulvia is dead. ENOBARBUS. When it     pleaseth their deities to take the wife of a man from him, it       shows to man the tailors of the earth; comforting therein that     when old robes are worn out there are members to make new. If     there were no more women but Fulvia, then had you indeed a cut,     and the case to be lamented. ANTONY. ENOBARBUS. For not alone     The death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches,     Do strongly speak to us; but the letters to     Of many our contriving friends in Rome     Petition us at home.
CLEOPATRA'S palace  Enter CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, IRAS, and ALEXAS    CLEOPATRA. Where is he? See where he is, who's with him, what he does. CLEOPATRA. In each thing give him way; cross him in nothing. CLEOPATRA. Thou teachest like a fool- the way to lose him. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. I know by that same eye there's some good news. What says the married woman? Would she had never given you leave to come! No going then! ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. My more particular,     And that which most with you should safe my going,     Is Fulvia's death. CLEOPATRA. She's dead, my Queen. At the last, best. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. But let it be; I am quickly ill and well-     So Antony loves. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. And target. Still he mends;     But this is not the best. CLEOPATRA. That you know well. But that your royalty     Holds idleness your subject, I should take you     For idleness itself. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY.
Rome. CAESAR'S house  Enter OCTAVIUS CAESAR, reading a letter; LEPIDUS, and their train    CAESAR. You shall find there     A man who is the abstract of all faults     That all men follow. You are too indulgent. Let's grant it is not     Amiss to tumble on the bed of Ptolemy,     To give a kingdom for a mirth, to sit     And keep the turn of tippling with a slave,     To reel the streets at noon, and stand the buffet     With knaves that smell of sweat. If he fill'd     His vacancy with his voluptuousness,     Full surfeits and the dryness of his bones     Call on him for't! Enter a MESSENGER    LEPIDUS. Pompey is strong at sea,     And it appears he is belov'd of those     That only have fear'd Caesar. Caesar, I bring thee word     Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates,     Make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound     With keels of every kind. CAESAR. Antony,     Leave thy lascivious wassails. Let his shames quickly     Drive him to Rome. LEPIDUS.
CLEOPATRA. CLEOPATRA. Not now to hear thee sing; I take no pleasure     In aught an eunuch has. MARDIAN. Not in deed, madam; for I can do nothing     But what indeed is honest to be done. O happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony! The demi-Atlas of this earth, the arm     And burgonet of men. Broad-fronted Caesar,     When thou wast here above the ground, I was     A morsel for a monarch; and great Pompey     Would stand and make his eyes grow in my brow;     There would he anchor his aspect and die     With looking on his life. Enter ALEXAS    ALEXAS. How goes it with my brave Mark Antony? ALEXAS. CLEOPATRA. All the East,     Say thou, shall call her mistress.' CLEOPATRA. What, was he sad or merry? Who's born that day     When I forget to send to Antony     Shall die a beggar. Did I, Charmian,     Ever love Caesar so?
POMPEY'S house  Enter POMPEY, MENECRATES, and MENAS, in warlike manner    POMPEY. The people love me, and the sea is mine;     My powers are crescent, and my auguring hope     Says it will come to th' full. Caesar gets money where     He loses hearts. Lepidus flatters both,     Of both is flatter'd; but he neither loves,     Nor either cares for him. MENAS. Caesar and Lepidus     Are in the field. POMPEY. He dreams. This is most certain that I shall deliver:     Mark Antony is every hour in Rome     Expected. POMPEY. MENAS. I cannot hope     Caesar and Antony shall well greet together. POMPEY.
The house of LEPIDUS  Enter ENOBARBUS and LEPIDUS    LEPIDUS. LEPIDUS. ENOBARBUS. Enter CAESAR, MAECENAS, and AGRIPPA    ANTONY. ANTONY. My being in Egypt, Caesar,     What was't to you? No more than my residing here at Rome     Might be to you in Egypt. ANTONY. CAESAR. Your wife and brother     Made wars upon me, and their contestation     Was theme for you; you were the word of war. If you'll patch a quarrel,     As matter whole you have not to make it with,     It must not be with this. As for my wife,     I would you had her spirit in such another! Would we had all such wives, that the men might go to     wars with the women! ANTONY. CAESAR. If it might please you to enforce no further     The griefs between ye- to forget them quite     Were to remember that the present need     Speaks to atone you. ENOBARBUS. AGRIPPA. Great Mark Antony     Is now a widower. To hold you in perpetual amity,     To make you brothers, and to knit your hearts     With an unslipping knot, take Antony     Octavia to his wife; whose beauty claims     No worse a husband than the best of men;     Whose virtue and whose general graces speak     That which none else can utter. Will Caesar speak? ANTONY. The power of Caesar, and     His power unto Octavia. A sister I bequeath you, whom no brother     Did ever love so dearly. ANTONY. What is his strength by land? So is the fame. Would we had spoke together! ANTONY. MAECENAS. You stay'd well by't in Egypt. ENOBARBUS. This was but as a fly by an eagle. When she first met Mark Antony she purs'd up his heart,     upon the river of Cydnus. ENOBARBUS. The barge she sat in, like a burnish'd throne,     Burn'd on the water. O, rare for Antony! At the helm     A seeming mermaid steers. The city cast     Her people out upon her; and Antony,     Enthron'd i' th' market-place, did sit alone,     Whistling to th' air; which, but for vacancy,     Had gone to gaze on Cleopatra too,     And made a gap in nature. Upon her landing, Antony sent to her,     Invited her to supper. He ploughed her, and she cropp'd. He will not. If beauty, wisdom, modesty, can settle     The heart of Antony, Octavia is     A blessed lottery to him.
Rome. CAESAR'S house  Enter ANTONY, CAESAR, OCTAVIA between them    ANTONY. OCTAVIA. My Octavia,     Read not my blemishes in the world's report. CAESAR. Exeunt CAESAR and OCTAVIA                          Enter SOOTHSAYER    ANTONY. SOOTHSAYER. ANTONY. Therefore, O Antony, stay not by his side. ANTONY. If thou dost play with him at any game,     Thou art sure to lose; and of that natural luck     He beats thee 'gainst the odds. I will to Egypt;     And though I make this marriage for my peace,     I' th' East my pleasure lies. Enter VENTIDIUS      O, come, Ventidius,     You must to Parthia.
A street  Enter LEPIDUS, MAECENAS, and AGRIPPA    LEPIDUS. We shall,     As I conceive the journey, be at th' Mount     Before you, Lepidus. You'll win two days upon me.
Enter MARDIAN the eunuch    CLEOPATRA. Let's to billiards. Y'are caught.' That time? O times     I laughed him out of patience; and that night     I laugh'd him into patience; and next morn,     Ere the ninth hour, I drunk him to his bed,     Then put my tires and mantles on him, whilst     I wore his sword Philippan. Enter a MESSENGER      O! First, madam, he is well. But, sirrah, mark, we use     To say the dead are well. MESSENGER. CLEOPATRA. Yet, if thou say Antony lives, is well,     Or friends with Caesar, or not captive to him,     I'll set thee in a shower of gold, and hail     Rich pearls upon thee. MESSENGER. And friends with Caesar. He's bound unto Octavia. For the best turn i' th' bed. CLEOPATRA. Gracious madam,     I that do bring the news made not the match. MESSENGER. [Draws a knife]   MESSENGER. He is afear'd to come. Though it be honest, it is never good     To bring bad news. MESSENGER. Is he married? The gods confound thee! MESSENGER. He's married to Octavia. CLEOPATRA. O, that his fault should make a knave of thee     That art not what th'art sure of! In praising Antony I have disprais'd Caesar. CLEOPATRA. Go to the fellow, good Alexas; bid him     Report the feature of Octavia, her years,     Her inclination; let him not leave out     The colour of her hair.
CAESAR. POMPEY. and what     Made the all-honour'd honest Roman, Brutus,     With the arm'd rest, courtiers of beauteous freedom,     To drench the Capitol, but that they would     Have one man but a man? CAESAR. ANTONY. Be pleas'd to tell us-     For this is from the present- how you take     The offers we have sent you. ANTONY. You have made me offer     Of Sicily, Sardinia; and I must     Rid all the sea of pirates; then to send     Measures of wheat to Rome; this 'greed upon,     To part with unhack'd edges and bear back     Our targes undinted. POMPEY. ANTONY. ANTONY. POMPEY. ANTONY. And fair words to them. POMPEY. A certain queen to Caesar in a mattress. POMPEY. ENOBARBUS. At sea, I think. And you by land. And you by land. Pray     you, is he married to Cleopatra? MENAS. Then is Caesar and he for ever knit together. ENOBARBUS. I think the policy of that purpose made more in the marriage     than the love of the parties. He     will to his Egyptian dish again; then shall the sighs of Octavia     blow the fire up in Caesar, and, as I said before, that which is     the strength of their amity shall prove the immediate author of     their variance. Antony will use his affection where it is; he     married but his occasion here.
Lepidus is high-colour'd. '; reconciles them to his entreaty and himself     to th' drink. But it raises the greater war between him and his     discretion. Why, this it is to have a name in great men's     fellowship. LEPIDUS. Sit- and some wine! LEPIDUS. MENAS. POMPEY. [Aside to MENAS] Say in mine ear; what is't? MENAS. ANTONY. It lives by that which nourisheth it, and the elements     once out of it, it transmigrates. ANTONY. And the tears of it are wet. CAESAR. With the health that Pompey gives him, else he is a very     epicure. [Aside to MENAS] Go, hang, sir, hang! Away! [Rises and walks     aside] The matter? Wilt thou be lord of the whole world? POMPEY. How should that be? MENAS. Let me cut the cable;     And when we are put off, fall to their throats. In me 'tis villainy:     In thee't had been good service. I'll pledge it for him, Pompey. [Pointing to the servant who carries off LEPIDUS]   MENAS. 'A bears the third part of the world, man; see'st not? Possess it, I'll make answer. Shall we dance now the Egyptian Bacchanals     And celebrate our drink? Good night. Come, down into the boat. ENOBARBUS. MENAS.
A plain in Syria         Enter VENTIDIUS, as it were in triumph, with SILIUS       and other Romans, OFFICERS and soldiers; the dead body                 of PACORUS borne before him    VENTIDIUS. Thy Pacorus, Orodes,     Pays this for Marcus Crassus. Who does i' th' wars more than his captain can     Becomes his captain's captain; and ambition,     The soldier's virtue, rather makes choice of loss     Than gain which darkens him. Thou hast, Ventidius, that     Without the which a soldier and his sword     Grants scarce distinction. Thou wilt write to Antony? VENTIDIUS. Where is he now? VENTIDIUS.
SCENE II. CAESAR'S house          Enter AGRIPPA at one door, ENOBARBUS at another    AGRIPPA. Octavia weeps     To part from Rome; Caesar is sad; and Lepidus,     Since Pompey's feast, as Menas says, is troubled     With the green sickness. Caesar? Why he's the Jupiter of men. The god of Jupiter. the nonpareil! Yet he loves Antony. They are his shards, and he their beetle. Enter CAESAR, ANTONY, LEPIDUS, and OCTAVIA    ANTONY. CAESAR. The elements be kind to thee and make     Thy spirits all of comfort! OCTAVIA. The April's in her eyes. ENOBARBUS. AGRIPPA. [Aside to ENOBARBUS] Why, Enobarbus,     When Antony found Julius Caesar dead,     He cried almost to roaring; and he wept     When at Philippi he found Brutus slain. CAESAR. CAESAR.
CLEOPATRA'S palace           Enter CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, IRAS, and ALEXAS    CLEOPATRA. Where is the fellow? Go to, go to. MESSENGER. Madam, in Rome     I look'd her in the face, and saw her led     Between her brother and Mark Antony. She is not, madam. Dull of tongue and dwarfish! MESSENGER. She creeps. CLEOPATRA. Is this certain? CLEOPATRA. And I do think she's thirty. Brown, madam; and her forehead     As low as she would wish it. There's gold for thee. I have one thing more to ask him yet, good Charmian.
Athens. ANTONY'S house                   Enter ANTONY and OCTAVIA    ANTONY. Nay, nay, Octavia, not only that-     That were excusable, that and thousands more     Of semblable import- but he hath wag'd     New wars 'gainst Pompey; made his will, and read it     To public ear;     Spoke scandy of me; when perforce he could not     But pay me terms of honour, cold and sickly     He vented them, most narrow measure lent me;     When the best hint was given him, he not took't,     Or did it from his teeth. A more unhappy lady,     If this division chance, ne'er stood between,     Praying for both parts. Husband win, win brother,     Prays, and destroys the prayer; no mid-way     'Twixt these extremes at all. ANTONY. The meantime, lady,     I'll raise the preparation of a war     Shall stain your brother.
SCENE V.                    Athens. ANTONY'S house               Enter ENOBARBUS and EROS, meeting    ENOBARBUS. How now, friend Eros! What is the success? Caesar, having made use of him in the wars 'gainst Pompey,     presently denied him rivality, would not let him partake in the     glory of the action; and not resting here, accuses him of letters     he had formerly wrote to Pompey; upon his own appeal, seizes him. Where's Antony? And threats the throat of that his officer     That murd'red Pompey. Bring me to Antony.
Rome. Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more     In Alexandria. Unto her     He gave the stablishment of Egypt; made her     Of lower Syria, Cyprus, Lydia,     Absolute queen. This in the public eye? She     In th' habiliments of the goddess Isis     That day appear'd; and oft before gave audience,     As 'tis reported, so. CAESAR. Lastly, he frets     That Lepidus of the triumvirate     Should be depos'd; and, being, that we detain     All his revenue. CAESAR. I have told him Lepidus was grown too cruel,     That he his high authority abus'd,     And did deserve his change. He'll never yield to that. CAESAR. Enter OCTAVIA, with her train    OCTAVIA. Hail, Caesar, and my lord! OCTAVIA. CAESAR. The wife of Antony     Should have an army for an usher, and     The neighs of horse to tell of her approach     Long ere she did appear. CAESAR. OCTAVIA. CAESAR. Where is he now? CAESAR. Most certain.
CLEOPATRA. ENOBARBUS. He is already     Traduc'd for levity; and 'tis said in Rome     That Photinus an eunuch and your maids     Manage this war. CLEOPATRA. Enter ANTONY and CANIDIUS    ENOBARBUS. ANTONY. Canidius, we     Will fight with him by sea. By sea! ENOBARBUS. Ay, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia,     Where Caesar fought with Pompey. ANTONY. By sea, by sea. ANTONY. I'll fight at sea. ANTONY. Enter a MESSENGER      Thy business? The news is true, my lord: he is descried;     Caesar has taken Toryne. ANTONY. 'Tis impossible-     Strange that his power should be. Let th' Egyptians     And the Phoenicians go a-ducking; we     Have us'd to conquer standing on the earth     And fighting foot to foot. ANTONY. CANIDIUS. Soldier, thou art; but his whole action grows     Not in the power on't. You keep by land     The legions and the horse whole, do you not? They say one Taurus.
A plain near Actium               Enter CAESAR, with his army, marching    CAESAR. TAURUS. Strike not by land; keep whole; provoke not battle     Till we have done at sea.
Set we our squadrons on yon side o' th' hill,     In eye of Caesar's battle; from which place     We may the number of the ships behold,     And so proceed accordingly.
Another part of the plain          CANIDIUS marcheth with his land army one way         over the stage, and TAURUS, the Lieutenant of       CAESAR, the other way. The greater cantle of the world is lost     With very ignorance; we have kiss'd away     Kingdoms and provinces. ENOBARBUS. She once being loof'd,     The noble ruin of her magic, Antony,     Claps on his sea-wing, and, like a doting mallard,     Leaving the fight in height, flies after her. Enter CANIDIUS    CANIDIUS. ENOBARBUS. Toward Peloponnesus are they fled.
CLEOPATRA'S palace                 Enter ANTONY With attendants    ANTONY. I am so lated in the world that I     Have lost my way for ever. I have a ship     Laden with gold; take that; divide it. Fly,     And make your peace with Caesar. ALL. ANTONY. I'll see you by and by. Comfort him. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. He at Philippi kept     His sword e'en like a dancer, while I struck     The lean and wrinkled Cassius; and 'twas I     That the mad Brutus ended; he alone     Dealt on lieutenantry, and no practice had     In the brave squares of war. CLEOPATRA. Go to him, madam, speak to him. He is unqualitied with very shame. CLEOPATRA. Her head's declin'd, and death will seize her but     Your comfort makes the rescue. CLEOPATRA. Give me a kiss;     Even this repays me. Love, I am full of lead.
CAESAR'S camp in Egypt     Enter CAESAR, AGRIPPA, DOLABELLA, THYREUS, with others    CAESAR. Let him appear that's come from Antony. Lord of his fortunes he salutes thee, and     Requires to live in Egypt; which not granted,     He lessens his requests and to thee sues     To let him breathe between the heavens and earth,     A private man in Athens. This for him. CAESAR. For Antony,     I have no ears to his request. This if she perform,     She shall not sue unheard. CAESAR. Exit EUPHRONIUS     [To THYREUS] To try thy eloquence, now 'tis time. CAESAR.
CLEOPATRA'S palace          Enter CLEOPATRA, ENOBARBUS, CHARMIAN, and IRAS    CLEOPATRA. CLEOPATRA. Is Antony or we in fault for this? Antony only, that would make his will     Lord of his reason. The itch of his affection should not then     Have nick'd his captainship, at such a point,     When half to half the world oppos'd, he being     The mered question. Is that his answer? He says so. ANTONY. Let her know't. ANTONY. A messenger from Caesar. Against the blown rose may they stop their nose     That kneel'd unto the buds. Exit SERVANT   ENOBARBUS. Caesar's will? ENOBARBUS. If Caesar please, our master     Will leap to be his friend. For us, you know     Whose he is we are, and that is Caesar's. CLEOPATRA. He knows that you embrace not Antony     As you did love, but as you fear'd him. CLEOPATRA. He is a god, and knows     What is most right. For he partly begs     To be desir'd to give. CLEOPATRA. CLEOPATRA. Tell him I am prompt     To lay my crown at 's feet, and there to kneel. Tell him from his all-obeying breath I hear     The doom of Egypt. Re-enter ANTONY and ENOBARBUS    ANTONY. One that but performs     The bidding of the fullest man, and worthiest     To have command obey'd. ENOBARBUS. ANTONY. Enter servants      Take hence this Jack and whip him. ENOBARBUS. ANTONY. Were't twenty of the greatest tributaries     That do acknowledge Caesar, should I find them     So saucy with the hand of she here- what's her name     Since she was Cleopatra? Mark Antony-   ANTONY. Have I my pillow left unpress'd in Rome,     Forborne the getting of a lawful race,     And by a gem of women, to be abus'd     By one that looks on feeders? CLEOPATRA. O, is't come to this? Wherefore is this? ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. To flatter Caesar, would you mingle eyes     With one that ties his points? ANTONY. The next Caesarion smite! ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. To be furious     Is to be frighted out of fear, and in that mood     The dove will peck the estridge; and I see still     A diminution in our captain's brain     Restores his heart.
SCENE I.               CAESAR'S camp before Alexandria        Enter CAESAR, AGRIPPA, and MAECENAS, with his army;                  CAESAR reading a letter    CAESAR. Give him no breath, but now     Make boot of his distraction. Let our best heads     Know that to-morrow the last of many battles     We mean to fight. Poor Antony!
Why should he not? ENOBARBUS. He thinks, being twenty times of better fortune,     He is twenty men to one. ANTONY. ANTONY. ENOBARBUS. ANTONY. I wish I could be made so many men,     And all of you clapp'd up together in     An Antony, that I might do you service     So good as you have done. [Aside to CLEOPATRA] To make his followers weep. ANTONY. ENOBARBUS. What mean you, sir,     To give them this discomfort? ANTONY. Know, my hearts,     I hope well of to-morrow, and will lead you     Where rather I'll expect victorious life     Than death and honour. Let's to supper, come,     And drown consideration.
To-morrow is the day. Heard you of nothing strange about the streets? Good night to you. Soldiers, have careful watch. And you. [Music of the hautboys is under the stage]    SECOND SOLDIER. Music i' th' air. Under the earth. It signs well, does it not? 'Tis the god Hercules, whom Antony lov'd,     Now leaves him.
Eros! CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. Eros! CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. Thou shouldst see     A workman in't. Enter an armed SOLDIER      Good-morrow to thee. Thou look'st like him that knows a warlike charge. SOLDIER. A thousand, sir,     Early though't be, have on their riveted trim,     And at the port expect you. The morn is fair. Fare thee well, dame, whate'er becomes of me. This is a soldier's kiss. Rebukeable,     And worthy shameful check it were, to stand     On more mechanic compliment; I'll leave thee     Now like a man of steel. Then, Antony- but now.
ANTONY'S camp          Trumpets sound. Enter ANTONY and EROS, a SOLDIER                        meeting them    SOLDIER. ANTONY. Hadst thou done so,     The kings that have revolted, and the soldier     That has this morning left thee, would have still     Followed thy heels. ANTONY. Who? EROS. Sir, his chests and treasure     He has not with him. ANTONY. Is he gone?
CAESAR'S camp         Flourish. Our will is Antony be took alive;     Make it so known. The time of universal peace is near. Enter A MESSENGER    MESSENGER. CAESAR. Go charge Agrippa     Plant those that have revolted in the vant,     That Antony may seem to spend his fury     Upon himself. Exeunt all but ENOBARBUS    ENOBARBUS. Alexas did revolt and went to Jewry on     Affairs of Antony; there did dissuade     Great Herod to incline himself to Caesar     And leave his master Antony. Enter a SOLDIER of CAESAR'S    SOLDIER. The messenger     Came on my guard, and at thy tent is now     Unloading of his mules. I fight against thee?
Field of battle between the camps           Alarum. Enter AGRIPPA                         and others    AGRIPPA. Enter ANTONY, and SCARUS wounded    SCARUS. ANTONY. 'Tis sport to maul a runner. I will reward thee     Once for thy sprightly comfort, and tenfold     For thy good valour. Come thee on.
Enter ANTONY, again in a march; SCARUS                         with others    ANTONY. We have beat him to his camp. To-morrow,     Before the sun shall see's, we'll spill the blood     That has to-day escap'd. Enter CLEOPATRA, attended      [To SCARUS] Give me thy hand-     To this great fairy I'll commend thy acts,     Make her thanks bless thee. Leap thou, attire and all,     Through proof of harness to my heart, and there     Ride on the pants triumphing. Mine nightingale,     We have beat them to their beds. CLEOPATRA.
CAESAR'S camp        Enter a CENTURION and his company; ENOBARBUS follows    CENTURION. FIRST WATCH. ENOBARBUS. Enobarbus? O Antony,     Nobler than my revolt is infamous,     Forgive me in thine own particular,     But let the world rank me in register     A master-leaver and a fugitive! O Antony! Let's speak to him. But he sleeps. Go we to him. Let us bear him     To th' court of guard; he is of note.
SCARUS. I would they'd fight i' th' fire or i' th' air;     We'd fight there too. But this it is, our foot     Upon the hills adjoining to the city     Shall stay with us- Order for sea is given;     They have put forth the haven-     Where their appointment we may best discover     And look on their endeavour.
Between the camps                  Enter CAESAR and his army    CAESAR. To the vales,     And hold our best advantage.
A hill near Alexandria                    Enter ANTONY and SCARUS    ANTONY. I'll bring thee word     Straight how 'tis like to go. Antony     Is valiant and dejected; and by starts     His fretted fortunes give him hope and fear     Of what he has and has not. My fleet hath yielded to the foe, and yonder     They cast their caps up and carouse together     Like friends long lost. Fortune and Antony part here; even here     Do we shake hands. All come to this? CLEOPATRA. ANTONY. Let him take thee     And hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians;     Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot     Of all thy sex; most monster-like, be shown     For poor'st diminutives, for doits, and let     Patient Octavia plough thy visage up     With her prepared nails. The witch shall die. To the young Roman boy she hath sold me, and I fall     Under this plot.
CHARMIAN. There lock yourself, and send him word you are dead. CLEOPATRA. Mardian, go tell him I have slain myself;     Say that the last I spoke was 'Antony'     And word it, prithee, piteously. Hence, Mardian,     And bring me how he takes my death.
ANTONY. EROS. That which is now a horse, even with a thought     The rack dislimns, and makes it indistinct,     As water is in water. EROS. ANTONY. MARDIAN. ANTONY. MARDIAN. Death of one person can be paid but once,     And that she has discharg'd. The last she spake     Was 'Antony! Then in the midst a tearing groan did break     The name of Antony; it was divided     Between her heart and lips. ANTONY. ANTONY. Unarm, Eros; the long day's task is done,     And we must sleep. Go. Heart, once be stronger than thy continent,     Crack thy frail case. Exit EROS     I will o'ertake thee, Cleopatra, and     Weep for my pardon. So it must be, for now     All length is torture. Re-enter EROS    EROS. ANTONY. I, that with my sword     Quarter'd the world, and o'er green Neptune's back     With ships made cities, condemn myself to lack     The courage of a woman; less noble mind     Than she which by her death our Caesar tells     'I am conqueror of myself.' EROS. Shall I do that which all the Parthian darts,     Though enemy, lost aim and could not? EROS. ANTONY. EROS. ANTONY. ANTONY. [Turning from him]   EROS. ANTONY. EROS. ANTONY. EROS. ANTONY. Now, Eros. EROS. Thus do I escape the sorrow     Of Antony's death. [Kills himself   ANTONY. To do thus                                           [Falling on his sword]     I learn'd of thee. not dead? And time is at his period. Let him that loves me, strike me dead. Not I. This sword but shown to Caesar, with this tidings,     Shall enter me with him. When did she send thee? ANTONY. Where is she? ANTONY.
A monument        Enter CLEOPATRA and her maids aloft, with CHARMIAN                          and IRAS    CLEOPATRA. Is he dead? O Antony,     Antony, Antony! CLEOPATRA. Not th' imperious show     Of the full-fortun'd Caesar ever shall     Be brooch'd with me. CLEOPATRA. Our strength is all gone into heaviness;     That makes the weight. ANTONY. ANTONY. CLEOPATRA. My resolution and my hands I'll trust;     None about Caesar   ANTONY. The miserable change now at my end     Lament nor sorrow at; but please your thoughts     In feeding them with those my former fortunes     Wherein I liv'd the greatest prince o' th' world,     The noblest; and do now not basely die,     Not cowardly put off my helmet to     My countryman- a Roman by a Roman     Valiantly vanquish'd. CLEOPATRA. Shall I abide     In this dull world, which in thy absence is     No better than a sty? No more but e'en a woman, and commanded     By such poor passion as the maid that milks     And does the meanest chares. Then is it sin     To rush into the secret house of death     Ere death dare come to us? We'll bury him; and then, what's brave, what's noble,     Let's do it after the high Roman fashion,     And make death proud to take us.
CAESAR'S camp        Enter CAESAR, AGRIPPA, DOLABELLA, MAECENAS, GALLUS,           PROCULEIUS, and others, his Council of War    CAESAR. Exit               Enter DERCETAS With the sword of ANTONY    CAESAR. Wherefore is that? CAESAR. I say, O Caesar, Antony is dead. CAESAR. The breaking of so great a thing should make     A greater crack. The death of Antony     Is not a single doom; in the name lay     A moiety of the world. CAESAR. The gods rebuke me, but it is tidings     To wash the eyes of kings. MAECENAS. CAESAR. The business of this man looks out of him;     We'll hear him what he says. CAESAR. Bid her have good heart. Exit   CAESAR. Go and say     We purpose her no shame. Go,     And with your speediest bring us what she says,     And how you find her. Exit   CAESAR. Go with me to my tent, where you shall see     How hardly I was drawn into this war,     How calm and gentle I proceeded still     In all my writings.
The monument        Enter CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, IRAS, and MARDIAN    CLEOPATRA. 'Tis paltry to be Caesar:     Not being Fortune, he's but Fortune's knave,     A minister of her will; and it is great     To do that thing that ends all other deeds,     Which shackles accidents and bolts up change,     Which sleeps, and never palates more the dug,     The beggar's nurse and Caesar's. PROCULEIUS. If he please     To give me conquer'd Egypt for my son,     He gives me so much of mine own as I     Will kneel to him with thanks. Some of the guard                 unbar and open the gates      Guard her till Caesar come. CHARMIAN. [Drawing a dagger]   PROCULEIUS. CLEOPATRA. CLEOPATRA. Rather a ditch in Egypt     Be gentle grave unto me! PROCULEIUS. For the Queen,     I'll take her to my guard. PROCULEIUS. Be gentle to her. CLEOPATRA. DOLABELLA. CLEOPATRA. His voice was propertied     As all the tuned spheres, and that to friends;     But when he meant to quail and shake the orb,     He was as rattling thunder. Think you there was or might be such a man     As this I dreamt of? CLEOPATRA. You lie, up to the hearing of the gods. DOLABELLA. Know you what Caesar means to do with me? DOLABELLA. DOLABELLA. Though he be honourable-   CLEOPATRA. He'll lead me, then, in triumph? Enter CAESAR; GALLUS, PROCULEIUS, MAECENAS, SELEUCUS,                      and others of his train    CAESAR. Which is the Queen of Egypt? CAESAR. Cleopatra, know     We will extenuate rather than enforce. And may, through all the world. You shall advise me in all for Cleopatra. CLEOPATRA. What have I kept back? CAESAR. Feed and sleep. CLEOPATRA. My master and my lord! CLEOPATRA. I have spoke already, and it is provided;     Go put it to the haste. CHARMIAN. Madam, as thereto sworn by your command,     Which my love makes religion to obey,     I tell you this: Caesar through Syria     Intends his journey, and within three days     You with your children will he send before. CLEOPATRA. Thou an Egyptian puppet shall be shown     In Rome as well as I. IRAS. IRAS. Bring our crown and all. CLEOPATRA. Exit GUARDSMAN     What poor an instrument     May do a noble deed! He brings me liberty. This is the man. Exit GUARDSMAN     Hast thou the pretty worm of Nilus there     That kills and pains not? Very many, men and women too. I wish you all joy of the worm. IRAS falls and dies]     Have I the aspic in my lips? If thus thou and nature can so gently part,     The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch,     Which hurts and is desir'd. If she first meet the curled Antony,     He'll make demand of her, and spend that kiss     Which is my heaven to have. Come, thou mortal wretch,                     [To an asp, which she applies to her breast]     With thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate     Of life at once untie. CHARMIAN. CLEOPATRA. Dost thou not see my baby at my breast     That sucks the nurse asleep? Nay, I will take thee too:                                [Applying another asp to her arm]     What should I stay-                                   [Dies]   CHARMIAN. In this vile world? CHARMIAN. [Applies an asp]     O, come apace, dispatch. FIRST GUARD. It is well done, and fitting for a princes     Descended of so many royal kings. All dead. [Within: 'A way there, a way for Caesar!'] CAESAR. Bravest at the last,     She levell'd at our purposes, and being royal,     Took her own way. The manner of their deaths? I do not see them bleed. Who was last with them? FIRST GUARD. CAESAR. She shall be buried by her Antony;     No grave upon the earth shall clip in it     A pair so famous. High events as these     Strike those that make them; and their story is     No less in pity than his glory which     Brought them to be lamented. Our army shall     In solemn show attend this funeral,     And then to Rome. Come, Dolabella, see     High order in this great solemnity. Exeunt   THE END
First reason: Because Sir Henry Curtis and Captain John Good asked me. Third reason: Because I want my boy Harry, who is over there at the hospital in London studying to become a doctor, to have something to amuse him and keep him out of mischief for a week or so. It is a stiff place, and I feel as though I were bogged up to the axle. Well, it is eighteen months or so ago since first I met Sir Henry Curtis and Captain Good. The other man, who stood talking to Sir Henry, was stout and dark, and of quite a different cut. "Excuse me, sir, but is your name Allan Quatermain?" "Mr. Neville was my brother." "Yes," said the captain; "nothing else to do, you see. Probably he was thinking of Saxons.--Editor.
"What was it that you heard about my brother's journey at Bamangwato?" I heard that he was starting for Solomon's Mines." "Solomon's Mines?" Sir Henry nodded, and Captain Good replied, "Certainly, certainly." It was such a man as this who first told me the legend of Solomon's Mines, now a matter of nearly thirty years ago. His name was Evans, and he was killed the following year, poor fellow, by a wounded buffalo, and lies buried near the Zambesi Falls. There is a great wide wagon road cut out of the solid rock, and leading to the mouth of the working or gallery. why, what is "Suliman" but a corruption of Solomon? "'Good-bye, senor,' he said; 'if ever we meet again I shall be the richest man in the world, and I will remember you.' "A week passed, and I got the better of my fever. "Jose Silvestre, of course," said Captain Good. His face was a bright yellow with bilious fever, and his large dark eyes stood nearly out of his head, for all the flesh had gone. "Ay, but the document?" Farewell. Jose da Silvestra. "[2]   When I had finished reading the above, and shown the copy of the map, drawn by the dying hand of the old Dom with his blood for ink, there followed a silence of astonishment. Sir Henry laid his large hand upon my shoulder. I knew the man Jim who was with him. "'Jim,' said I, 'where are you off to this trip? --that is, Solomon's Mountains, Sir Henry. "'No,' he answered, 'he is going. He told me he was bound to make his fortune somehow, or try to; so he might as well have a fling for the diamonds.' Both Sir Henry and Captain Good looked very disappointed. [1] Suliman is the Arabic form of Solomon.--Editor.
But just before you come to Durban there is a peculiar richness about the landscape. From a large brig lying near also came the music of the sailors as they worked at getting the anchor up in order to be ready for the wind. "Well, Mr. Quatermain," said Sir Henry presently, "have you been thinking about my proposals?" You are to pay all expenses, and any ivory or other valuables we may get is to be divided between Captain Good and myself. That before we trek you execute a deed agreeing, in the event of my death or disablement, to pay my boy Harry, who is studying medicine over there in London, at Guy's Hospital, a sum of L200 a year for five years, by which time he ought to be able to earn a living for himself if he is worth his salt. "And now as to the journey itself, I tell you flatly, Sir Henry and Captain Good, that I do not think it probable we can come out of it alive, that is, if we attempt to cross the Suliman Mountains. I tell you frankly, gentlemen, that as their fates were so I believe ours will be." I paused to watch the effect of my words. First I secured the deed from Sir Henry, providing for you, my boy, in case of accidents. Having paid this tribute to my bump of caution, I purchased a wagon and a span of oxen on Sir Henry's behalf, and beauties they were. After much consultation we decided that their number should be limited to five, namely, a driver, a leader, and three servants. The driver and leader I found without much difficulty, two Zulus, named respectively Goza and Tom; but to get the servants proved a more difficult matter. He never seemed to tire. But, as it happened, on the evening before the day we had fixed for our departure the Zulu Khiva informed me that a Kafir was waiting to see me. "Umbopa," answered the man in a slow, deep voice. That is my Kafir name, and means the man who gets up in the middle of the night, or, in vulgar English, he who keeps his eyes open. That is not the way to speak. "My name is Umbopa. Here is not my place. Sir Henry told me to ask him to stand up. "I like your looks, Mr. Umbopa, and I will take you as my servant," said Sir Henry in English. Umbopa evidently understood him, for he answered in Zulu, "It is well"; and then added, with a glance at the white man's great stature and breadth, "We are men, thou and I."
Now I do not propose to narrate at full length all the incidents of our long travel up to Sitanda's Kraal, near the junction of the Lukanga and Kalukwe Rivers. It was a journey of more than a thousand miles from Durban, the last three hundred or so of which we had to make on foot, owing to the frequent presence of the dreadful "tsetse" fly, whose bite is fatal to all animals except donkeys and men. The wagon and the oxen we left in the immediate charge of Goza and Tom, our driver and leader, both trustworthy boys, requesting a worthy Scotch missionary who lived in this distant place to keep an eye on them. The elephant is a destructive feeder. re-echoed Sir Henry and I, and from that day Good's reputation as a marvellous shot was established, at any rate among the Kafirs. This is done by cutting a quantity of thorn bushes and piling them in the shape of a circular hedge. Well, there we three sat yarning away in the beautiful moonlight, and watching the Kafirs a few yards off sucking their intoxicating "daccha" from a pipe of which the mouthpiece was made of the horn of an eland, till one by one they rolled themselves up in their blankets and went to sleep by the fire, that is, all except Umbopa, who was a little apart, his chin resting on his hand, and thinking deeply. Elephant!" "It seems that we are in a paradise of game. I vote we stop here a day or two, and have a go at them," said Sir Henry, presently. But I suppose his hunter instincts got the better of him for a while. While the antelope drank, the lion had sprung upon him, only to be received upon the sharp curved horns and transfixed. The other Kafirs we left with instructions to skin the lion and the sable antelope, and to cut up the latter. I whispered to the others that I would take the middle one; Sir Henry covering the elephant to the left, and Good the bull with the big tusks. Meanwhile the herd had crashed off in wild alarm in the other direction. For awhile we debated whether to go after the wounded bull or to follow the herd, and finally deciding for the latter alternative, departed, thinking that we had seen the last of those big tusks. But as it was, his trousers cumbered him in that desperate race, and presently, when he was about sixty yards from us, his boot, polished by the dry grass, slipped, and down he went on his face right in front of the elephant. It stuck in his trunk. Umbopa stood contemplating the huge dead elephant and the mangled remains of poor Khiva. "Ah, well," he said presently, "he is dead, but he died like a man!"
It was a wonderfully fine lot of ivory. The tusks of the great bull that killed poor Khiva scaled one hundred and seventy pounds the pair, so nearly as we could judge. On the third day we marched again, hoping that we might live to return to dig up our buried ivory, and in due course, after a long and wearisome tramp, and many adventures which I have not space to detail, we reached Sitanda's Kraal, near the Lukanga River, the real starting-point of our expedition. To the left lay the vast desert. Just below our encampment flowed a little stream, on the farther side of which is a stony slope, the same down which, twenty years before, I had seen poor Silvestre creeping back after his attempt to reach Solomon's Mines, and beyond that slope begins the waterless desert, covered with a species of karoo shrub. The air was very clear, and far, far away I could distinguish the faint blue outlines, here and there capped with white, of the Suliman Berg. "My brother should be there, and if he is, I shall reach him somehow," said Sir Henry, in that tone of quiet confidence which marked the man. "How dost thou know that I am not the equal of the Inkosi whom I serve?" "He is of a royal house, no doubt; one can see it in his size and by his mien; so, mayhap, am I. "Yes, Umbopa," answered Sir Henry, "I would journey there." "That is so, Incubu; a Hottentot I met on the road told me that a white man went out into the desert two years ago towards those mountains with one servant, a hunter. asked Sir Henry. He said, too, that the name of the hunter with him was Jim; that he was a Bechuana hunter and wore clothes." Sir Henry nodded. If he meant to cross the Suliman Berg he has crossed it, unless some accident overtook him, and we must look for him on the other side." Man must die. Like a storm-driven bird at night we fly out of the Nowhere; for a moment our wings are seen in the light of the fire, and, lo! we are gone again into the Nowhere. It is the Hand with which we hold off Death. It is the glow-worm that shines in the night-time and is black in the morning; it is the white breath of the oxen in winter; it is the little shadow that runs across the grass and loses itself at sunset." "You are a strange man," said Sir Henry, when he had ceased. Umbopa laughed. I have heard of it. But what is the good of talking? The man knew too much. Next day we made our arrangements for starting. He got up considerably startled, and not at all pleased at the loss of the ox, which he had the impudence to ask me to pay for, and nothing would induce him to touch the guns again. After that he promised to look after them as though they were his father's spirit. But we are three men who will stand together for good or for evil to the last. "And now," said Sir Henry, "_trek_!" The burning sun seemed to be sucking our very blood out of us. The heat did not affect _them_. said Sir Henry. echoed Good. If the reader will refer to the rough copy and translation of old da Silvestra's map, he will see that the desert is marked as measuring forty leagues across, and the "pan bad water" is set down as being about in the middle of it.
The others were still sleeping. The mere thought of that pure water made me mad. Not a drop of water was left. Now it was gradually growing light, and as we sat staring blankly at each other, I observed the Hottentot Ventvoegel rise and begin to walk about with his eyes on the ground. "Well," I said, "it is fresh Springbok spoor; what of it?" "Springbucks do not go far from water," he answered in Dutch. For a while the morning lights played upon the snow and the brown and swelling masses beneath, and then, as though to veil the majestic sight from our curious eyes, strange vapours and clouds gathered and increased around the mountains, till presently we could only trace their pure and gigantic outlines, showing ghostlike through the fleecy envelope. So far as the eye might reach there was nothing but arid sweltering sand and karoo scrub. "Perhaps it is on the top of the hill," he suggested. We rushed up to him, and there, sure enough, in a deep cut or indentation on the very top of the sand koppie, was an undoubted pool of water. The wonderful thing to us was that the pan should have lasted so long, and the only way in which I can account for this is on the supposition that it is fed by some spring deep down in the sand. After resting an hour or two, driven to it by our torturing thirst, we went on, toiling painfully in the burning heat up the lava slopes, for we found that the huge base of the mountain was composed entirely of lava beds belched from the bowels of the earth in some far past age. We had hit upon a patch of wild melons, thousands of them, and dead ripe. But melons are not very nutritious, and when we had satisfied our thirst with their pulpy substance, and put a stock to cool by the simple process of cutting them in two and setting them end on in the hot sun to grow cold by evaporation, we began to feel exceedingly hungry. We had escaped death by thirst, but it seemed probable that it was only to die of hunger. The events of the next three miserable days are best described by copying the entries made at the time in my note-book. Halted for the night at sundown, having had no food for many hours. Good, Sir Henry, and Umbopa bear up wonderfully, but Ventvoegel is in a very bad way. Behind us the glowing desert rolls away to the horizon, and before us lie mile upon mile of smooth hard snow almost level, but swelling gently upwards, out of the centre of which the nipple of the mountain, that appears to be some miles in circumference, rises about four thousand feet into the sky. he said, pointing towards the springing slope of the nipple. I followed his glance, and some two hundred yards from us perceived what appeared to be a hole in the snow. "It is the cave," said Umbopa. By this time the sunlight was pouring its cold rays, for here they were cold, straight into the mouth of the cave. I stared at it, and saw that this too was a _dead man_, and, what was more, a white man.
This was a new idea, and we re-entered the place to put it to the proof. After the bright light outside, our eyes, weak as they were with staring at the snow, could not pierce the gloom of the cave for a while. "Why, the old Dom, Jose da Silvestra, of course--who else?" he went on, stooping down to pick up a queerly-shaped bone scraped at the end into a sharp point, "here is the 'cleft bone' that Silvestra used to draw the map with." "Ay," said Sir Henry, "and this is where he got his ink from," and he pointed to a small wound on the Dom's left arm. When we had walked about half a mile we came to the edge of the plateau, for the nipple of the mountain does not rise out of its exact centre, though from the desert side it had seemed to do so. By the stream, basking in the bright sun, stood and lay a group of from ten to fifteen _large antelopes_--at that distance we could not see of what species. The sight filled us with an unreasoning joy. But the question was how to do so. Then came a pause, each of us aiming his level best, as indeed a man is likely to do when he knows that life itself depends upon the shot. "Starving men should not be fanciful," said Good; "we must eat raw meat." But now, having set Umbopa to cut off as much of the best meat as we were likely to be able to carry, we began to inspect our surroundings. "Isn't there something on the map about Solomon's Great Road?" said Good; "the road no doubt ran right over the range and across the desert on the other side, but the sand there has covered it up, and above us it has been obliterated by some volcanic eruption of molten lava." As for the road itself, I never saw such an engineering work, though Sir Henry said that the great road over the St. Gothard in Switzerland is very similar. From a little bag that he carried he produced a pocket-comb in which was fixed a tiny looking-glass, and in this he surveyed himself. Indeed, as we afterwards found out, the language spoken by this people is an old-fashioned form of the Zulu tongue, bearing about the same relationship to it that the English of Chaucer does to the English of the nineteenth century. and why are the faces of three of you white, and the face of the fourth as the face of our mother's sons?" and he pointed to Umbopa. He obeyed, slipping the set into the sleeve of his flannel shirt. "How is it, O strangers," asked the old man solemnly, "that this fat man (pointing to Good, who was clad in nothing but boots and a flannel shirt, and had only half finished his shaving), whose body is clothed, and whose legs are bare, who grows hair on one side of his sickly face and not on the other, and who wears one shining and transparent eye--how is it, I ask, that he has teeth which move of themselves, coming away from the jaws and returning of their own will?" The old man smiled. It is but a buck that the magic has killed. Listen, children of the Stars, children of the shining Eye and the movable Teeth, who roar out in thunder, and slay from afar. "Scragga, son of Twala, the great king--Twala, husband of a thousand wives, chief and lord paramount of the Kukuanas, keeper of the great Road, terror of his enemies, student of the Black Arts, leader of a hundred thousand warriors, Twala the One-eyed, the Black, the Terrible." These at once proceeded to lay hold of all our goods and chattels, in order to bear them for us, excepting only the guns, which they would on no account touch. "Nay, my lord," answered Infadoos, "would my lord cover up his beautiful white legs (although he is so dark Good has a singularly white skin) from the eyes of his servants? Your 'beautiful white legs' and your eye-glass are now _the_ features of our party, and as Sir Henry says, you must live up to them. "And whose are the writings on the wall of the caves through which we have passed on the road?" "My lord, the hands that made the road wrote the wonderful writings. "My lord, the race came down here like the breath of a storm ten thousand thousand moons ago, from the great lands which lie there beyond," and he pointed to the north. "They could travel no further because of the high mountains which ring in the land, so say the old voices of our fathers that have descended to us the children, and so says Gagool, the wise woman, the smeller out of witches," and again he pointed to the snow-clad peaks. "And if the land is walled in with mountains, who is there for the regiments to fight with?" It is the third part of the life of a man since there was a war. And at the time Imotu was sick with a wound, and lay in his kraal not able to move. Then just as the tumult was at its height Imotu the king, though he was very sick, crawled from his hut holding his wife by the hand, and followed by his little son Ignosi--that is, by interpretation, the Lightning. And the people being fickle, and ever ready to worship the rising sun, clapped their hands and cried, '_Twala is king!_ Now we know that Twala is king!'" "And what became of Imotu's wife and her son Ignosi? Did Twala kill them too?" "Then if this child Ignosi had lived he would be the true king of the Kukuana people?" If he lives he is king; but, alas! These spears are not used for throwing but like the Zulu "_bangwan_," or stabbing assegai, are for close quarters only, when the wound inflicted by them is terrible. These knives, which are called "_tollas_" by the Kukuanas, take the place of the throwing assegai of the Zulus. Also they are much larger, and surrounded by a verandah about six feet wide, beautifully paved with powdered lime trodden hard. They are tall and graceful, and their figures are wonderfully fine. We received the gifts, and then one of the young men drew the knife from his girdle and dexterously cut the ox's throat. The best of the meat was then cut off for us, and the rest, in the name of our party, I presented to the warriors round us, who took it and distributed the "white lords' gift."
Sixty or seventy miles away three great snow-capped mountains, placed at the points of a triangle, started out of the level plain. "The road ends there," he said, pointing to the mountains known among the Kukuanas as the "Three Witches." It is there that the wise men of old time used to go to get whatever it was they came for to this country, and it is there now that our kings are buried in the Place of Death." "What was it they came for?" I have heard, for instance, that the wise men of old came to these mountains to find bright stones, pretty playthings, and yellow iron." The change from day to night is as quick and as absolute as the change from life to death. The moon is now bright, so that we shall not fall by the way." As for Infadoos, he took up a position by the door of the hut. The figure seated itself upon a stool, Scragga took his stand behind it, and the withered-up monkey crept on all fours into the shade of the hut and squatted down. Presently the man, whom we rightly guessed to be the king, raised the great javelin in his hand. "Then it is a chance for which thou must pay. Scragga stepped forward with an ill-favoured grin, and lifted his spear. And that man with you," pointing to Umbopa, "does he also come from the Stars?" "Remember that the Stars are far off, and ye are here. Twala frowned majestically; the suggestion did not please him. I want to show this ruffian that I am not the only magician of the party." Then came a pause, until presently we caught sight of an ox running straight for the kraal gate. Up went the rifle. Listen, all things that live and must die! it runs red upon the ground, it rains down from the skies. footsteps!_ the tread of the white man coming from afar. I have seen the white man and know his desires. "What seek ye, white men of the Stars--ah, yes, of the Stars? Do ye seek a lost one? He is not here. Thou hast seen the fate of the ox; wouldst thou be as the ox is?" The king frowned. "It seems to us, Infadoos, that Twala the king is a cruel man." the land cries out because of his cruelties. The land groans at the cruelties of Twala the king; it is wearied of him and his red ways." "Then why is it, Infadoos, that the people do not cast him down?" If Imotu had never been slain, or if Ignosi his son had lived, it might have been otherwise; but they are both dead." "How knowest thou that Ignosi is dead?" "It was said that the woman and her son died upon the mountains. "Well, it came to pass that the mother and the boy Ignosi did not die. They travelled on and on, many months' journey, till they reached a land where a people called the Amazulu, who also are of the Kukuana stock, live by war, and with them they tarried many years, till at length the mother died. Then the son Ignosi became a wanderer again, and journeyed into a land of wonders, where white people live, and for many more years he learned the wisdom of the white people." "For years he lived there working as a servant and a soldier, but holding in his heart all that his mother had told him of his own place, and casting about in his mind to find how he might journey thither to see his people and his father's house before he died. The white men started and travelled on and on, seeking for one who is lost. "_I am Ignosi, rightful king of the Kukuanas!_"  Then with a single movement Umbopa slipped off his "moocha" or girdle, and stood naked before us. The white stones! "Tell him," answered Sir Henry, "that he mistakes an Englishman. My only stipulation is that he allows me to wear trousers." You must help us to find him." "Thou hearest, Incubu," said Ignosi to Sir Henry; "he has not been here." So it has all been for nothing. I shall speak to the chiefs softly at first, and bring them to see that thou art indeed the king, and I think that by to-morrow's light thou shalt have twenty thousand spears at thy command. At this moment our conference was interrupted by the cry that messengers had come from the king. Advancing to the door of the hut we ordered that they should be admitted, and presently three men entered, each bearing a shining shirt of chain armour, and a magnificent battle-axe. "The gifts of my lord the king to the white men from the Stars!" "Do you make these things in this country, Infadoos?" I asked; "they are very beautiful." At last the sun went down, the thousand watch fires glowed out, and through the darkness we heard the tramp of many feet and the clashing of hundreds of spears, as the regiments passed to their appointed places to be ready for the great dance. One third is present at this dance each year, another third is mustered outside in case there should be trouble when the killing begins, ten thousand more garrison the outposts round Loo, and the rest watch at the kraals in the country. "It is the king Twala, Scragga his son, and Gagool the old; and see, with them are those who slay," said Infadoos, pointing to a little group of about a dozen gigantic and savage-looking men, armed with spears in one hand and heavy kerries in the other. "Can the Stars show you such a sight as this? "I hear the thoughts of him who thought evil of the king!" With a shriek she sprang in and touched a tall warrior with her forked wand. The most confirmed sensation-monger would fight shy of sensation if he knew that it was well on the cards that he would, in his own proper person, be the subject of the next "event." "Let the law take its course, white men. To and fro she ran, chanting to herself, till suddenly she made a dash at a tall man standing in front of one of the regiments, and touched him. He was slain, and Twala counted one hundred and three. "Gagool, mother of the witch-finders, has smelt him out; he must die, white men," was the sullen answer. roared Twala to the executioners; who stood round red to the eyes with the blood of their victims.
Then Ignosi resumed his moocha, and addressing them, repeated the history he had detailed in the morning. The eldest of the six men, a short, thick-set warrior, with white hair, stepped forward a pace and answered--  "Thy words are true, Infadoos; the land cries out. These white men from the Stars, their magic is great, and Ignosi is under the cover of their wing. The others gave a decided assent, and I turned in perplexity to Sir Henry and Good, and explained the situation. Tell them we will darken the moon to-morrow night." "I hear, my lord, but it is a wonderful thing that ye promise, to put out the moon, the mother of the world, when she is at her full." To-day, two hours after sunset, Twala will send for my lords to witness the girls dance, and one hour after the dance begins the girl whom Twala thinks the fairest shall be killed by Scragga, the king's son, as a sacrifice to the Silent Ones, who sit and keep watch by the mountains yonder," and he pointed towards the three strange-looking peaks where Solomon's road was supposed to end. "This: that if ever you come to be king of this people you will do away with the smelling out of wizards such as we saw last night; and that the killing of men without trial shall no longer take place in the land." Returning to the hut we ate some dinner, and passed the rest of the day in receiving visits of ceremony and curiosity. In the centre of the open moonlit space sat Twala the king, with old Gagool at his feet, attended by Infadoos, the boy Scragga, and twelve guards. Kisses and the tender words of women are sweet, but the sound of the clashing of the spears of warriors, and the smell of men's blood, are sweeter far! So be it, white men; the girls will not go begging! Twala started. It is a message from 'the Stars,' O king." Twala scowled, and his one eye gleamed fiercely, but he said nothing more. he asked. She is the fairest! Thus runs the prophecy of my people: 'If the king offer not a sacrifice of a fair girl, on the day of the dance of maidens, to the Old Ones who sit and watch on the mountains, then shall he fall, and his house.' It is finished; she must die!" Two of the men stepped forward, and as they advanced, the girl, for the first time realising her impending fate, screamed aloud and turned to fly. Sir Henry, Good, and Umbopa ranged themselves alongside of me, and lifted their rifles. we, the white men from the Stars, say that it shall not be. piped Gagool; "hear the liar who says that he will put out the moon like a lamp. Then I lifted my hand solemnly towards the sky, an example which Sir Henry and Good followed, and quoted a line or two from the "Ingoldsby Legends" at it in the most impressive tones that I could command. Look, chiefs and people and women, and see if the white men from the Stars keep their word, or if they be but empty liars! "The moon is dying--the white wizards have killed the moon," yelled the prince Scragga at last. "We shall all perish in the dark," and animated by fear or fury, or by both, he lifted his spear and drove it with all his force at Sir Henry's breast. At the sight, and driven mad with fear of the gathering darkness, and of the unholy shadow which, as they believed, was swallowing the moon, the companies of girls broke up in wild confusion, and ran screeching for the gateways. It will work for an hour and the half of an hour. Still gazing with fond remembrance at Good's trousers, Infadoos next informed us that he had commanded the regiments to muster so soon as the day broke, in order to explain to them fully the origin and circumstances of the rebellion which was decided on by the chiefs, and to introduce to them the rightful heir to the throne, Ignosi. The men were drawn up in three sides of a dense square, and presented a magnificent spectacle. Next he went on to say that the white lords from the Stars, looking down upon their country, had perceived its trouble, and determined, at great personal inconvenience, to alleviate its lot: That they had accordingly taken the real king of the Kukuanas, Ignosi, who was languishing in exile, by the hand, and led him over the mountains: That they had seen the wickedness of Twala's doings, and for a sign to the wavering, and to save the life of the girl Foulata, actually, by the exercise of their high magic, had put out the moon and slain the young fiend Scragga; and that they were prepared to stand by them, and assist them to overthrow Twala, and set up the rightful king, Ignosi, in his place. To-morrow, or perchance the next day, he will come against us with all who are faithful to him. Now go to your huts and make you ready for war." Twala, so Infadoos and the chiefs calculated, had at least thirty to thirty-five thousand on whom he could rely at present assembled in Loo, and they thought that by midday on the morrow he would be able to gather another five thousand or more to his aid. "[1]  "What are Twala's terms?" "His terms are merciful, worthy of a great king. After consulting with the others a little, I answered him in a loud voice, so that the soldiers might hear, thus--  "Go back, thou dog, to Twala, who sent thee, and say that we, Ignosi, veritable king of the Kukuanas, Incubu, Bougwan, and Macumazahn, the wise ones from the Stars, who make dark the moon, Infadoos, of the royal house, and the chiefs, captains, and people here gathered, make answer and say, 'That we will not surrender; that before the sun has gone down twice, Twala's corpse shall stiffen at Twala's gate, and Ignosi, whose father Twala slew, shall reign in his stead.' With this shaft of sarcasm he retired, and almost immediately the sun sank. asked Sir Henry. Anyway, the battle will be awful, and having a reputation to keep up, we shall need to be in the thick of the thing." As for Good and myself, the armour did not suit us nearly so well. I discarded my trousers, however, retaining only my veldtschoons, having determined to go into battle with bare legs, in order to be the lighter for running, in case it became necessary to retire quickly. "Ah," said Infadoos, "they are going to attack us on three sides at once."
"Oh, for a gatling!" When a man is master of only one art he likes to keep up his reputation in that art. Rapidly covering the general as he ran, I let drive with the second barrel. Sir Henry and Good now took up their rifles and began to fire, the latter industriously "browning" the dense mass before him with another Winchester repeater, and I also had another shot or two, with the result, so far as we could judge, that we put some six or eight men _hors de combat_ before they were out of range. On they came, with a shout and the clashing of spears; now they were driving in the pickets we had placed among the rocks at the foot of the hill. Ignosi! Sir Henry watched the desperate struggle with a kindling eye, and then without a word he rushed off, followed by Good, and flung himself into the hottest of the fray. Chiele!_"  From that moment the end was no longer in doubt. "Not this time, my boy. and he pointed to long lines of men advancing by fours. Hurrying from this dreadful scene to the further side of the koppie, we found Sir Henry, who still held a battle-axe in his hand, Ignosi, Infadoos, and one or two of the chiefs in deep consultation. Twala has brought up many fresh men to take the place of those who have fallen. Yet Twala has learnt his lesson; the hawk did not think to find the heron ready; but our beak has pierced his breast; he fears to strike at us again. The last word is in Ignosi the king, for it is a king's right to speak of war; but let us hear thy voice, O Macumazahn, who watchest by night, and the voice too of him of the transparent eye." This expression of opinion seemed, on the whole, to be favourably received; indeed, among the Kukuanas my utterances met with a respect which has never been accorded to them before or since. "And whilst the eyes of the multitude of Twala's soldiers are thus fixed upon the fight," went on Ignosi, "behold, one-third of the men who are left alive to us (i.e. about 6,000) shall creep along the right horn of the hill and fall upon the left flank of Twala's force, and one-third shall creep along the left horn and fall upon Twala's right flank. Well, so be it; at any rate, it will be a man's death. In another second Good had wrung us both by the hand and gone; and then Infadoos came up and led off Sir Henry to his place in the forefront of the Greys, whilst, with many misgivings, I departed with Ignosi to my station in the second attacking regiment. Half an hour or more was allowed to elapse between the setting out of the horns or wings of the army before any stir was made by the Greys and their supporting regiment, known as the Buffaloes, which formed its chest, and were destined to bear the brunt of the battle. ended old Infadoos, pointing to Ignosi; "go fight and fall for him, as is the duty of brave men, and cursed and shameful for ever be the name of him who shrinks from death for his king, or who turns his back to the foe. By the time that we reached the edge of the plateau the Greys were already half-way down the slope ending in the tongue of grass land that ran up into the bend of the mountain, something as the frog of a horse's foot runs up into the shoe. The Greys, who, in passing down the side of the hill and on to the tip of the tongue, had formed into a column, on reaching the spot where it broadened out again, reassumed their triple-line formation, and halted dead. But as they drew near the root of the tongue they hesitated, having discovered that only one regiment could advance into the gorge at a time, and that there, some seventy yards from the mouth of it, unassailable except in front, on account of the high walls of boulder-strewn ground on each side, stood the famous regiment of Greys, the pride and glory of the Kukuana army, ready to hold the way against their power as the three Romans once held the bridge against thousands. It was done; that regiment was completely destroyed, but the Greys had but two lines left now; a third of their number were dead. So he was yet alive! Ignosi issued an order, which was rapidly passed down the ranks, to the effect that none of the enemy's wounded were to be killed, and so far as we could see this command was scrupulously carried out. How I got there I had at the moment no idea, but Sir Henry afterwards told me that I was borne up by the first furious charge of the Buffaloes almost to his feet, and then left, as they in turn were pressed back. As for the fight that followed, who can describe it? There he stood, the great Dane, for he was nothing else, his hands, his axe, and his armour all red with blood, and none could live before his stroke. Then, with a cry, Twala sprang forward straight at him, and with his battle-axe struck him such a blow upon the shield that the mere force and shock of it brought Sir Henry, strong man as he is, down upon his knees. The time could not have been better chosen. In five minutes the fate of the battle was decided. At this moment the Buffaloes began to march past our position on the road to Loo, and as they went a message was brought to us from Ignosi requesting Infadoos, Sir Henry, and myself to join them. Close beside him was the body of a Kukuana. As nothing could be done for him at the moment, he was placed on one of the wicker shields used for the wounded, and carried along with us. "It is granted. and he stepped forward and lifted his axe. Suddenly Sir Henry sprang forward and struck a fearful blow at Twala, who stepped to one side. he hallooed. When I opened them again it was to see Sir Henry's shield lying on the ground, and Sir Henry himself with his great arms twined round Twala's middle. With a supreme effort Twala swung the Englishman clean off his feet, and down they came together, rolling over and over on the lime paving, Twala striking out at Curtis' head with the battle-axe, and Sir Henry trying to drive the _tolla_ he had drawn from his belt through Twala's armour. Suddenly the hide string burst, and then, with a great effort, Sir Henry freed himself, the weapon remaining in his hand. Then I, just as the sun sank, stepping to where Twala's head lay in the dust, unloosed the diamond from the dead brows, and handed it to Ignosi. "They are food for the kites and the foxes, and the place of battle is fat with their blood. [1] It is a law amongst the Kukuanas that no man of the direct royal blood can be put to death, unless by his own consent, which is, however, never refused.
After the fight was ended, Sir Henry and Good were carried into Twala's hut, where I joined them. Luckily Good is a very decent surgeon, and so soon as his small box of medicines was forthcoming, having thoroughly cleansed the wounds, he managed to stitch up first Sir Henry's and then his own pretty satisfactorily, considering the imperfect light given by the primitive Kukuana lamp in the hut. By a very strange instance of the irony of fate, it was on Twala's own couch, and wrapped in Twala's own particular karross, that Sir Henry, the man who had slain him, slept that night. From every direction came the sound of the wailing of women whose husbands, sons, and brothers had perished in the battle. I asked him what he had settled to do with Gagool. "She is the evil genius of the land," he answered, "and I shall kill her, and all the witch doctors with her! "She, and she only, knows the secret of the 'Three Witches,' yonder, whither the great road runs, where the kings are buried, and the Silent Ones sit." "Yes, and the diamonds are. After Ignosi's visit I went to see Good, and found him quite delirious. The fever set up by his wound seemed to have taken a firm hold of his system, and to be complicated with an internal injury. It was not till he was nearly well that Sir Henry told him of all he owed to Foulata; and when he came to the story of how she sat by his side for eighteen hours, fearing lest by moving she should wake him, the honest sailor's eyes filled with tears. On this day the remaining fragments of the Greys were formally paraded, and in the face of the army thanked for their splendid conduct in the battle. An order was also promulgated throughout the length and breadth of Kukuanaland that, whilst we honoured the country by our presence, we three were to be greeted with the royal salute, and to be treated with the same ceremony and respect that was by custom accorded to the king. Ignosi, too, in the presence of his people, reaffirmed the promises which he had made, to the effect that no man's blood should be shed without trial, and that witch-hunting should cease in the land. It is there that the three great figures sit, who here are called the 'Silent Ones,' and to whom Twala would have offered the girl Foulata as a sacrifice. But before he could take it she betrayed him, and he was driven by the king of that day back to the mountains, and since then no man has entered the place." It will be a merry journey--we can see the bodies of those who died in the battle as we go. ha!_"   It was already dark on the third day after the scene described in the previous chapter when we camped in some huts at the foot of the "Three Witches," as the triangle of mountains is called to which Solomon's Great Road runs. Straight before us the white ribbon of Solomon's Great Road stretched away uphill to the foot of the centre peak, about five miles from us, and there stopped. For an hour and a half or more we tramped on up the heather-fringed way, going so fast in our excitement that the bearers of Gagool's hammock could scarcely keep pace with us, and its occupant piped out to us to stop. However, on we went, till we saw before us, and between ourselves and the peak, a vast circular hole with sloping sides, three hundred feet or more in depth, and quite half a mile round. Along this path we pressed, driven by curiosity to see what were the three towering objects which we could discern from the hither side of the great gulf. As we drew near we perceived that they were Colossi of some sort or another, and rightly conjectured that before us sat the three "Silent Ones" that are held in such awe by the Kukuana people. Rising from either side of her head were the points of a crescent. It was the calm of that inhuman cruelty, Sir Henry remarked, which the ancients attributed to beings potent for good, who could yet watch the sufferings of humanity, if not without rejoicing, at least without sorrow. These three statues form a most awe-inspiring trinity, as they sit there in their solitude, and gaze out across the plain for ever. Let the reader picture to himself the hall of the vastest cathedral he ever stood in, windowless indeed, but dimly lighted from above, presumably by shafts connected with the outer air and driven in the roof, which arched away a hundred feet above our heads, and he will get some idea of the size of the enormous cave in which we found ourselves, with the difference that this cathedral designed by nature was loftier and wider than any built by man. Cut on one of these pillars we discovered the crude likeness of a mummy, by the head of which sat what appeared to be the figure of an Egyptian god, doubtless the handiwork of some old-world labourer in the mine. Others resembled strange beasts, and on the sides of the cave were fanlike ivory tracings, such as the frost leaves upon a pane. "Are ye prepared to enter the Place of Death, white men?" As for Good, he swore feebly, while Foulata threw her arms round his neck and shrieked. asked Good, pointing to the white company round the table. said Sir Henry, pointing to the brown creature seated on the table. This was the way in which the Kukuana people had from time immemorial preserved their royal dead. But the colossal Death, who sits at the head of the board, is far older than that, and, unless I am much mistaken, owes his origin to the same artist who designed the three Colossi. He is hewn out of a single stalactite, and, looked at as a work of art, is most admirably conceived and executed.
The old witch promptly scrambled down from the table. "My lords are not afraid?" "Good, my lords;" and she hobbled round to the back of the great Death. "Here is the chamber; let my lords light the lamp, and enter," and she placed the gourd full of oil upon the floor, and leaned herself against the side of the cave. "Enter, white men from the Stars," said Gagool, advancing into the doorway; "but first hear your servant, Gagool the old. Then the white man entered with the woman, and found the stones, and filled with stones the skin of a small goat, which the woman had with her to hold food. And as he was going from the chamber he took up one more stone, a large one, and held it in his hand." The old hag started at the mention of the name. Look within also and ye will find a water-gourd amongst the stones." "By Jove! We pressed in after him, forgetful for the moment of the bag of diamonds, and found ourselves in King Solomon's treasure chamber. On the opposite side of the chamber were about a score of wooden boxes, something like Martini-Henry ammunition boxes, only rather larger, and painted red. "There are the diamonds," cried I; "bring the light." Pushing my hand through the hole in the lid I drew it out full, not of diamonds, but of gold pieces, of a shape that none of us had seen before, and with what looked like Hebrew characters stamped upon them. "There my lords will find a nook, and three stone chests in the nook, two sealed and one open." When our eyes grew used to it we saw that the chest was three-parts full of uncut diamonds, most of them of considerable size. "There are the bright stones ye love, white men, as many as ye will; take them, run them through your fingers, _eat_ of them, _hee! Thus adjured, we set to work to pull up the stone lids on the other two, first--not without a feeling of sacrilege--breaking the seals that fastened them. they were full too, full to the brim; at least, the second one was; no wretched burglarious Da Silvestra had been filling goat-skins out of that. help! help! the stone falls!_"  "Leave go, girl! Near it struggle Foulata and Gagool. she is free! Foulata falls, and Gagool throws herself on the ground, to twist like a snake through the crack of the closing stone. too late! The stone nips her, and she yells in agony. The poor girl was stabbed in the body, and I saw that she could not live long. oh!_"  "She is dead--she is dead!" "I mean that you will soon be in a position to join her. It was the knowledge of this that made her try to escape at all hazards, curse her." It was not probable that there would be any to a treasure chamber. "If we do not return to-night he will search for us in the morning, Curtis." He does not know the secret of the door, nor even where it is. We were separated by a long tunnel and five feet of rock even from the awful chamber of the Dead; and the dead make no noise. He did so, and in contrast to the dense darkness the flame nearly blinded us. "While there is life there is hope," said Sir Henry. Forgetting his own share of miseries, he did all he could to soothe our broken nerves, telling stories of men who had been in somewhat similar circumstances, and miraculously escaped; and when these failed to cheer us, pointing out how, after all, it was only anticipating an end which must come to us all, that it would soon be over, and that death from exhaustion was a merciful one (which is not true). "How is it," said I, "that the air in this place keeps fresh? there, let in level with the rock, was a stone ring. Then Sir Henry tried and failed. Taking the hook again, Good scratched all round the crack where we felt the air coming up. it's giving," gasped Sir Henry; and I heard the muscles of his great back cracking. said Sir Henry; "Quatermain, get the bit of biltong and the water that are left; we may want them." and hang the diamonds!" said Sir Henry. Good went next, and I came last, carrying the basket, and on reaching the bottom lit one of the two remaining matches. By its light we could just see that we were standing in a narrow tunnel, which ran right and left at right angles to the staircase we had descended. Of course, it was impossible to know what the tunnel was, or where it led to, and yet to turn one way might lead us to safety, and the other to destruction. This is the only way in which we could account for such a multitude of galleries. It seemed to us that we had escaped Death in the darkness of the treasure chamber only to meet him in the darkness of the tunnels. And yet how could there be running water in the bowels of the earth? _Splash!_ and a cry from Good. Good! Then we heard a splash, and a great struggle. Slowly, for a long, long while, we stumbled, utterly exhausted, along this new tunnel, Sir Henry now leading the way. With a gasp of hope we pushed on. Surely some merciful Power guided our footsteps to the jackal hole, for that is what it must have been, at the termination of the tunnel. At last it was done, and we stood by the great road, on that side of the pit which is opposite to the Colossi. "Infadoos, Infadoos!
Also, on the day before we started back to Loo, we made a further examination of the wonders of the stalactite cave, and, drawn by a kind of restless feeling, even penetrated once more into the Chamber of the Dead. Choose from among the maidens! The white man's houses? Wild game to hunt? No other white man shall cross the mountains, even if any man live to come so far. I will have no praying-men to put a fear of death into men's hearts, to stir them up against the law of the king, and make a path for the white folk who follow to run on. Farewell, my brothers, brave white men. I make a decree, and it shall be published from the mountains to the mountains; your names, Incubu, Macumazahn, and Bougwan, shall be "_hlonipa_" even as the names of dead kings, and he who speaks them shall die. Then he threw the corner of his karross over his head, so as to cover his face from us. "Let my lord show his servant his beautiful white legs, that his servant may look upon them, and remember them all her days, and tell of them to her children; his servant has travelled four days' journey to see them, for the fame of them has gone throughout the land." Of his melting teeth, and even of his "transparent eye," the Kukuanas wearied more or less, but of his legs never. Also some of the hunters were in attendance to guide us to the oasis, from which, they stated, they could perceive other fertile spots far away in the desert. the way that Incubu cut his men down in the battle! The thought of that battle makes me feel cold all over, and as for our experience in the treasure chamber--! In this way a memory is preserved for generations, or until the new word utterly supplants the old. Even as I said it the door of the hut opened, and there limped out of it a _white man_ clothed in skins, and with an enormous black beard. I stared and stared, and so did the other man, and just at that juncture Sir Henry and Good walked up. With a spring Sir Henry was by his side. he cried, "_it is my brother George!_"  At the sound of this disturbance, another figure, also clad in skins, emerged from the hut, a gun in his hand, and ran towards us. I lost the note you gave me to give to the Baas, and we have been here nearly two years." "[1]  "I tried to cross Solomon's Mountains nearly two years ago," was the answer, spoken in the hesitating voice of a man who has had little recent opportunity of using his tongue, "but when I reached here a boulder fell on my leg and crushed it, and I have been able to go neither forward nor back." A little less than two years before, he had started from Sitanda's Kraal, to try to reach Suliman's Berg. These they shot, or trapped in pitfalls, using the flesh for food, and, after their clothes wore out, the hides for clothing. Then Sir Henry set to work, and told him the main facts of our adventures, sitting till late into the night to do it. said George Curtis, when I showed him some of the diamonds: "well, at least you have got something for your pains, besides my worthless self." Sir Henry laughed. "They belong to Quatermain and Good. This remark set me thinking, and having spoken to Good, I told Sir Henry that it was our joint wish that he should take a third portion of the diamonds, or, if he would not, that his share should be handed to his brother, who had suffered even more than ourselves on the chance of getting them. It turned out to be from Sir Henry, and as it speaks for itself I give it in full. As for Good, he is _no good_. There is a steamer going on Friday, and I really think that I must take Curtis at his word, and sail by her for England, if it is only to see you, Harry, my boy, and to look after the printing of this history, which is a task that I do not like to trust to anybody else.
Of the Genealogy and Antiquity of Gargantua. This genealogy was found by John Andrew in a meadow, which he had near the pole-arch, under the olive-tree, as you go to Narsay:  where, as he was making cast up some ditches, the diggers with their mattocks struck against a great brazen tomb, and unmeasurably long, for they could never find the end thereof, by reason that it entered too far within the sluices of Vienne. In the vigour of his age he married Gargamelle, daughter to the King of the Parpaillons, a jolly pug, and well-mouthed wench. Plautus, in his Cistelleria. When she is known to have conceived, thrust forward boldly, spare her not, whatever betide you, seeing the paunch is full. If the devil will not have them to bag, he must wring hard the spigot, and stop the bung-hole. How Gargamelle, being great with Gargantua, did eat a huge deal of tripes. Nevertheless he bade his wife eat sparingly, because she was near her time, and that these tripes were no very commendable meat. To prevent it, as you know, I drink for the thirst to come. What difference is there between a bottle and a flagon. Bravely and well played upon the words! It is the compulsory of drinkers:  it is a pulley. Ha, la, la, that was drunk to some purpose, and bravely gulped over. Clear off, neat, supernaculum! How Gargantua was born in a strange manner. Despatch this boy, and we will speedily fall to work for the making of another. said Grangousier. A little while after she began to groan, lament and cry. Was not Minerva born of the brain, even through the ear of Jove? The good man Grangousier, drinking and making merry with the rest, heard the horrible noise which his son had made as he entered into the light of this world, when he cried out, Some drink, some drink, some drink; whereupon he said in French, Que grand tu as et souple le gousier! In the meanwhile, to quiet the child, they gave him to drink a tirelaregot, that is, till his throat was like to crack with it; then was he carried to the font, and there baptized, according to the manner of good Christians. For his codpiece were used sixteen ells and a quarter of the same cloth, and it was fashioned on the top like unto a triumphant arch, most gallantly fastened with two enamelled clasps, in each of which was set a great emerald, as big as an orange; for, as says Orpheus, lib. The colours and liveries of Gargantua. Of that which is signified by the colours white and blue. And it is more white than anything else. 19, and that for a cause. But what? He would sit down betwixt two stools, and his arse to the ground --would cover himself with a wet sack, and drink in eating of his soup. It belongs to me, said one. Of Gargantua's wooden horses. It is, said he, five turds to make you a muzzle. How Gargantua's wonderful understanding became known to his father Grangousier, by the invention of a torchecul or wipebreech. About the end of the fifth year, Grangousier returning from the conquest of the Canarians, went by the way to see his son Gargantua. said Grangousier. Another time with one of their hoods, and in like manner that was comfortable. This hurt I cured by wiping myself with a page's cap, garnished with a feather after the Switzers' fashion. Then, said Gargantua,  A Roundelay. What, said Gargantua, to skite? How Gargantua was taught Latin by a Sophister. At the last his father perceived that indeed he studied hard, and that, although he spent all his time in it, he did nevertheless profit nothing, but which is worse, grew thereby foolish, simple, doted, and blockish, whereof making a heavy regret to Don Philip of Marays, Viceroy or Depute King of Papeligosse, he found that it were better for him to learn nothing at all, than to be taught such-like books, under such schoolmasters; because their knowledge was nothing but brutishness, and their wisdom but blunt foppish toys, serving only to bastardize good and noble spirits, and to corrupt all the flower of youth. Then he said to Grangousier, Do you see this young boy? He is not as yet full twelve years old. The trial pleased Grangousier, and he commanded the page to begin. Then Eudemon, asking leave of the vice-king his master so to do, with his cap in his hand, a clear and open countenance, beautiful and ruddy lips, his eyes steady, and his looks fixed upon Gargantua with a youthful modesty, standing up straight on his feet, began very gracefully to commend him; first, for his virtue and good manners; secondly, for his knowledge, thirdly, for his nobility; fourthly, for his bodily accomplishments; and, in the fifth place, most sweetly exhorted him to reverence his father with all due observancy, who was so careful to have him well brought up. Then Grangousier commanded he should be paid his wages, that they should whittle him up soundly, like a sophister, with good drink, and then give him leave to go to all the devils in hell. Master Jobelin being gone out of the house, Grangousier consulted with the Viceroy what schoolmaster they should choose for him, and it was betwixt them resolved that Ponocrates, the tutor of Eudemon, should have the charge, and that they should go altogether to Paris, to know what was the study of the young men of France at that time. She was as big as six elephants, and had her feet cloven into fingers, like Julius Caesar's horse, with slouch-hanging ears, like the goats in Languedoc, and a little horn on her buttock. When Grangousier saw her, Here is, said he, what is fit to carry my son to Paris. So now, in the name of God, all will be well. How Gargantua paid his welcome to the Parisians, and how he took away the great bells of Our Lady's Church. How Janotus de Bragmardo was sent to Gargantua to recover the great bells. The oration of Master Janotus de Bragmardo for recovery of the bells. They are useful to everybody. We use none of it here. Upon these words they framed articles against him:  he on the other side warned them to appear. The study of Gargantua, according to the discipline of his schoolmasters the Sophisters. The first day being thus spent, and the bells put up again in their own place, the citizens of Paris, in acknowledgment of this courtesy, offered to maintain and feed his mare as long as he pleased, which Gargantua took in good part, and they sent her to graze in the forest of Biere. I think she is not there now. Gargantua answered, What! Is not that enough? The games of Gargantua. At the beast. At the tables. At cross or pile. other. At the Sanct is found. Ponocrates showed him that it was an ill diet to drink so after sleeping. Therefore, to begin his work the better, he requested a learned physician of that time, called Master Theodorus, seriously to perpend, if it were possible, how to bring Gargantua into a better course. But it is a glorious and praise-worthy action with one lance to break and overthrow ten enemies. Then did the cake-bakers help to get up to his mare Marquet, who was most shrewdly wounded, and forthwith returned to Lerne, changing the resolution they had to go to Pareille, threatening very sharp and boisterously the cowherds, shepherds, and farmers of Seville and Sinays. How the inhabitants of Lerne, by the commandment of Picrochole their king, assaulted the shepherds of Gargantua unexpectedly and on a sudden. The rearguard was committed to the Duke of Scrapegood. In the main battle was the king and the princes of his kingdom. To which expostulations and remonstrances no other answer was made, but that they would teach them to eat cakes. How a monk of Seville saved the close of the abbey from being ransacked by the enemy. The town being thus pillaged, they went unto the abbey with a horrible noise and tumult, but they found it shut and made fast against them. There was then in the abbey a claustral monk, called Friar John of the funnels and gobbets, in French des entoumeures, young, gallant, frisk, lusty, nimble, quick, active, bold, adventurous, resolute, tall, lean, wide-mouthed, long-nosed, a fair despatcher of morning prayers, unbridler of masses, and runner over of vigils; and, to conclude summarily in a word, a right monk, if ever there was any, since the monking world monked a monkery:  for the rest, a clerk even to the teeth in matter of breviary. Never yet did a man of worth dislike good wine, it is a monastical apophthegm. Hog's belly, the goods of the church! If any offered to hide himself amongst the thickest of the vines, he laid him squat as a flounder, bruised the ridge of his back, and dashed his reins like a dog. In the meantime Friar John, with his formidable baton of the cross, got to the breach which the enemies had made, and there stood to snatch up those that endeavoured to escape. How Picrochole stormed and took by assault the rock Clermond, and of Grangousier's unwillingness and aversion from the undertaking of war. said Grangousier, what is this, good people? Furthermore, that they should send for Gargantua, and those under his command, for the preservation of the country, and defence thereof now at need. The tenour of the letter which Grangousier wrote to his son Gargantua. Then the ambassador began to speak as followeth. How Grangousier, to buy peace, caused the cakes to be restored. I cannot tell if they have done any wrong to his cake-bakers. Being come to the gate, they required to speak with Picrochole from Grangousier. Do they think to have to do with a ninnywhoop, to feed you thus with cakes? The manner is thus. One part thereof shall fall upon Grangousier and his forces. I will, said Picrochole, give him fair quarter and spare his life. Yea, said they, so that he be content to be christened. What's the matter? And you shall give their goods and lands to such as shall have served you honestly. Reason, said he, will have it so, that is but just.
How Gargantua left the city of Paris to succour his country, and how Gymnast encountered with the enemy. Which they did incontinently, and found him very willing and fully resolved to assist them, and therefore was of opinion that they should send some one of his company to scout along and discover the country, to learn in what condition and posture the enemy was, that they might take counsel, and proceed according to the present occasion. Gymnast and his comrade rode so long, that at last they met with the enemy's forces, all scattered and out of order, plundering, stealing, robbing, and pillaging all they could lay their hands on. How Gymnast very souply and cunningly killed Captain Tripet and others of Picrochole's men. How Gargantua demolished the castle at the ford of Vede, and how they passed the ford. With that he pulled it up easily, plucked off the boughs, and trimmed it at his pleasure. Gargantua, being come to the place of the wood of Vede, was informed by Eudemon that there was some remainder of the enemy within the castle, which to know, Gargantua cried out as loud as he was able, Are you there, or are you not there? How Gargantua, in combing his head, made the great cannon-balls fall out of his hair. Truly, said Grangousier, it shall not be at this time; for I will make you a feast this night, and bid you welcome. How Gargantua did eat up six pilgrims in a salad. But if we speak, he will kill us for spies. And, as they were thus deliberating what to do, Gargantua put them with the lettuce into a platter of the house, as large as the huge tun of the White Friars of the Cistercian order; which done, with oil, vinegar, and salt, he ate them up, to refresh himself a little before supper, and had already swallowed up five of the pilgrims, the sixth being in the platter, totally hid under a lettuce, except his bourdon or staff that appeared, and nothing else. Why not? Ha, Friar John, my friend Friar John, my brave cousin Friar John from the devil! And Friar John, the gladdest man in the world, never was man made welcomer, never was any more courteously and graciously received than Friar John. And lusty, my lads. So! Is it not better and more honourable to perish in fighting valiantly than to live in disgrace by a cowardly running away? No, Friar John, said Gymnast, no, by all the devils that are, no! How now, said Ponocrates, you swear, Friar John. They are colours of a Ciceronian rhetoric. Now such a one is our good Friar John; therefore every man desireth to have him in his company. Friar John, said Gymnast, take away the snot that hangs at your nose. What is the cause, said Gargantua, that Friar John hath such a fair nose? Because, said Grangousier, that God would have it so, who frameth us in such form and for such end as is most agreeable with his divine will, even as a potter fashioneth his vessels. said Gargantua. How the Monk encouraged his fellow-champions, and how he hanged upon a tree. God and Sanct Benedict be with us! You seem to me to be like the decretalist preachers, who say that whosoever shall see his neighbour in the danger of death, ought, upon pain of trisulk excommunication, rather choose to admonish him to make his confession to a priest, and put his conscience in the state of peace, than otherwise to help and relieve him. As soon as the monk was down, he put off all his armour, and threw away one piece after another about the field, and, taking to him again his staff of the cross, remounted up to his horse, which Eudemon had caught in his running away. ), and then was taken prisoner by his enemies. Picrochole, at the relation of those who had escaped out of the broil and defeat wherein Tripet was untriped, grew very angry that the devils should have so run upon his men, and held all that night a counsel of war, at which Rashcalf and Touchfaucet (Hastiveau, Touquedillon. How many victories have been taken out of the hands of the victors by the vanquished, when they would not rest satisfied with reason, but attempt to put all to the sword, and totally to destroy their enemies, without leaving so much as one to carry home news of the defeat of his fellows. said Gargantua. Then they committed him to two of the marshal's men to keep, and, looking about, saw nobody coming against them, whereupon they thought that Gargantua and his party were fled. Then was it that they rode as hard as they could towards the walnut-trees to meet with them, and left the monk there all alone, with his two foresaid men to guard him. do you use to pay ransoms to religious men? Then thought he within himself that he had slain and killed sufficiently, and that the rest should escape to carry news. When all was ready, they called Gargantua, but he was so aggrieved that the monk was not to be heard of that he would neither eat nor drink. What virtue will there be then, said the monk, in their bullets of concupiscence, their habits and their bodies? How Grangousier did very kindly entertain Touchfaucet his prisoner. Then, said Grangousier, return unto your king, and God be with you. And in regard of the main point, that they should never be able to go through stitch with that war, but to their great damage and mischief; for the forces of Picrochole were not so considerable but that Grangousier could easily overthrow them. Afterwards he appointed the corpse of Rashcalf to be honourably buried, and that of Touchfaucet to be cast over the walls into the ditch. But Picrochole, thinking it had been some relief coming to him from the town, adventured more forwardly than before, and was upon the giving of a most desperate home-charge, when Gargantua cried out, Ha, Friar John, my friend Friar John, you are come in a good hour. How Picrochole in his flight fell into great misfortunes, and what Gargantua did after the battle. But what? But so much the more did Alpharbal augment the repute thereof. But seeing he is lost, and that no man can tell where nor how he went away, it is my will that his kingdom remain entire to his son; who, because he is too young, he not being yet full five years old, shall be brought up and instructed by the ancient princes and learned men of the kingdom. Gargantua did them no other hurt but that he appointed them to pull at the presses of his printing-house which he had newly set up. And, further, he gave to each of them for ever and in perpetuity, unless he should happen to decease without heirs, such castles and neighbouring lands of his as were most commodious for them. How Gargantua caused to be built for the Monk the Abbey of Theleme. First, then, said Gargantua, you must not build a wall about your convent, for all other abbeys are strongly walled and mured about. To make a nun of, said Gargantua. In regard of the legitimate time of the persons to be initiated, and years under and above which they were not capable of reception, the women were to be admitted from ten till fifteen, and the men from twelve till eighteen. How the abbey of the Thelemites was built and endowed. The men were apparelled after their fashion. Their breeches were of velvet, of the same colour with their stockings, or very near, embroidered and cut according to their fancy. By this liberty they entered into a very laudable emulation to do all of them what they saw did please one. Here must not I forget to set down unto you a riddle which was found under the ground as they were laying the foundation of the abbey, engraven in a copper plate, and it was thus as followeth. A prophetical Riddle. The suborners of men are the makers of matches, which are commonly friends. And so, farewell! Again.
Of the original and antiquity of the great Pantagruel. The philosopher reports, in moving the question, Wherefore it is that the sea-water is salt, that at the time when Phoebus gave the government of his resplendent chariot to his son Phaeton, the said Phaeton, unskilful in the art, and not knowing how to keep the ecliptic line betwixt the two tropics of the latitude of the sun's course, strayed out of his way, and came so near the earth that he dried up all the countries that were under it, burning a great part of the heavens which the philosophers call Via lactea, and the huffsnuffs St. James's way; although the most coped, lofty, and high-crested poets affirm that to be the place where Juno's milk fell when she gave suck to Hercules. out comes Pantagruel all hairy like a bear, whereupon one of them, inspired with a prophetical spirit, said, This will be a terrible fellow; he is born with all his hair; he is undoubtedly to do wonderful things, and if he live he shall have age. When Pantagruel was born, there was none more astonished and perplexed than was his father Gargantua; for of the one side seeing his wife Badebec dead, and on the other side his son Pantagruel born, so fair and so great, he knew not what to say nor what to do. And the doubt that troubled his brain was to know whether he should cry for the death of his wife or laugh for the joy of his son. said he. With these words he did cry like a cow, but on a sudden fell a-laughing like a calf, when Pantagruel came into his mind. Yet have you never heard of any so wonderful as that of Pantagruel; for it is a very difficult matter to believe, how in the little time he was in his mother's belly he grew both in body and strength. Thus continued Pantagruel for a while very calm and quiet, for he was not able so easily to break those chains, especially having no room in the cradle to give a swing with his arms. But see what happened once upon a great holiday that his father Gargantua made a sumptuous banquet to all the princes of his court. What did he? He strove and essayed to break the chains of the cradle with his arms, but could not, for they were too strong for him. Which when his father saw, he knew well enough that they had left him without giving him anything to eat, and therefore commanded that he should be loosed from the said chains, by the counsel of the princes and lords there present. Besides that also the physicians of Gargantua said that, if they did thus keep him in the cradle, he would be all his lifetime subject to the stone. Of the acts of the noble Pantagruel in his youthful age. Thus grew Pantagruel from day to day, and to everyone's eye waxed more and more in all his dimensions, which made his father to rejoice by a natural affection. Then he sent him to the school to learn, and to spend his youth in virtue. He went then to Montpellier, where he met with the good wives of Mirevaux, and good jovial company withal, and thought to have set himself to the study of physic; but he considered that that calling was too troublesome and melancholic, and that physicians did smell of glisters like old devils. Therefore he resolved he would study the laws; but seeing that there were but three scald- and one bald-pated legist in that place, he departed from thence, and in his way made the bridge of Guard and the amphitheatre of Nimes in less than three hours, which, nevertheless, seems to be a more divine than human work. How Pantagruel met with a Limousin, who too affectedly did counterfeit the French language. Upon a certain day, I know not when, Pantagruel walking after supper with some of his fellow-students without that gate of the city through which we enter on the road to Paris, encountered with a young spruce-like scholar that was coming upon the same very way, and, after they had saluted one another, asked him thus, My friend, from whence comest thou now? What is the meaning of this? said Pantagruel to one of his men. It is, answered he, from Paris. By G--, said Pantagruel, I will teach you to speak. to the devil with this turnip-eater, as he stinks! How Pantagruel came to Paris, and of the choice books of the Library of St. Victor. Wherefore, condescending heartily to the humble request of the citizens and inhabitants of the said town, he determined to remove it to the tower that was erected for it. And at his entry everyone came out to see him--as you know well enough that the people of Paris is sottish by nature, by B flat and B sharp--and beheld him with great astonishment, mixed with no less fear that he would carry away the palace into some other country, a remotis, and far from them, as his father formerly had done the great peal of bells at Our Lady's Church to tie about his mare's neck. The Flimflams of the Law. The Furred Cat of the Solicitors and Attorneys. The Entrance of Anthony de Leve into the Territories of Brazil. How Pantagruel, being at Paris, received letters from his father Gargantua, and the copy of them. And, as he was there abiding one day, he received a letter from his father in manner as followeth. Now it is that the learned languages are to their pristine purity restored, viz., Greek, without which a man may be ashamed to account himself a scholar, Hebrew, Arabic, Chaldaean, and Latin. The very women and children have aspired to this praise and celestial manner of good learning. I intend, and will have it so, that thou learn the languages perfectly; first of all the Greek, as Quintilian will have it; secondly, the Latin; and then the Hebrew, for the Holy Scripture sake; and then the Chaldee and Arabic likewise, and that thou frame thy style in Greek in imitation of Plato, and for the Latin after Cicero. As for the civil law, of that I would have thee to know the texts by heart, and then to confer them with philosophy. Let nothing of all these be hidden from thee. How Pantagruel found Panurge, whom he loved all his lifetime. said Pantagruel to the company. To which Epistemon answered, As much of the one as of the other, and nothing of either. To which answered Pantagruel, As much of that. And how? Well, my friend, said Pantagruel, but cannot you speak French? Sir, said the companion, my true and proper Christian name is Panurge, and now I come out of Turkey, to which country I was carried away prisoner at that time when they went to Metelin with a mischief. How Pantagruel judged so equitably of a controversy, which was wonderfully obscure and difficult, that, by reason of his just decree therein, he was reputed to have a most admirable judgment. Pantagruel, very well remembering his father's letter and admonitions, would one day make trial of his knowledge. To what a devil, then, said he, serve so many paltry heaps and bundles of papers and copies which you give me? And yet of all this the laws are so full that without it they cannot be understood, as I intend more fully to show unto you in a peculiar treatise which on that purpose I am about to publish. Which of you, said Pantagruel, is the plaintiff? Be covered, Kissbreech, said Pantagruel. Then said Pantagruel, Hold there! I understand the case,--go on. This counsel she laid hold on, because he desired her to take nothing and throw out, for Non de ponte vadit, qui cum sapientia cadit. Then said Pantagruel, My friend, is this all you have to say? How the Lord of Suckfist pleaded before Pantagruel. And so be it. How Panurge related the manner how he escaped out of the hands of the Turks. Lord God, save me! But the best was, that the fire which I had cast into the lap of my paltry roaster burnt all his groin, and was beginning to cease (seize) upon his cullions, when he became sensible of the danger, for his smelling was not so bad but that he felt it sooner than he could have seen daylight. And where are they? said Pantagruel. How Panurge showed a very new way to build the walls of Paris. At their return, Panurge considered the walls of the city of Paris, and in derision said to Pantagruel, See what fair walls here are! O how strong they are, and well fitted to keep geese in a mew or coop to fatten them! said Pantagruel. What devil were able to overthrow such walls? They are all either blest or consecrated. said Pantagruel, and what is that? In the time that the beasts did speak, which is not yet three days since, a poor lion, walking through the forest of Bieure, and saying his own little private devotions, passed under a tree where there was a roguish collier gotten up to cut down wood, who, seeing the lion, cast his hatchet at him and wounded him enormously in one of his legs; whereupon the lion halting, he so long toiled and turmoiled himself in roaming up and down the forest to find help, that at last he met with a carpenter, who willingly looked upon his wound, cleansed it as well as he could, and filled it with moss, telling him that he must wipe his wound well that the flies might not do their excrements in it, whilst he should go search for some yarrow or millefoil, commonly called the carpenter's herb. said Panurge. And therefore caused him to be clothed most gallantly according to the fashion that then was, only that Panurge would have the codpiece of his breeches three foot long, and in shape square, not round; which was done, and was well worth the seeing. Of the qualities and conditions of Panurge. He commonly carried a whip under his gown, wherewith he whipped without remission the pages whom he found carrying wine to their masters, to make them mend their pace. In another, he had a squib furnished with tinder, matches, stones to strike fire, and all other tackling necessary for it. Others, again, ran about the streets, and he would run after them. To such as were in the stripping vein he would very civilly come to offer his attendance, and cover them with his cloak, like a courteous and very gracious man. In another he had a picklock, a pelican, a crampiron, a crook, and some other iron tools, wherewith there was no door nor coffer which he would not pick open.
How Panurge gained the pardons, and married the old women, and of the suit in law which he had at Paris. But will you go with me to gain the pardons? said he. Then did I say my small suffrages and the prayers of St. Brigid; but he gained them all at the boxes, and always gave money to everyone of the pardoners. Ho, my friend! And, by G--, I will have their skin-coat shaken once yet before they die. And to what end? And thou, said he, wilt be interred some time or other. How a great scholar of England would have argued against Pantagruel, and was overcome by Panurge. In that same time a certain learned man named Thaumast, hearing the fame and renown of Pantagruel's incomparable knowledge, came out of his own country of England with an intent only to see him, to try thereby and prove whether his knowledge in effect was so great as it was reported to be. But I will dispute by signs only without speaking, for the matters are so abstruse, hard, and arduous, that words proceeding from the mouth of man will never be sufficient for unfolding of them to my liking. For whatever comes from him is good, and his pleasure is that it should be increased when we come amongst men worthy and fit to receive this celestial manna of honest literature. Farewell, said Pantagruel. Is any man so learned as the devils are? We will see who will be conqueror, for he never met with his match before. And, as for disputing contentiously, I will not do it, for it is too base a thing, and therefore leave it to those sottish sophisters who in their disputes do not search for the truth, but for contradiction only and debate. Then put he the forefinger of the right hand in the like buckle of the left, but he put it under, and not over, as Panurge did. Then held he out his chin, most intentively looking upon Thaumast. making such a sign that he put the haft of his dagger against his breast, and upon the point thereof the flat of his hand, turning in a little the ends of his fingers. How Thaumast relateth the virtues and knowledge of Panurge. But, in fine, I will reduce into writing that which we have said and concluded, that the world may not take them to be fooleries, and will thereafter cause them to be printed, that everyone may learn as I have done. Can you tell how? How Panurge was in love with a lady of Paris. He is a gallant, and doth so well know how to find out all the corners, creeks, and ingrained inmates in your carnal trap, that after him there needs no broom, he'll sweep so well before, and leave nothing to his followers to work upon. And therefore, that we lose no time, put on, thrust out your gammons!--and would have embraced her, but she made as if she would put out her head at the window to call her neighbours for help. The next day he came to the church at the time she went to mass. Go, said she, go! But, said he, to the purpose. What will my husband say? He will no doubt be angry with me. In the morning thereafter he killed her, and took that part of her which the Greek geomancers know, and cut it into several small pieces as small as he could. A Roundelay. Panurge had no sooner spoke this but all the dogs that were in the church came running to this lady with the smell of the drugs that he had strewed upon her, both small and great, big and little, all came, laying out their member, smelling to her, and pissing everywhere upon her--it was the greatest villainy in the world. And when he saw that all the dogs were flocking about her, yarring at the retardment of their access to her, and every way keeping such a coil with her as they are wont to do about a proud or salt bitch, he forthwith departed from thence, and went to call Pantagruel, not forgetting in his way alongst the streets through which he went, where he found any dogs to give them a bang with his foot, saying, Will you not go with your fellows to the wedding? And being come home, he said to Pantagruel, Master, I pray you come and see all the dogs of the country, how they are assembled about a lady, the fairest in the city, and would duffle and line her. How Pantagruel departed from Paris, hearing news that the Dipsodes had invaded the land of the Amaurots; and the cause wherefore the leagues are so short in France. A little while after Pantagruel heard news that his father Gargantua had been translated into the land of the fairies by Morgue, as heretofore were Ogier and Arthur; as also, (In the original edition it stands 'together, and that.'--M.) To which Pantagruel willingly adhered. A letter which a messenger brought to Pantagruel from a lady of Paris, together with the exposition of a posy written in a gold ring. Whereupon Panurge told him that the leaf of paper was written upon, but with such cunning and artifice that no man could see the writing at the first sight. But I can see nothing, nor do I believe that there is anything else in it than the ring. To which he answered that they were Hebrew words, signifying, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? Upon that Panurge suddenly replied, I know the mystery. It is a false one. This, then, is the exposition of that which the lady means, Diamant faux, that is, false lover, why hast thou forsaken me? Are you resolved to live and die with me? How Panurge, Carpalin, Eusthenes, and Epistemon, the gentlemen attendants of Pantagruel, vanquished and discomfited six hundred and threescore horsemen very cunningly. Then said Pantagruel, Well, I am content; but, if that you be too weak, I will not fail to come to your assistance. Then began Epistemon to wind about the capstan, by doing whereof the two cables so entangled and empestered the legs of the horses, that they were all of them thrown down to the ground easily, together with their riders. But when Carpalin perceived him, he ran after him with such nimbleness and celerity that he overtook him in less than a hundred paces; then, leaping close behind him upon the crupper of his horse, clasped him in his arms, and brought him back to the ship. How Pantagruel and his company were weary in eating still salt meats; and how Carpalin went a-hunting to have some venison. That is well remembered, said Pantagruel. To which the prisoner answered, Sir, know for a truth that in the army there are three hundred giants, all armed with armour of proof, and wonderful great. Nevertheless, not fully so great as you, except one that is their head, named Loupgarou, who is armed from head to foot with cyclopical anvils. Yea but, said Pantagruel, is the king there? Yes, sir, said the prisoner; he is there in person, and we call him Anarchus, king of the Dipsodes, which is as much to say as thirsty people, for you never saw men more thirsty, nor more willing to drink, and his tent is guarded by the giants. It is enough, said Pantagruel. And what is that? said Pantagruel. The devil take him that will do so. We will make use of the right of war, Qui potest capere, capiat. How Pantagruel likewise with his farts begat little men, and with his fisgs little women; and how Panurge broke a great staff over two glasses. How Pantagruel got the victory very strangely over the Dipsodes and the Giants. Wherein Pantagruel feigned that he had an army at sea. But the prisoner answered that he would yield himself to be his slave, and that he was content never to return to his own people, but rather with Pantagruel to fight against them, and for God's sake besought him that he might be permitted so to do. The prisoner then besought him with joined hands that in the hour of the battle he would have compassion upon him. This done, the prisoner requested him that he would afford him some reasonable composition for his ransom. The prisoner being gone, Pantagruel said to his men, Gentlemen, I have made this prisoner believe that we have an army at sea; as also that we will not assault them till to-morrow at noon, to the end that they, doubting of the great arrival of our men, may spend this night in providing and strengthening themselves, but in the meantime my intention is that we charge them about the hour of the first sleep. Let us leave Pantagruel here with his apostles, and speak of King Anarchus and his army. Besides that, he was charged by the said giant to tell him that the next day, about noon, he must make a dinner ready for him, for at that hour he was resolved to set upon him. But it so befell them as it had done their king, and they plied the flagon so well that the noise ran throughout all the camp, how the prisoner was returned; that the next day they were to have an assault; that the king and his captains did already prepare themselves for it, together with his guards, and that with carousing lustily and quaffing as hard as they could. In sum, they drunk so much, and so long, that they fell asleep like pigs, all out of order throughout the whole camp. He came to the place where their artillery was, and set their munition on fire. The enemies, after that they were awaked, seeing on one side the fire in the camp, and on the other the inundation of the urinal deluge, could not tell what to say nor what to think. Here is the pitfall, here is the difficulty, to have ability enough to express the horrible battle that was fought. So much is a man worth as he esteems himself. Loupgarou was come with all his giants, who, seeing Pantagruel in a manner alone, was carried away with temerity and presumption, for hopes that he had to kill the good man. Then all the other giants retired with their king to the place where the flagons stood, and Panurge and his comrades with them, who counterfeited those that have had the pox, for he wreathed about his mouth, shrunk up his fingers, and with a harsh and hoarse voice said unto them, I forsake -od, fellow-soldiers, if I would have it to be believed that we make any war at all. Give us somewhat to eat with you whilest our masters fight against one another. purposing by his horrible cry to make him afraid, according to the discipline of the Lacedaemonians. Pantagruel, seeing that, most gallantly displayed the vigour of his arms, and, according to the art of the axe, gave him with the great end of his mast a homethrust a little above the breast; then, bringing along the blow to the left side, with a slash struck him between the neck and shoulders. Upon that Loupgarou thought that he had pierced his bladder, and that the wine that came forth had been his urine. Pantagruel, being not content with this, would have doubled it by a side-blow; but Loupgarou, lifting up his mace, advanced one step upon him, and with all his force would have dashed it upon Pantagruel, wherein, to speak the truth, he so sprightfully carried himself, that, if God had not succoured the good Pantagruel, he had been cloven from the top of his head to the bottom of his milt. Panurge, seeing that, said to the king and the giants, By G--, they will hurt one another if they be not parted. This gigantal victory being ended, Pantagruel withdrew himself to the place of the flagons, and called for Panurge and the rest, who came unto him safe and sound, except Eusthenes, whom one of the giants had scratched a little in the face whilst he was about the cutting of his throat, and Epistemon, who appeared not at all. Whereupon Panurge said, Now, certainly, he is healed,--and therefore gave him to drink a large full glass of strong white wine, with a sugared toast. said Pantagruel. Ogier the Dane was a furbisher of armour. And, on the contrary, the philosophers and others, who in this world had been altogether indigent and wanting, were great lords there in their turn. With this he pissed in his pot, as the mustard-makers of Paris used to do. How Pantagruel entered into the city of the Amaurots, and how Panurge married King Anarchus to an old lantern-carrying hag, and made him a crier of green sauce. After this wonderful victory, Pantagruel sent Carpalin unto the city of the Amaurots to declare and signify unto them how the King Anarchus was taken prisoner and all the enemies of the city overthrown. But Pantagruel, having assembled the whole senate and common councilmen of the town, said, My masters, we must now strike the iron whilst it is hot. It is therefore my will that, before we frolic it any longer, we advise how to assault and take the whole kingdom of the Dipsodes. Everyone of you, therefore, that will go along, let him provide himself as I have said. Thus began they to march straight into Dipsody, in such good order as did the people of Israel when they departed out of Egypt to pass over the Red Sea. It is, said Panurge, my lord the king of the three batches, or threadbare sovereign. I will put him to a trade, and make him a crier of green sauce. Go to, begin and cry, Do you lack any green sauce? After dinner he led them to the palace and showed them to Pantagruel, and said, pointing to the married woman, You need not fear that she will crack. said Pantagruel. said Pantagruel. So this new bride is in her lower parts well slit before, and therefore will not crack behind. How Pantagruel with his tongue covered a whole army, and what the author saw in his mouth. said I, is there here a new world? Sir, said he, they come from the other world. Can you tell how? By sleeping. For there they hire men by the day to sleep, and they get by it sixpence a day, but they that can snort hard get at least ninepence. But it is far better living on this side, and the air is purer. And how long hast thou been there? said he. That is about six months ago, said he. We have with the help of God conquered all the land of the Dipsodes; I will give thee the Chastelleine, or Lairdship of Salmigondin. His urine was so hot that since that time it is not yet cold, and you have of it in divers places of France, according to the course that it took, and they are called the hot baths, as--      At Coderets. Into nine others entered nine wood-carriers, having each of them a basket hung at his neck, and so were they swallowed down like pills. Then fell the pioneers to work to dig it up, and the rest with their shovels filled the baskets; and when all was cleansed every one retired himself into his ball. You shall have the rest of the history at Frankfort mart next coming, and there shall you see how Panurge was married and made a cuckold within a month after his wedding; how Pantagruel found out the philosopher's stone, the manner how he found it, and the way how to use it; how he passed over the Caspian mountains, and how he sailed through the Atlantic sea, defeated the Cannibals, and conquered the isles of Pearls; how he married the daughter of the King of India, called Presthan; how he fought against the devil and burnt up five chambers of hell, ransacked the great black chamber, threw Proserpina into the fire, broke five teeth to Lucifer, and the horn that was in his arse; how he visited the regions of the moon to know whether indeed the moon were not entire and whole, or if the women had three quarters of it in their heads, and a thousand other little merriments all veritable. Wherein they are like unto the poor rogues of a village that are busy in stirring up and scraping in the ordure and filth of little children, in the season of cherries and guinds, and that only to find the kernels, that they may sell them to the druggists to make thereof pomander oil. And if you desire to be good Pantagruelists, that is to say, to live in peace, joy, health, making yourselves always merry, never trust those men that always peep out at one hole. End of Book II.
Drink then,--so, to the purpose. Some from the fields brought into the fortified places their movables, bestial, corn, wine, fruit, victuals, and other necessary provision. He expected by the show of these novelties to win the love of the people. So I perceive in them all one and the same specifical form, and the like individual properties, which our ancestors called Pantagruelism; by virtue whereof they will bear with anything that floweth from a good, free, and loyal heart. And for that through their hands the riches and benefits we get from heaven are dealt to us, and that they are continually doing us good and still protecting us from evil, he saith that they exercise the offices of kings; because to do always good, and never ill, is an act most singularly royal. He drew only Panurge aside, and then, making to him a sweet remonstrance and mild admonition, very gently represented before him in strong arguments, that, if he should continue in such an unthrifty course of living, and not become a better mesnagier, it would prove altogether impossible for him, or at least hugely difficult, at any time to make him rich. It is by me that they must be advised. This is done on the day he makes his entry, and is installed. Nor is there any place for an excuse; for he cannot avoid it, unless he would be hooted at and stoned for his parsimony. Of prudence in borrowing money beforehand; for none knows what may fall out. How Panurge praiseth the debtors and borrowers. But, quoth Pantagruel, when will you be out of debt? And there is made--what? Debts. Yet doth it not lie in the power of everyone to be a debtor. For it is to be imagined that he is no way a debtor to them. The moon will remain bloody and obscure. He lent no money, there is nothing due to him. Panurge continueth his discourse in the praise of borrowers and lenders. What sympathy will there be amongst the elements! All will be fair and goodly people there, all just and virtuous. O people of that world most happy! Yea, thrice and four times blessed is that people! And such is their heirarchy, that perpetually the one borrows from the other, the one lends the other, and the one is the other's debtor. How Pantagruel altogether abhorreth the debtors and borrowers. And I am fully confirmed in the opinion, that the Persians erred not when they said that the second vice was to lie, the first being that of owing money. For who so rich can be that sometimes may not owe, or who can be so poor that sometimes may not lend? That if, in the years thereafter, the men should, upon their undergoing of some military adventure, happen to be killed, their names and coats-of-arms might continue with their children in the same families. quoth Pantagruel. How Panurge had a flea in his ear, and forbore to wear any longer his magnificent codpiece. In a good time, quoth Pantagruel, you have told me joyful tidings. It is only the novelty and new-fangledness thereof which I dislike, together with the contempt of common custom and the fashion which is in use. Will you maintain, quoth Pantagruel, that the codpiece is the chief piece of a military harness? It is a new kind of doctrine, very paradoxical; for we say, At spurs begins the arming of a man. How Panurge asketh counsel of Pantagruel whether he should marry, yea, or no. Quoth Pantagruel, Then do not marry. and a single person is never seen to reap the joy and solace that is found with married folks. That is a point for me of a too sore prickling point. Ho, ho, says Panurge, by the wrath of a little devil, his meaning is, either in this world or in the other which is to come. Marry then, in the name of God, quoth Pantagruel. How Pantagruel representeth unto Panurge the difficulty of giving advice in the matter of marriage; and to that purpose mentioneth somewhat of the Homeric and Virgilian lotteries. Are not you assured within yourself of what you have a mind to? Know, Roman, that thy business is to reign. But who is he, conspicuous from afar,   With olive boughs, that doth his offerings bear? And in effect he did not reign above two years. And it so fell out; for he was killed on the seventeenth day after he had attained unto the management of the imperial charge. How Pantagruel showeth the trial of one's fortune by the throwing of dice to be unlawful. It would be sooner done, quoth Panurge, and more expeditely, if we should try the matter at the chance of three fair dice. A whole bagful, answered Panurge. That is provision against the devil, as is expounded by Merlin Coccaius, Lib. With this, the three dice being taken out, produced, and thrown, they fell so pat upon the lower points that the cast was five, six, and five. These are, quoth Panurge, sixteen in all. Of that, forsooth, I make no doubt at all, quoth Pantagruel. Is it so, quoth Panurge, that you understand the matter? I do the feat like a goodly friar or father confessor, without default. How Pantagruel doth explore by the Virgilian lottery what fortune Panurge shall have in his marriage. The crook-legged slovenly slave made himself to be declared a cuckold by a definite sentence and judgment, in the open view of all the gods. Consider his exploits and gallant actions. Enough of that,--cast up, turn over the leaves, and try your fortune for the second time. This importeth, quoth Pantagruel, that she will soundly bang your back and belly. quoth Panurge. After the spoil and pillage, as in fire,   He burnt with a strong feminine desire. Hence this, according to these three drawn lots, will be your future destiny, I clearly see it,--you will be a cuckold, you will be beaten, and you will be robbed. Nay, it is quite otherwise, quoth Panurge; for it is certain that this verse presageth that she will love me with a perfect liking. How Pantagruel adviseth Panurge to try the future good or bad luck of his marriage by dreams. asked Panurge. The sacred Scriptures testify no less, and profane histories assure us of it, in both which are exposed to our view a thousand several kinds of strange adventures, which have befallen pat according to the nature of the dream, and that as well to the party dreamer as to others. But, I pray you, sir, must I this evening, ere I go to bed, eat much or little? Your meaning is, and you would thereby infer, quoth Friar John, that the dreams of all horned cuckolds, of which number Panurge, by the help of God and his future wife, is without controversy to be one, are always true and infallible. Panurge's dream, with the interpretation thereof. At seven o'clock of the next following morning Panurge did not fail to present himself before Pantagruel, in whose chamber were at that time Epistemon, Friar John of the Funnels, Ponocrates, Eudemon, Carpalin, and others, to whom, at the entry of Panurge, Pantagruel said, Lo! A cuckold you will be, beaten and robbed. You possibly will say that they are rather like to be satyr's horns; for you of these did make some mention. What is it makes the wolves to leave the woods? Is she a cucquean for that? Are they all cuckolds? Aeneas, dreaming that he spoke to Hector a little after his decease, did on a sudden in a great start awake, and was afraid. and all his children shout as loud as ever they could, Murder, O murder, murder! The Lord save those who see, and do not hear! quoth Panurge. But not to sup! A plague rot that base custom, which is an error offensive to Nature! Thou knowest it well, Friar John. Let us go, Panurge. How Pantagruel adviseth Panurge to consult with the Sibyl of Panzoust. It hath been told me that at Panzoust, near Crouly, dwelleth a very famous sibyl, who is endowed with the skill of foretelling all things to come. Do we know but that she may be an eleventh sibyl or a second Cassandra? You say very well, answered Epistemon, yet shall you never for all that induce me to believe that it can tend any way to the advantage or commodity of a man to take advice and counsel of a woman, namely, of such a woman, and the woman of such a country. This so terrified Panurge that he forthwith said to Epistemon, The devil mince me into a gallimaufry if I do not tremble for fear! how they tingle! She suddenly then bolted the gate behind her, and was never since seen any more. How Pantagruel and Panurge did diversely expound the verses of the Sibyl of Panzoust. Then, having presented to him the leaves of the sycamore, they show him the short and twattle verses that were written in them. or as the Cilician women, according to the testimony of Dioscorides, were wont to do the grain of alkermes? Assuredly that is an error. Speak wisely. Will you eat a pudding? But let it pass; I will not insist on it. Nothing less, quoth Pantagruel, do I believe than that it is a mere abusing of our understandings to give credit to the words of those who say that there is any such thing as a natural language. Howsoever, you are to pitch upon such a dumb one as is deaf by nature and from his birth; to the end that his gestures and signs may be the more vively and truly prophetic, and not counterfeit by the intermixture of some adulterate lustre and affectation. Or if they should chance to make any countersigns responsory to our propositions, they would prove so foolish, impertinent, and ridiculous, that by them ourselves should easily judge their thoughts to have no excursion beyond the duffling academy. How Goatsnose by signs maketh answer to Panurge. This done, after that he had made demonstration of the want of his codpiece, he from under his shirt took his placket-racket in a full grip, making it therewithal clack very melodiously betwixt his thighs; then, no sooner had he with his body stooped a little forwards, and bowed his left knee, but that immediately thereupon holding both his arms on his breast, in a loose faint-like posture, the one over the other, he paused awhile. You will be married. Then did he lift higher up than before his said left hand, stretching out all the five fingers thereof, and severing them as wide from one another as he possibly could get done. By the body of a fox new slain, quoth Pantagruel, what is that? This dumb fellow prophesieth and foretelleth that you will be married, cuckolded, beaten, and robbed. How Panurge consulteth with an old French poet, named Raminagrobis. We have here, near to the town of Villomere, a man that is both old and a poet, to wit, Raminagrobis, who to his second wife espoused my Lady Broadsow, on whom he begot the fair Basoche. Repair thither as fast as you can, and be ready to give an attentive ear to what he shall chant unto you. Wilt thou come along with us, Friar John? Dost thou think, Friar John, by thy faith, that he is in the state of salvation? He goeth, before God, as surely damned to thirty thousand basketsful of devils as a pruning-bill to the lopping of a vine-branch. I cannot rest satisfied with him; he sinneth grossly, and blasphemeth against the true religion. I will lay an even wager that he is a miscreant apostate. O the cozening prattler that he is! It is not unlikely that he may have the ascarids, and the lumbrics, and worms within the entrails of his body. His soul goeth to thirty thousand cartsful of devils. How Panurge maketh the motion of a return to Raminagrobis. We will by our holy persuasions bring him to a sense and feeling of his escapes, induce him to acknowledge his faults, move him to a cordial repentance of his errors, and stir up in him such a sincere contrition of heart for his offences, as will prompt him with all earnestness to cry mercy, and to beg pardon at the hands of the good fathers, as well of the absent as of such as are present. for my part, I will not go thither. I will not go thither. The wiser they, because he hath ordained nothing for them in his latter will and testament. Get you hence, Friar John! Secondly, be out of debt. For the devils carry a great liking to those that are out of debt. their answer hath been, is, and will be still, that there is a cherubin standing at the gate thereof with a flame-like glistering sword in his hand. How Panurge consulteth with Epistemon. How Panurge consulteth with Herr Trippa. They on the very next ensuing day came to Herr Trippa's lodging. answered Panurge. He hath not learnt the first precept of philosophy, which is, Know thyself; for whilst he braggeth and boasteth that he can discern the least mote in the eye of another, he is not able to see the huge block that puts out the sight of both his eyes. Panurge had no sooner done speaking, when Herr Trippa took into his hand a tamarisk branch. Chaw-turd, quoth Panurge. B.E. I am sure he will not be well pleased with us if he once come to get notice that we have been in the kennel of this muffled devil. How Panurge consulteth with Friar John of the Funnels. Friar John very merrily, and with a sprightly cheerfulness, made this answer to him:  Marry, in the devil's name. What the devil else shouldst thou do but marry? He was loth, it seems, to die with his cods overgorged. Such a precious thing should not be foolishly cast away. He will perhaps therewith beget a male, and so depart the more contentedly out of this life, that he shall have left behind him one for one. How Friar John merrily and sportingly counselleth Panurge. Let this serve for the first part of the sermon. Hearken, quoth Friar John, to the oracle of the bells of Varenes. What say they? I will assure thee that I shall be married; all the elements invite and prompt me to it. he will not fail even then to flesh himself upon his prey, and tuzzle it to some purpose. How Friar John comforteth Panurge in the doubtful matter of cuckoldry. On this side lieth Europe. That doth but betoken that I will hereafter drink so much the more. The thing that I doubt most, and have greatest reason to dread and suspect is, that through some long absence of our King Pantagruel (to whom I must needs bear company should he go to all the devils of Barathrum), my future wife shall make me a cuckold. Everyone, answered Friar John, that would be a cuckold is not one. In good faith, Friar John, I speak now seriously unto thee, I think it will be my best not to marry. If thou marry, thou a cuckold, a cou-cou-cuckoo, cou-cou-cuckold thou shalt be. The devil vanished, as is his custom; and then Hans Carvel, full of joy awaking, found that his middle finger was as far as it could reach within the what-do-by-call-it of his wife. With this Hans Carvel thought that some pilfering fellow was about to take the ring from him. When Pantagruel had read it over and over again, the oftener he perused it being the better pleased therewith, he said, in addressing his speech to Panurge, I have not as yet seen any answer framed to your demand which affordeth me more contentment. Hence it is that it is my resolution to have on Sunday next with me at dinner a divine, a physician, and a lawyer, that with those three assembled thus together we may in every point and particle confer at large of your perplexity. And then we entrust our goods to the lawyers, who never go to law against one another. You speak like a courtier, quoth Pantagruel. How the theologue, Hippothadee, giveth counsel to Panurge in the matter and business of his nuptial enterprise. The Father Hippothadee, in obedience to the bidding of Pantagruel, and with much courtesy to the company, answered exceeding modestly after this manner:  My friend, you are pleased to ask counsel of us; but first you must consult with yourself. My counsel to you in that case, my friend, is that you marry, quoth Hippothadee; for you should rather choose to marry once than to burn still in fires of concupiscence. Gramercy, my good father! I invite you to my wedding. Shall I be a cuckold, father, yea or no? Is not that verily a sanctifying of his holy name? How the physician Rondibilis counselleth Panurge. he made no other answer but this, Because he was idle. He must have those hushed, still, quiet, lying at a stay, lither, and full of ease, whom he is able, though his mother help him, to touch, much less to pierce with all his arrows. Truly, if he encounter with a wife of the like nature, temperament, and constitution, he may beget upon her children worthy of some transpontine monarchy; and the sooner he marry it will be the better for him, and the more conducible for his profit if he would see and have his children in his own time well provided for. Shall not I be a cuckold? If you shall be a cuckold? My dear friend, answered Rondibilis, as Hippocrates on a time was in the very nick of setting forwards from Lango to Polystilo to visit the philosopher Democritus, he wrote a familiar letter to his friend Dionysius, wherein he desired him that he would, during the interval of his absence, carry his wife to the house of her father and mother, who were an honourable couple and of good repute; because I would not have her at my home, said he, to make abode in solitude. Rondibilis the physician's cure of cuckoldry. His wife perceiving that indeed he was as deaf as a door-nail, and that her scolding was but in vain, sith that he heard her not, she grew stark mad. Some time after the doctor asked for his fee of the husband, who answered that truly he was deaf, and so was not able to understand what the tenour of his demand might be. Let us come to where we left off, quoth Panurge. Your words, being translated from the clapper-dudgeons to plain English, do signify that it is not very inexpedient that I marry, and that I should not care for being a cuckold. No, no, quoth Panurge, that will be but to little purpose. He should do both, quoth Trouillogan. asked Panurge. replied Panurge. quoth Panurge. To this Pantagruel answered that at the beginning of the second service Panurge had proposed a problematic theme, to wit, whether he should marry, or not marry? that Father Hippothadee and Doctor Rondibilis had already despatched their resolutions thereupon; and that, just as his majesty was coming in, the faithful Trouillogan in the delivery of his opinion hath thus far proceeded, that when Panurge asked whether he ought to marry, yea or no? The answer is not unlike to that which was once made by a philosopher in ancient times, who being interrogated if he had a woman whom they named him to his wife? I thus interpret, quoth Pantagruel, the having and not having of a wife. A continuation of the answer of the Ephectic and Pyrrhonian philosopher Trouillogan. Now go on, in the name of God! Panurge. Is it possible for me to live without a wife, in the name of all the subterranean devils? But will you tell me? Perhaps. Enough. If I never marry, I shall never be a cuckold. As much as you will. For a cause. Go down to the lower court. Talk better. Were you ever a cuckold? When he had done thus speaking, he withdrew himself from the company. Was not he sent for? How Pantagruel persuaded Panurge to take counsel of a fool. And the said court ordaineth that everyone return to his own home, and attend his proper business, without cost and charges, and for a cause. Therefore advise, if you will be counselled by a fool. How Triboulet is set forth and blazed by Pantagruel and Panurge. Yes, truly, answered Panurge, he is properly and totally a fool, a       Pantagruel. Panurge. Panurge. Pantagruel. Panurge. I am ready to go, and long for the issue of our progress impatiently. I must needs, quoth Pantagruel, according to my former resolution therein, be present at Bridlegoose's trial. Nevertheless, whilst I shall be upon my journey towards Mirelingues, which is on the other side of the river of Loire, I will despatch Carpalin to bring along with him from Blois the fool Triboulet. Then was Carpalin instantly sent away, and Pantagruel, at the same time attended by his domestics, Panurge, Epistemon, Ponocrates, Friar John, Gymnast, Ryzotomus, and others, marched forward on the high road to Mirelingues. How Pantagruel was present at the trial of Judge Bridlegoose, who decided causes and controversies in law by the chance and fortune of the dice. quod met. How Bridlegoose giveth reasons why he looked upon those law-actions which he decided by the chance of the dice. To the very same use, quoth Bridlegoose, that they serve your other worships. He, nevertheless, did even then say unto them, that the banging and flapping of him, to the waste and havoc of their caps, should not, at their return from the palace to their own houses, excuse them from their wives, Per. cons. To marry likewise our daughters when they are ripe, and no sooner, ff. Why? Even as your other worships use to do, answered Bridlegoose. Quest. With this Bridlegoose held his peace. For the fulfilment of this article I will provide sufficiently. How Pantagruel relateth a strange history of the perplexity of human judgment. He dying, she, after the expiring of a year and day, married again, and to her second husband bore a boy called Effege. The woman came no sooner to get information of the fact, but, that it might not go unpunished, she caused kill them both, to revenge the death of her first son. He found the business so dubious and intricate, that he knew not what to determine therein, nor which of the parties to incline to. On the other hand, the cause of the murder seemed to be so natural, as to be grounded upon the law of nations and the rational instinct of all the people of the world, seeing they two together had feloniously and murderously destroyed her first son; not that they had been in any manner of way wronged, outraged, or injured by him, but out of an avaricious intent to possess his inheritance. To answer, quoth Pantagruel (Epistemon, says the English edition of 1694, following the reading of the modern French editions. Le Duchat has pointed out the mistake.--M. How Panurge taketh advice of Triboulet. Panurge, at his arrival, gave him a hog's bladder puffed up with wind, and resounding because of the hard peas that were within it. When Triboulet had done with his drinking, Panurge laid out before him and exposed the sum of the business wherein he was to require his advice, in eloquent and choicely-sorted terms, adorned with flourishes of rhetoric. How Pantagruel and Panurge diversely interpret the words of Triboulet. Upon mine honour, it gives me in my mind that you will be cuckolded by a monk. He gave me a lusty rapping thwack on my back,--what then? He thought, belike, to have hit some of the pages. He is an honest fool, and an innocent changeling. How Pantagruel and Panurge resolved to make a visit to the oracle of the holy bottle. What is the meaning of that? He will guide and conduct us thither sure and safely. quoth Panurge, interrupting him. Nevertheless, quoth Pantagruel, before we adventure to set forwards on the road of our projected and intended voyage, some few points are to be discussed, expedited, and despatched. Which was instantly done, after that Pantagruel had given him a frieze coat. Secondly, our design must be backed with the advice and counsel of the king my father. To this Panurge made answer, that his friend Xenomanes would abundantly suffice for the plenary discharge and performance of the sibyl's office; and that, furthermore, in passing through the Lanternatory revelling country, they should take along with them a learned and profitable Lanternesse, which would be no less useful to them in their voyage than was the sibyl to Aeneas in his descent to the Elysian fields. Carpalin, in the interim, as he was upon the conducting away of Triboulet, in his passing by hearkened a little to the discourse they were upon; then spoke out, saying, Ho, Panurge, master freeman, take my Lord Debitis at Calais alongst with you, for he is goud-fallot, a good fellow. He will not forget those who have been debitors; these are Lanternes. answered Pantagruel. Take along with you Epistemon, Friar John, and such others as you will choose. How Pantagruel did put himself in a readiness to go to sea; and of the herb named Pantagruelion. Amongst other things, it was observed how he caused some of his vessels to be fraught and loaded with a great quantity of an herb of his called Pantagruelion, not only of the green and raw sort of it, but of the confected also, and of that which was notably well befitted for present use after the fashion of conserves. The plant every year perisheth,--the tree neither in the trunk, root, bark, or boughs being durable. How the famous Pantagruelion ought to be prepared and wrought. By these means is this herb put into a way to display its inestimable virtues, whereof I will discover a part; for to relate all is a thing impossible to do. A great many other such there are, which here to recite were needless. It is also termed Pantagruelion by a similitude. He very speedily is to be married, and shall have many children by his wife. Or, to state the question otherwise. Answer, if you can. I in that point desire to be excused. If in your soil it takes, to heaven   A thousand thousand thanks be given;   And say with France, it goodly goes,   Where the Pantagruelion grows. What's worse, there are but two sorts of taking prefaces, as there are but two kinds of prologues to plays; for Mr. Bays was doubtless in the right when he said that if thunder and lightning could not fright an audience into complaisance, the sight of the poet with a rope about his neck might work them into pity. This book might teach thee to leave thy follies; but some will say it does not signify much to some fools whether they are so or not; for when was there a fool that thought himself one? Who then will? some will cry. to the first part. I must confess indeed that my countrymen and other southern nations temper the one with the other in a manner as they do their wine with water, often just dashing the latter with a little of the first. The next day she put on another, and in a modest garb, such as the chaste Roman ladies wore, came into his presence. so that he granted you his royal privilege and particular protection for me against my slandering adversaries.
Where are you? Yet 'twas not for any such veneration of holy writ that he took care of his own health. Indeed, as he saith, lib. It happened that he lost his hatchet. who were they? Now who should happen to meet but these two? Never spare liquor to such as are at hot work. ), as well as if it was worth the whole duchy of Milan. The truth is, the fellow's hatchet is as much to him as a kingdom to a king. Why! This is to wish with a vengeance! it happens many a time that the silly wishers and woulders are baulked, and get neither. How Pantagruel went to sea to visit the oracle of Bacbuc, alias the Holy Bottle. On the stern of the second was a lantern like those of the ancients, industriously made with diaphanous stone, implying that they were to pass by Lanternland. For seeing that the Oracle of the Holy Bottle lay near Cathay, in the Upper India, his advice, and that of Xenomanes also, was not to steer the course which the Portuguese use, while sailing through the torrid zone, and Cape Bona Speranza, at the south point of Africa, beyond the equinoctial line, and losing sight of the northern pole, their guide, they make a prodigious long voyage; but rather to keep as near the parallel of the said India as possible, and to tack to the westward of the said pole, so that winding under the north, they might find themselves in the latitude of the port of Olone, without coming nearer it for fear of being shut up in the frozen sea; whereas, following this canonical turn, by the said parallel, they must have that on the right to the eastward, which at their departure was on their left. How Pantagruel bought many rarities in the island of Medamothy. Pantagruel, inquiring who governed there, heard that it was King Philophanes, absent at that time upon account of the marriage of his brother Philotheamon with the infanta of the kingdom of Engys. For it was the third day of the great and famous fair of the place, to which the chief merchants of Africa and Asia resorted. How Pantagruel received a letter from his father Gargantua, and of the strange way to have speedy news from far distant places. While Pantagruel was taken up with the purchase of those foreign animals, the noise of ten guns and culverins, together with a loud and joyful cheer of all the fleet, was heard from the mole. And indeed that ship was as light as a swallow, so that it rather seemed to fly on the sea than to sail. Whereupon Gargantua, hearing that it had the white ribbon on, was joyful and secure of his son's welfare. How Pantagruel writ to his father Gargantua, and sent him several curiosities. What a devil! I also send you three young unicorns, which are the tamest of creatures. How Pantagruel met a ship with passengers returning from Lanternland. Pantagruel heard that they came from Lanternland; which added to his joy, and that of the whole fleet. While we were listening to these news, Panurge fell out with one Dingdong, a drover or sheep-merchant of Taillebourg. The occasion of the fray was thus:  This same Dingdong, seeing Panurge without a codpiece, with his spectacles fastened to his cap, said to one of his comrades, Prithee, look, is there not a fine medal of a cuckold? Panurge, so smitten with terror that his heart sunk down to his midriff, scoured off to Pantagruel for help; but Friar John laid hand on his flashing scimitar that was new ground, and would certainly have despatched Dingdong to rights, had not the skipper and some of his passengers beseeched Pantagruel not to suffer such an outrage to be committed on board his ship. So the matter was made up, and Panurge and his antagonist shaked fists, and drank in course to one another in token of a perfect reconciliation. How, the fray being over, Panurge cheapened one of Dingdong's sheep. This done, Panurge earnestly entreated him to sell him one of his sheep. Patience, said Panurge; but waiving that, be so kind as to sell me one of your sheep. Come, how much? answered the other. Zwoons, man, they are oriental sheep, topping sheep, fatted sheep, sheep of quality. Panurge. Panurge. To see fashions? Panurge. Panurge. Panurge. Dingdong. Panurge. Dingdong. Panurge. Panurge. Now I think on't, over all the fields where they piss, corn grows as fast as if the Lord had pissed there; they need neither be tilled nor dunged. The truth is, they cost me money, that they do. I hate a gibble-gabble and a rimble-ramble talk. You are not the first man whom I have known to have fallen, even sometimes to the endangering, if not breaking, of his own neck, for endeavouring to rise all at once. God wot, how he belabours himself then. How Panurge caused Dingdong and his sheep to be drowned in the sea. Upon this all the other sheep in the ship, crying and bleating in the same tone, made all the haste they could to leap nimbly into the sea, one after another; and great was the throng who should leap in first after their leader. Dingdong, at his wits' end, and stark staring mad, as a man who saw his sheep destroy and drown themselves before his face, strove to hinder and keep them back with might and main; but all in vain:  they all one after t'other frisked and jumped into the sea, and were lost. At last he laid hold on a huge sturdy one by the fleece, upon the deck of the ship, hoping to keep it back, and so save that and the rest; but the ram was so strong that it proved too hard for him, and carried its master into the herring pond in spite of his teeth--where it is supposed he drank somewhat more than his fill, so that he was drowned--in the same manner as one-eyed Polyphemus' sheep carried out of the den Ulysses and his companions. The ship being cleared of Dingdong and his tups:  Is there ever another sheepish soul left lurking on board? Rarely performed, answered Friar John; only methinks that as formerly in war, on the day of battle, a double pay was commonly promised the soldiers for that day; for if they overcame, there was enough to pay them; and if they lost, it would have been shameful for them to demand it, as the cowardly foresters did after the battle of Cerizoles; likewise, my friend, you ought not to have paid your man, and the money had been saved. Never did man do me an ill one without rueing the day that he did it, either in this world or the next. How Pantagruel arrived at the island of Ennasin, and of the strange ways of being akin in that country. I will not fail, said she, scourer. Having very exactly viewed the situation of the island and the way of living of the Enassed nation, we went to take a cup of the creature at a tavern, where there happened to be a wedding after the manner of the country. (Many such matches have been, and they were formerly much commended.) How Pantagruel went ashore at the island of Chely, where he saw King St. Panigon. Panigon directed her and all her retinue to salute Pantagruel and his men with a kiss; for such was the civil custom of the country; and they were all fairly bussed accordingly, except Friar John, who stepped aside and sneaked off among the king's officers. Pantagruel, returning to the port, missed Friar John, and asked why he was not with the rest of the company. Everything goes about by dozens. He is one of the best friends I have. Why monks love to be in kitchens. What is the reason, asked Friar John, that monks are always to be found in kitchens, and kings, emperors, and popes are never there? Thus discoursing, they got to their ships, and left the island of Chely. How Pantagruel passed by the land of Pettifogging, and of the strange way of living among the Catchpoles. All sorts of people daily resort to this castle. The dominie put on his surplice and stole, and as he came out of his office, met the catchpole, had him in there, and made him suck his face a good while, while the gauntlets were drawing on all hands; and then told him, You are come just in pudding-time; my lord is in his right cue. From that time to this, not a word of the business; the memory of it was lost with the sound of the bells that rung with joy at his funeral. Tickletoby notwithstanding peremptorily bid him provide himself elsewhere if he would, and not to hope for anything out of his monastical wardrobe. Then his arms fell to pieces, one this way and the other that way; and even so were his legs served at the same time. They were all immediately informed that a catchpole was housed. After which, Catchpole, well stuffed and moistened, came with Oudart to the place where all the actors in the farce stood ready to begin. The next day they had a third part to the same tune, because it did not appear by the lean catchpole's bag that he had served his writ. To the catchpole and his bums he ordered four ducats for civility money. This he said, striking Basche and his lady; then her women and the levite. So they all drank to one another, and especially to the catchpole and his bums. Nevertheless, he scorned to be thought a flincher, and made shift to tope to him on the square. The other two, tho' they had more need to complain, made their excuse as well as they could, protesting that they had no ill design in this dumbfounding; begging that, for goodness sake, they would forgive them; and so, tho' they could hardly budge a foot, or wag along, away they crawled. Thus he used to spend his revenue, beating people for the price of his money. How Pantagruel came to the islands of Tohu and Bohu; and of the strange death of Wide-nostrils, the swallower of windmills. That day Pantagruel came to the two islands of Tohu and Bohu, where the devil a bit we could find anything to fry with. He had no sooner said this, but he was so excessively pleased, and fell into so exorbitant a fit of laughter, that the use of his spleen took that of his breath utterly away, and he immediately died. They have always one foot on the ground, and the other not far from it. What countenances Panurge and Friar John kept during the storm. Friar John had stripped himself to his waistcoat, to help the seamen. Epistemon, Ponocrates, and the rest did as much. Panurge alone sat on his breech upon deck, weeping and howling. Friar John espied him going on the quarter-deck, and said to him, Odzoons! This is hastening to the devil as fast as it can. Mind the pumps or the devil choke thee. Ah, Friar John, said Panurge, good ghostly father, dear friend, don't let us swear, you sin. He dotes, he raves, the poor devil! Is it come to that? produce, exhibit; for, d'ye see this, and all the rest will as well go to the devil out of hand. What will it signify to make your will now? Art thou mad, said Friar John, to run on at this rate? The Lord and the blessed Virgin be with us, said Panurge. If they are saved for having whipped innocent lads, he ought to be above the--     An end of the storm. Shore, shore! Land to, my friends, I see land! So! Methinks the storm is almost over. Our devils begin to scamper. Out with all your sails. Run up to the fore-topsail. But who is this Ucalegon below, that cries and makes such a sad moan? all is well, the storm is over. How Panurge was said to have been afraid without reason during the storm. Truly this is a fine place, and these look like a very good people. Portius Cato also said that there were but three things of which he would repent:  if ever he had trusted his wife with his secret, if he had idled away a day, and if he had ever gone by sea to a place which he could visit by land. The devil was sick, the devil a monk would be;   The devil was well, the devil a monk was he. How, after the storm, Pantagruel went on shore in the islands of the Macreons. In the interim, Panurge said to Friar John, Is this the island of the Macreons? Thus having publicly set up those letters, they eased the relations and friends of the prisoners, and such others as desired to know their doom, of their doubts. See Plutarch, in his book about the Cessation of Oracles. How Pantagruel related a very sad story of the death of the heroes. The voice was heard a second time calling Thamous, in a frightful tone; and none making answer, but trembling and remaining silent, the voice was heard a third time, more dreadful than before. Then the voice, louder than before, bid him publish when he should come to Palodes, that the great god Pan was dead. Thamous then getting up on the top of the ship's forecastle, and casting his eyes on the shore, said that he had been commanded to proclaim that the great god Pan was dead. He is the good Pan, the great shepherd, who, as the loving shepherd Corydon affirms, hath not only a tender love and affection for his sheep, but also for their shepherds. How Pantagruel sailed by the Sneaking Island, where Shrovetide reigned. He weeps the three-fourth parts of the day, and never assists at any weddings; but, give the devil his due, he is the most industrious larding-stick and skewer-maker in forty kingdoms. About six years ago, as I passed by Sneaking-land, I brought home a large skewer from thence, and made a present of it to the butchers of Quande, who set a great value upon them, and that for a cause. What a shameful disorder in nature, is it not, to make war against women? between the anvil and the hammers? How Shrovetide is anatomized and described by Xenomanes. lantern. His will, like three filberts in a His conscience, like the unnest-        porringer. His breast, like a game at nine- His belly as big as a tun, buttoned    pins. on the cellar door. His nostrils, like a forehead cloth. 'Tis a wonderful thing, continued Xenomanes, to hear and see the state of Shrovetide. which Parisatis desired that       When he evacuated, it was mush-   the words of such as spoke to        rooms and morilles. cock and a bull. Is that the gentleman? I will send him a challenge immediately. said Friar John. How Pantagruel discovered a monstrous physeter, or whirlpool, near the Wild Island. By the pilot's advice the trumpets of the Thalamege were sounded to warn all the fleet to stand close and look to themselves. Friar John with the grenadiers got on the forecastle. Poor Panurge began to cry and howl worse than ever. Babille-babou, said he, shrugging up his shoulders, quivering all over with fear, there will be the devil upon dun. devil! How Pantagruel went on shore in the Wild Island, the ancient abode of the Chitterlings. As for Pantagruel, he took no manner of notice of the monster; for he had seen many such, nay, bigger, in the Gallic ocean. They are Chitterlings, replied Xenomanes. How the wild Chitterlings laid an ambuscado for Pantagruel. Therefore Carpalin and Gymnast were ordered by Pantagruel to go for the soldiers that were on board the Cup galley, under the command of Colonel Maul-chitterling, and those on board the Vine-tub frigate, under the command of Colonel Cut-pudding the younger. That evening returning home to prepare for his expedition, and kissing a little daughter of his called Trasia, she seemed somewhat sad to him. What is the matter, said he, my chicken? He had hardly ended this discourse, when the two colonels arrived with their soldiers, all well armed and resolute. Pantagruel made them a short speech, entreating them to behave themselves bravely in case they were attacked; for he could not yet believe that the Chitterlings were so treacherous; but he bade them by no means to give the first offence, giving them Carnival for the watchword. How Chitterlings are not to be slighted by men. It was in the Wild Island, in our voyage to the Holy Bottle. Even so are Chitterlings. The Himantopodes, a nation very famous in Ethiopia, according to Pliny's description, are Chitterlings, and nothing else. How Friar John joined with the cooks to fight the Chitterlings. Matter of breviary, replied Friar John. Thus, seeing we are to fight Chitterlings, pursued Pantagruel, you infer thence that it is a culinary war, and have a mind to join with the cooks. That is the Chitterlings' lot; they shall have their bellyful of it. How Friar John fitted up the sow; and of the valiant cooks that went into it. Here are the names of the noble and valiant cooks who went into the sow, as the Greeks did into the Trojan horse:  Sour-sauce. Crisp-pig. Carbonado. Sweet-meat. He was afterwards taken from the kitchen and removed to chamber-practice, for the service of the noble Cardinal Hunt-venison. Maul-chitterling did maul chitterlings; Cut-pudding did cut puddings; Pantagruel did break the Chitterlings at the knees; Friar John played at least in sight within his sow, viewing and observing all things; when the Pattipans that lay in ambuscade most furiously sallied out upon Pantagruel. Friar John and his party kept on mincing, felling, braining, mangling, and spitting the Chitterlings like mad; but Pantagruel sounded a retreat, and all hostility ceased. The monster having several times hovered backwards and forwards between the two armies, with a tail-shot voided above twenty-seven butts of mustard on the ground; then flew away through the air, crying all the while, Carnival, Carnival, Carnival. How Pantagruel held a treaty with Niphleseth, Queen of the Chitterlings. The queen alighted, courteously received Pantagruel, and was glad to see him. She therefore entreated him to pardon them their offence, telling him that sir-reverence was sooner found in Chitterlings than gall; and offering, for herself and all her successors, to hold of him and his the whole island and country; to obey him in all his commands, be friends to his friends, and foes to his foes; and also to send every year, as an acknowledgment of their homage, a tribute of seventy-eight thousand royal Chitterlings, to serve him at his first course at table six months in the year; which was punctually performed. For the next day she sent the aforesaid quantity of royal Chitterlings to the good Gargantua, under the conduct of young Niphleseth, infanta of the island. After that he asked several nice questions concerning the apparition of that flying hog. Pantagruel asking to what purpose and curative indication he had voided so much mustard on the earth, the queen replied that mustard was their sanc-greal and celestial balsam, of which, laying but a little in the wounds of the fallen Chitterlings, in a very short time the wounded were healed and the dead restored to life. Pantagruel held no further discourse with the queen, but retired a-shipboard. How Pantagruel went into the island of Ruach. They live on nothing but wind, eat nothing but wind, and drink nothing but wind. They have no other houses but weathercocks. They sow no other seeds but the three sorts of windflowers, rue, and herbs that may make one break wind to the purpose; these scour them off carefully. When they would have some noble treat, the tables are spread under one or two windmills. They all die of dropsies and tympanies, the men farting and the women fizzling; so that their soul takes her leave at the back-door. asked Pantagruel. On the contrary, Hippocrates, in his fifth book of Epidem, writes that such a case happening in his time the patient presently died of a spasm and convulsion. How Pantagruel went ashore in the island of Pope-Figland. The next morning we arrived at the island of Pope-figs; formerly a rich and free people, called the Gaillardets, but now, alas! The occasion of it was this:  On a certain yearly high holiday, the burgomaster, syndics, and topping rabbies of the Gaillardets chanced to go into the neighbouring island Papimany to see the festival and pass away the time. To be revenged of this affront, the Papimen, some days after, without giving the others the least warning, took arms, and surprised, destroyed, and ruined the whole island of the Gaillardets; putting the men to the sword, and sparing none but the women and children, and those too only on condition to do what the inhabitants of Milan were condemned to by the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa. Then the hangman by his order clapped a fig into the mule's jimcrack, in the presence of the enslaved cits that were brought into the middle of the great market-place, and proclaimed in the emperor's name, with trumpets, that whosoever of them would save his own life should publicly pull the fig out with his teeth, and after that put it in again in the very individual cranny whence he had draw'd it without using his hands, and that whoever refused to do this should presently swing for it and die in his shoes. By the same ignominy the rest of these poor distressed Gaillardets saved their bacon, becoming tributaries and slaves, and the name of Pope-figs was given them, because they said, A fig for the pope's image. About him stood three priests, true shavelings, clean shorn and polled, who were muttering strange words to the devils out of a conjuring book. The poor man told him that he was sowing the ground with corn to help him to subsist the next year. Ay, but the ground is none of thine, Mr. Plough-jobber, cried the devil, but mine; for since the time that you mocked the pope all this land has been proscribed, adjudged, and abandoned to us. However, to sow corn is not my province; therefore I will give thee leave to sow the field, that is to say, provided we share the profit. I will, replied the farmer. About the middle of July, quoth the farmer. They need but meet, and the job is done; true fire and tinder, touch and take; down falls nun, and up gets friar. Then he and his men began to cut and reap the corn; and, on the other side, the devil's imps fell to work, grubbing up and pulling out the stubble by the root. After him the farmer with his spade dug up the radishes, and clapped them up into pouches. This done, the devil, the farmer, and their gangs, hied them to market, and there the farmer presently made good money of his radishes; but the poor devil took nothing; nay, what was worse, he was made a common laughing-stock by the gaping hoidens. Besides, our master Lucifer is so cloyed with their souls that he often sends them back to the smutty scullions and slovenly devils of his kitchen, and they scarce go down with them, unless now and then, when they are high-seasoned. How the devil was deceived by an old woman of Pope-Figland. Rely upon me, and be quiet; let me alone to deal with him. You say he is a pimping little devil, that is enough; I will soon make him give up the field, I will warrant you. ho, the house! asked the devil. Where is he? what does he? Nay, and besides, he talked of going to the smith's to have his pounces sharpened and pointed. Pantagruel gave to the poor's box of the fabric of the church eighteen thousand good royals, in commiseration of the poverty of the people and the calamity of the place. How Pantagruel went ashore at the island of Papimany. Who? We mean, said they, he that is. So that, according to our subtle decretaline philosophy, this is a necessary consequence:  he is pope; therefore he has genitories, and should genitories no more be found in the world, the world could no more have a pope. He answered that they were the four estates of the island, and added that we should be made as welcome as princes, since we had seen the pope. they have seen him! they have seen him! Then came the Busby (!) do all those that see the pope grow as tall as yon huge fellow that threatens us? How Homenas, Bishop of Papimany, showed us the Uranopet decretals. This will take up some time. This must have been then, returned Homenas, against the rebellious, heretical Protestants; reprobates who are disobedient to the holiness of this good god on earth. Here, in the devil's name, said Panurge, the people are no heretics; such as was our Raminagrobis, and as they are in Germany and England. Now let us go and bless ourselves with holy water, and then to dinner. Well then, by the virtue of god the pope, their pinners, neck-ruffs, bib, coifs, and other linen turned as black as a charcoal-man's sack. The holy decretals. The holy decretals. Here Homenas began to belch, to fart, to funk, to laugh, to slaver, and to sweat; and then he gave his huge greasy four-cornered cap to one of the lasses, who clapped it on her pretty head with a great deal of joy, after she had lovingly bussed it, as a sure token that she should be first married. I was saying, then, that giving yourselves thus wholly to the study of the holy decretals, you will gain wealth and honour in this world. Epistemon, Friar John, and Panurge, seeing this doleful catastrophe, began, under the cover of their napkins, to cry Meeow, meeow, meeow; feigning to wipe their eyes all the while as if they had wept. India alone boasts black ebony; the best incense is produced in Sabaea; the sphragitid earth at Lemnos; so this island is the only place where such fine pears grow. We are a plain downright sort of people, as God would have it, and call figs, figs; plums, plums; and pears, pears. Methinks I hear some people talking in the air, yet I can see nobody. Haste away, let's make all the sail we can. Nay, and they are on their dunghill, while we do not know the country. They will be the death of us. Demosthenes saith that the man that runs away may fight another day. Let's first see who they are; perhaps they may be friends. I can discover nobody yet, though I can see a hundred miles round me. When the Thracian women had torn him to pieces they threw his head and lyre into the river Hebrus, down which they floated to the Euxine sea as far as the island of Lesbos; the head continually uttering a doleful song, as it were lamenting the death of Orpheus, and the lyre, with the wind's impulse moving its strings and harmoniously accompanying the voice. How among the frozen words Pantagruel found some odd ones. The skipper made answer:  Be not afraid, my lord; we are on the confines of the Frozen Sea, on which, about the beginning of last winter, happened a great and bloody fight between the Arimaspians and the Nephelibates. I think I have read that, on the edge of the mountain on which Moses received the Judaic law, the people saw the voices sensibly. We also saw some terrible words, and some others not very pleasant to the eye. How Pantagruel went ashore at the dwelling of Gaster, the first master of arts in the world. The pilot was telling us how, on a certain time, after the manner of the members that mutinied against the belly, as Aesop describes it, the whole kingdom of the Somates went off into a direct faction against Gaster, resolving to throw off his yoke; but they soon found their mistake, and most humbly submitted, for otherwise they had all been famished. The first were called Engastrimythes; the others, Gastrolaters. These were soothsayers, enchanters, cheats, who gulled the mob, and seemed not to speak and give answers from the mouth, but from the belly. As for the Gastrolaters, they stuck close to one another in knots and gangs. and cabbage. What the Gastrolaters sacrificed to their god on interlarded fish-days. Fresh butter. small. How Gaster invented means to get and preserve corn. Our master of arts was also said to have found a way to keep the rain up in the air, and make it to fall into the sea; also to annihilate the hail, suppress the winds, and remove storms as the Methanensians of Troezene used to do. How Pantagruel fell asleep near the island of Chaneph, and of the problems proposed to be solved when he waked. The express returned without any other despatch, yet having related to the prince what he had seen his father do, he easily understood that by those signs he advised him to cut off the heads of the chief men in the town, the better to keep under the rest of the people. Pantagruel then asked what sort of people dwelt in that damned island. Will they lie backwards, and let out their fore-rooms? There's a fine question to be asked, cried Pantagruel. away with them, cried Friar John; a young saint, an old devil! After this he asked, What's o'clock? Formerly, among the Persians, dinner-time was at a set hour only for kings; as for all others, their appetite and their belly was their clock; when that chimed, they thought it time to go to dinner. Diogenes being asked at what times a man ought to eat, answered, The rich when he is hungry, the poor when he has anything to eat. How Pantagruel passed the time with his servants. Let's go on. This, said Panurge, makes the saying good:    While jolly companions carouse it together,   A fig for the storm, it gives way to good weather. How, by Pantagruel's order, the Muses were saluted near the isle of Ganabim. The people are all thieves; yet there is the finest fountain in the world, and a very large forest towards the right top of the mountain. Your fleet may take in wood and water there. The hen-hearted rascal is so cowardly that he berays himself for fear every day. Well then, sir, said Friar John, while the ship's crew water have you a mind to have good sport? Let 'em give the word for the gunner to fire yon gun over the round-house on the poop; this will serve to salute the Muses of this Anti-parnassus; besides, the powder does but decay in it. How Panurge berayed himself for fear; and of the huge cat Rodilardus, which he took for a puny devil. (This he said, showing him the smoke of the gunpowder above the ships.) With this cat? The devil take Tybert!
How did you find that they are now wise? Everyone, you know, cannot go to Corinth. How Pantagruel arrived at the Ringing Island, and of the noise that we heard. That time or tense, said Epistemon, is aorist, derived from the preter-imperfect tense of the Greeks, admitted in war (?) Saith the hermit:  It is, as I told you, fatal to go against this; whosoever does it is a rank heretic, and wants nothing but fire and faggot, that's certain. I am much more inclined not to fast for the future; for to do so there is some stock required, and some tools are set a-work. Now we are come to these esurial idle days. How the Ringing Island had been inhabited by the Siticines, who were become birds. Having fasted as aforesaid, the hermit gave us a letter for one whom he called Albian Camar, Master Aedituus of the Ringing Island; but Panurge greeting him called him Master Antitus. After this the devil a word could we get out of him but of birds and cages. The cages were spacious, costly, magnificent, and of an admirable architecture. He called the males clerg-hawks, monk-hawks, priest-hawks, abbot-hawks, bish-hawks, cardin-hawks, and one pope-hawk, who is a species by himself. They are so hard-favoured and monstrous that none can abide them. How there is but one pope-hawk in the Ringing Island. We then asked Master Aedituus why there was but one pope-hawk among such venerable birds multiplied in all their species. For all these same birds did so peck, clapperclaw, and maul one another all that time, that there was the devil and all to do, and the island was in a fair way of being left without inhabitants. He answered that it was the bells that hung on the top of their cages. How the birds of the Ringing Island were all passengers. They are all of them passengers, or travelling birds, returned Aedituus, and come hither from t'other world; part out of a vast country called Want-o'-bread, the rest out of another toward the west, which they style Too-many-of-'em. But, asked Pantagruel, do these birds never return to the world where they were hatched? They are mongrels, quoth Aedituus. They have none, answered Aedituus. But Pantagruel told him that he could drink but too much without that. How the birds are crammed in the Ringing Island. Pantagruel looked I don't know howish, and seemed not very well pleased with the four days' junketting which Aedituus enjoined us. And in faith they sing rarely for their good founders, that is the truth on't. O happy creatures! How Panurge related to Master Aedituus the fable of the horse and the ass. Alas! The most difficult point was to get him back; for in vain the youngsters complimented and coaxed him to come. And the more they strove by fair means to bring him with them, the more the stubborn thing was untoward, and flew out at the heels; insomuch that they might have been there to this hour, had not his mistress advised them to toss oats in a sieve or in a blanket, and call him; which was done, and made him wheel about and say, Oats, with a witness! When they had well fed, quoth the horse to the ass;  Well, poor ass, how is it with thee now? asked the horse; the devil leap thee! dost thou take me for an ass? Panurge then held his peace. Pantagruel would have had him to have gone on to the end of the chapter; but Aedituus said, A word to the wise is enough; I can pick out the meaning of that fable, and know who is that ass, and who the horse; but you are a bashful youth, I perceive. Pantagruel then earnestly desired to see the pope-hawk; but Aedituus told him it was not such an easy matter to get a sight of him. No, sir, returned Aedituus; but he is naturally of pretty difficult access. Do you see that basin yonder in his cage? It were better to drink and be merry, quoth Friar John. Panurge was still feeding his eyes with the sight of the pope-hawk and his attendants, when somewhere under his cage he perceived a madge-howlet. May we not hear the pope-hawk sing? I dare not promise that, returned Aedituus; for he only sings and eats at his own hours. So don't I, quoth Panurge; poor pilgarlic is fain to make everybody's time his own; if they have time, I find time. Now this is something like a tansy, said Aedituus; you begin to talk somewhat like; still speak in that fashion, and I'll secure you from being thought a heretic. Having said this, he took up one of St. Stephen's loaves, alias a stone, and was going to hit him with it about the middle. Do but look upon that basin. The third day (after we had drank, as you must understand) Aedituus dismissed us. As they sprouted up and chanced to touch the tree, straight they met with their heads, points, and blades, each suitable to its kind, made ready for them by the trees over them, as soon as every individual wood was grown up, fit for its steel; even like the children's coats, that are made for them as soon as they can wear them and you wean them of their swaddling clothes. But in this point they differed from other animals, that their heads, that is, the part of their trunks next to the root, are downwards; their hair, that is, their roots, in the earth; and their feet, that is, their branches, upside down; as if a man should stand on his head with outstretched legs. Well, no matter, 'twill serve to sweep the chimney. How Pantagruel arrived at the island of Sharping. We left the island of Tools to pursue our voyage, and the next day stood in for the island of Sharping, the true image of Fontainebleau, for the land is so very lean that the bones, that is, the rocks, shoot through its skin. cry as many of them. will they say. And so on to the end of the chapter. He and his black guards are then at some other places, according to the priority of the persons that call on them; therefore, pray let none be so venturesome as to think that the devils are deaf and blind. How we passed through the wicket inhabited by Gripe-men-all, Archduke of the Furred Law-cats. They have claws so very strong, long, and sharp that nothing can get from 'em that is once fast between their clutches. Plunder is their motto, and when acted by them is approved by all men, except the heretics; and all this they do because they dare; their authority is sovereign and irrefragable. How Gripe-men-all propounded a riddle to us. Give, give me out of hand--an answer to this riddle, quoth Gripe-men-all. Friar John, hearing him run on at that mad rate, had no longer the power to remain silent, but cried to him, Heigh-day! Hasn't the fellow told you he does not know a word of the business? His name is Twyford. this is the first time since I have reigned that anyone has had the impudence to speak before he was bidden. By gold, people here must give categorical answers to what they don't know. By gold, they must protest that they know what they never knew in their lives; and, after all, patience perforce must be their only remedy, as well as a mad dog's. Saith Gripe-men-all, The court, upon a full hearing (of the gold, quoth Panurge), and weighty reasons given, finds the prisoners not guilty, and accordingly orders them to be discharged out of custody, paying their fees. They answered that they were for Gripe-men-all and the Furred Law-cats. If they live on corruption, said the friar, they will perish with their generation. All this is true enough, answered one for the rest, but the great king is so good and gracious, you must know, and these Furred Law-cats so curst and cruel, so mad, and thirsting after Christian blood, that we have less cause to fear in trespassing against that mighty sovereign's commands than reason to hope to live if we do not continually stop the mouths of these Furred Law-cats with such bribes and corruption. In the next place, let's go back to the wicket, and destroy all these devilish Furred Law-cats. How Friar John talks of rooting out the Furred Law-cats. And I judged that lousy silver would not do the business; for, d'ye see, velvet pouches do not use to gape for little paltry clipt silver and small cash; no, they are made for gold, my friend John; that they are, my dainty cod. But now what is to be done? We are enjoined by them to go forwards. With this, he lugged out his slashing cutlass, and in a mighty heat came out of the ship to cut the cozening varlets into steaks, but they scampered away and got out of sight in a trice. Now I don't know whether they had paid their reckoning to the full or no, but, however it was, an old fat hostess, meeting Friar John on the quay, was making a woeful complaint before a sergeant, son-in-law to one of the furred law-cats, and a brace of bums, his assistants. The friar, who did not much care to be tired with their impertinent prating, said to them, Harkee me, ye lubberly gnat-snappers! The forlorn lobcocks soon showed him their backs, betaking themselves to their heels; but the old fusty landlady kept her ground, swearing like any butter-whore that the tarpaulins were very honest cods, but that they only forgot to pay for the bed on which they had lain after dinner, and she asked fivepence, French money, for the said bed. May I never sup, said the friar, if it be not dog-cheap; they are sorry guests and unkind customers, that they are; they do not know when they have a pennyworth, and will not always meet with such bargains. Friar John then gave her the fivepence; and she no sooner turned her back but he presently began to rip up the ticking of the feather-bed and bolster, and threw all the feathers out at the window. Friar John let her bawl on, and, without any further ado, marched off with the blanket, quilt, and both the sheets, which he brought aboard undiscovered, for the air was darkened with the feathers, as it uses sometimes to be with snow. (As soon as Friar John and the rest of the company were embarked, Pantagruel set sail. But there arose a south-east wind, which blew so vehemently they lost their way, and in a manner going back to the country of the Furred Law-cats, they entered into a huge gulf, where the sea ran so high and terrible that the shipboy on the top of the mast cried out he again saw the habitation of Gripe-men-all; upon which Panurge, frightened almost out of his wits, roared out, Dear master, in spite of the wind and waves, change your course, and turn the ship's head about. So the wind carried them near an island, where however they did not dare at first to land, but entered about a mile off. When the good Pantagruel had prayed publicly, and given thanks to the Lord that had delivered him from so great a danger, he stepped into it with his whole company to go on shore, which was no ways difficult to do, for, as the sea was calm and the winds laid, they soon got to the cliffs. When they were set on shore, Epistemon, who was admiring the situation of the place and the strange shape of the rocks, discovered some of the natives. He told them it was a colony brought out of Attorneyland, and called Process, and that if we forded the river somewhat further beyond the rocks we should come into the island of the Apedefers. We live on nothing else, returned Double-fee; and all who live in this place must come through my hands. Still talking on, they got to the island of the Apedefers, for they were soon got over the ford. Pantagruel was not a little taken up with admiring the structure and habitation of the people of the place. How, cried Panurge, there are some grandees here then, I see. Do you see here this little bunch, to which they are going to give t'other wrench? By the Queen of the Chitterlings, quoth Panurge, all the hieroglyphics of Egypt are mine a-- to this jargon. How we went forwards, and how Panurge had like to have been killed. The people of the place, who had the countenance of jolly fellows and boon companions, were all of them forward folks, bloated and puffed up with fat. We repaired thither, and found it filled with people of the forward nation, of all ages, sexes, and conditions; so that we thought some notable feast or other was getting ready, but we were told that all that throng were invited to the bursting of mine host, which caused all his friends and relations to hasten thither. This would keep the man from flying out and bursting. I was acquainted with many of the passengers that came in her, who were most of 'em of good families; among the rest Harry Cotiral, an old toast, who had got a swinging ass's touch-tripe (penis) fastened to his waist, as the good women's beads are to their girdle. Have you smelt the salt deep? To these four questions he answered, From Queen Whims; for Touraine; alchemy; to the very bottom. Said he, Astrologers, fortune-tellers, alchemists, rhymers, poets, painters, projectors, mathematicians, watchmakers, sing-songs, musicianers, and the devil and all of others that are subject to Queen Whims (Motteux gives the following footnote:--'La Quinte, This means a fantastic Humour, Maggots, or a foolish Giddiness of Brains; and also, a fifth, or the Proportion of Five in music, &c.'). For our only way to arrive safe at the queendom of Whims was to trust to the whirlwind and be led by the current. How we arrived at the queendom of Whims or Entelechy. Her true name then is Entelechy, and may he be in tail beshit, and entail a shit-a-bed faculty and nothing else on his family, who dares call her by any other name; for whoever he is, he does her wrong, and is a very impudent person. The captain showed us the queen, attended with her ladies and gentlemen, in the second gallery. She looked young, though she was at least eighteen hundred years old, and was handsome, slender, and as fine as a queen, that is, as hands could make her. He then said to us:  It is not yet a fit time to speak to the queen; be you but mindful of her doings in the meanwhile. Then those who were poisoned were had in, and she had no sooner given them a song but they began to find a use for their legs, and up they got. How the Queen passed her time after dinner. Afterwards she gave orders that they should show us the apartments and curiosities in her palace. I saw there a young parazon cure many of the new consumption, I mean the pox, though they were never so peppered. Pantagruel asked him whether he could also make old men young again. He said he could not. But the way to make them new men was to get 'em to cohabit with a new-cast female; for this they caught that fifth kind of crinckams, which some call pellade, in Greek, ophiasis, that makes them cast off their old hair and skin, just as the serpents do, and thus their youth is renewed like the Arabian phoenix's. Others built churches to jump over the steeples. How the Queen was served at dinner, and of her way of eating. For that reason they told us she never visited a close-stool but by proxy. After supper there was a ball in the form of a tilt or a tournament, not only worth seeing, but also never to be forgotten. They posted themselves on the tapestry in the following manner:  the kings on the last line on the fourth square; so that the golden king was on a white square, and the silvered king on a yellow square, and each queen by her king; the golden queen on a yellow square, and the silvered queen on a white one:  and on each side stood the archers to guide their kings and queens; by the archers the knights, and the wardens by them. However, they make it not their chief business to take their foes; for, if they did, they would leave their queen exposed to the adverse parties, who then might take her. The queens take a greater liberty than any of the rest; for they move backwards and forwards all manner of ways, in a straight line as far as they please, provided the place be not filled with one of her own party, and diagonally also, keeping to the colour on which she stands. The law which both sides observe is, at the end of the fight, to besiege and enclose the king of either party, so that he may not be able to move; and being reduced to that extremity, the battle is over, and he loses the day. When anyone takes a prisoner, he makes his honours, and striking him gently in the hand, puts him out of the field and combat, and encamps where he stood. The fight was obstinate and sharp. Finally, the golden queen took the silvered queen; but presently after she herself was taken by the silvered archer. One of them was within a step of the coronation place, but there the golden knight lay ready to intercept her, so that she could go no further. which denoted that the silvered king had got the day. After this the two brigades took their former stations, and began to tilt a second time, much as they had done before, only the music played somewhat faster than at the first battle, and the motions were altogether different. As the number of the combatants lessened, the pleasure of the spectators increased; for the stratagems and motions of the remaining forces were more singular. How we came to the island of Odes, where the ways go up and down. The ways there are animals; so true is Aristotle's saying, that all self-moving things are animals. Now the ways walk there. Ergo, they are then animals. Some of them are strange unknown ways, like those of the planets; others are highways, crossways, and byways. Whither does that way go? Some answered, Between Midy and Fevrolles, to the parish church, to the city, to the river, and so forth. Another boasted that he had fairly taken his shortest, and that doing so he first compassed his design. How we came to the island of Sandals; and of the order of Semiquaver Friars. For he said that on t'other side the water lived friars who styled themselves her sweet ladyship's most humble servants. So that these diminutives could be no more than Semiquavers. After that they went in procession, two banners being carried before them, in one of which was the picture of Virtue, and that of Fortune in the other. This subtlety and wisdom of theirs, cried Friar John, is borrowed from the occult philosophy. They are not such fools as you take them to be; they have more tricks than are good, I doubt. Such was their diet when they resided in the convent, and if the prior of the monk-house sent any of them abroad, then they were strictly enjoined neither to touch nor eat any manner of fish as long as they were on sea or rivers, and to abstain from all manner of flesh whenever they were at land, that everyone might be convinced that, while they enjoyed the object, they denied themselves the power, and even the desire, and were no more moved with it than the Marpesian rock. In Germany they pull down monasteries and unfrockify the monks; here they go quite kam, and act clean contrary to others, setting new ones up, against the hair. Their looks? What wear they on their feet? How do they use to be? How do they use to walk? What are the faggots and brushes of? How do they love it dressed? Is this all they have? That damned cattle are so high fed that they must needs be high-mettled, and ready to wince and give two ups for one go-down when anyone offers to ride them below the crupper. Prithee, Friar John, quoth Panurge, hold thy prating tongue; stay till I have done. With what expedition would he bring disputes to an upshot! How is the snatchblatch? How is the gateway? And that of the old? What kind of tools are yours? When they've even used, how are they? Do they get you bairns? Catso, quoth Friar John, the poor fornicating brother is bashful, and sticks at sixteen, as if that were his stint. Who of them is the best cock o' the game? Then quoth Panurge, sneering, Of all, and of all, commend me to Ball; this is the friar of the world for my money. By jingo, I believe he would make three bites of a cherry. He's nothing but skin and bones; he has pissed his tallow. I listen to you with both my ears, quoth Friar John, and that with no small pleasure, I'll assure you. What place is he to go to? That were heretics? Come, come, scatter no words, returned Panurge; everyone as they like, as the woman said when she kissed her cow. Well said, quoth Friar John. He called it the island of Frieze, for all the ways were of frieze. In that island is the land of Satin, so celebrated by our court pages. As for the beasts and birds, they are all of tapestry work. They are a kind of serpent, with seven different heads. that hang over our heads. His mouth was slit up to his ears, and in it were seven tongues, each of them cleft into seven parts. However, he chattered, tattled, and prated with all the seven at once, of different matters, and in divers languages. But the skipper satisfied us that they were the lanterns of the watch, or, more properly, lighthouses, set up in many places round the precinct of the place to discover the land, and for the safe piloting in of some outlandish lanterns, which, like good Franciscan and Jacobin friars, were coming to make their personal appearance at the provincial chapter. ), military guards of the port, with high-crowned hats, whom we acquainted with the cause of our voyage, and our design, which was to desire the queen of the country to grant us a lantern to light and conduct us during our voyage to the Oracle of the Holy Bottle. The cresset-lights took place according to the antiquity and lustre of their families. Our glorious lantern lighting and directing us to heart's content, we at last arrived at the desired island where was the Oracle of the Bottle. To come to the Temple of the Holy Bottle we were to go through a large vineyard, in which were all sorts of vines, as the Falernian, Malvoisian, the Muscadine, those of Taige, Beaune, Mirevaux, Orleans, Picardent, Arbois, Coussi, Anjou, Grave, Corsica, Vierron, Nerac, and others. This vineyard was formerly planted by the good Bacchus, with so great a blessing that it yields leaves, flowers, and fruit all the year round, like the orange trees at Suraine. Our magnificent lantern ordered every one of us to eat three grapes, to put some vine-leaves in his shoes, and take a vine-branch in his left hand. At the end of the close we went under an arch built after the manner of those of the ancients. How we went underground to come to the Temple of the Holy Bottle, and how Chinon is the oldest city in the world. Which is the oldest city in the world? But how, continued he, can you make it out that 'tis the oldest city in the world? Where did you find this written? How we went down the tetradic steps, and of Panurge's fear. How much is that? Art thou here, Friar John? Or are we going to hell for orders? where the devil are they? Come on then, cried Panurge, let's charge through and through all the devils of hell; we can but perish, and that's soon done. How the temple gates in a wonderful manner opened of themselves. She then pulled the loadstone that hung at the folding of the gates, and threw it into a silver box fixed for that purpose; which done, from the threshold of each gate she drew a twine of crimson silk about nine feet long, by which the scordium hung, and having fastened it to two gold buckles that hung at the sides, she withdrew. Fate leads the willing, and th' unwilling draws. The following sentence was neatly cut in the loadstone that was on the left:      ALL THINGS TEND TO THEIR END. Thus the plains of the island of Samos are called Panema, which signifies bloody, because Bacchus there overtook the Amazons, who fled from the country of Ephesus, and there let 'em blood, so that they all died of phlebotomy. In this Alexander the Great followed his example at his Indian triumph. How the Priestess Bacbuc showed us a fantastic fountain in the temple, and how the fountain-water had the taste of wine, according to the imagination of those who drank of it. While we were admiring this incomparable lamp and the stupendous structure of the temple, the venerable priestess Bacbuc and her attendants came to us with jolly smiling looks, and seeing us duly accoutred, without the least difficulty took us into the middle of the temple, where, just under the aforesaid lamp, was the fine fantastic fountain. The third, an anachite diamond, as bright and glittering as lightning. The small arches between the pillars were of the same precious stone of which the pillars next to them were. Above the arches and chapters of the pillars, on the inward front, a cupola was raised to cover the fountain. Bacbuc then said, Your philosophers will not allow that motion is begot by the power of figures; look here, and see the contrary. She then ordered her attendants to make us drink; and, to tell you the truth of the matter as near as possible, we are not, heaven be praised! How the Priestess Bacbuc equipped Panurge in order to have the word of the Bottle. Friend, saith she, I have but one thing to tell you, which is, that when you come to the Oracle, you take care to hearken and hear the word only with one ear. This, cried Friar John, is wine of one ear, as Frenchmen call it. When she had thus accoutred my gentleman, she took him out of our company, and led him out of the temple, through a golden gate on the right, into a round chapel made of transparent speculary stones, by whose solid clearness the sun's light shined there through the precipice of the rock without any windows or other entrance, and so easily and fully dispersed itself through the greater temple that the light seemed rather to spring out of it than to flow into it. How Bacbuc, the high-priestess, brought Panurge before the Holy Bottle. When Panurge had sung, Bacbuc threw I don't know what into the fountain, and straight its water began to boil in good earnest, just for the world as doth the great monastical pot at Bourgueil when 'tis high holiday there. Immediately after this was heard the word Trinc. You have soon had the word of the Goddess-Bottle; and the kindest, most favourable, and certain word of answer that I ever yet heard her give since I officiated here at her most sacred oracle. Light, where's the book? Turn it over, where's the chapter? How Bacbuc explained the word of the Goddess-Bottle. Bacbuc having thrown I don't know what into the fountain, straight the water ceased to boil; and then she took Panurge into the greater temple, in the central place, where there was the enlivening fountain. Is this all that the trismegistian Bottle's word means? If you observe what is written in Ionic letters on the temple gate, you may have understood that truth is in wine.
ACT I  A country house on a terrace. MARINA, a quiet, grey-haired, little old woman, is sitting at the table knitting a stocking. MARINA. It is inevitable. I slaved among those people all day, not a crumb passed my lips, but when I got home there was still no rest for me; a switchman was carried in from the railroad; I laid him on the operating table and he went and died in my arms under chloroform, and then my feelings that should have been deadened awoke again, my conscience tortured me as if I had killed the man. Man is forgetful, but God remembers. [He yawns] Ever since the Professor and his wife have come, our daily life seems to have jumped the track. The Professor gets up at twelve, the samovar is kept boiling all the morning, and everything has to wait for him. Will they be here long? A hundred years! TELEGIN. He is trying to take good care of his health. My mother, the old magpie, is still chattering about the emancipation of woman, with one eye on her grave and the other on her learned books, in which she is always looking for the dawn of a new life. And the Professor? He ought to write his autobiography; he would make a really splendid subject for a book! His mother-in-law, my mother, adores him to this day, and he still inspires a sort of worshipful awe in her. His second wife is, as you see, a brilliant beauty; she married him in his old age and has surrendered all the glory of her beauty and freedom to him. Is she faithful to him? I love her and am true to her to this day. Her youth has fled, her beauty has faded according to the laws of nature, and her lover is dead. Go and see what they want. You so seldom spend the night with us. [Drinks her tea] This tea is cold! What is it, grandmother? Is it interesting? It is appalling! You should have done something. What a fine day! A fine day to hang oneself. Is the doctor here? There is nothing for it, then, but to go. My place is surrounded by government forests. I have always heard that you were very fond of the woods. Of course one can do a great deal of good by helping to preserve them, but does not that work interfere with your real calling? He says that forests are the ornaments of the earth, that they teach mankind to understand beauty and attune his mind to lofty sentiments. Millions of trees have perished. Man is endowed with reason and the power to create, so that he may increase that which has been given him, but until now he has not created, but demolished. He goes toward the house. In a month? It is tedious, yes, and dreary! Sonia evidently likes him, and she is in love with him, and I can understand it. TELEGIN strikes the strings of his guitar and plays a polka.
[She wraps up his legs in the shawl] Let me shut the window. I dreamt just now that my left leg belonged to some one else, and it hurt so that I woke. What is that? You are young and healthy and beautiful, and longing for life, and I am an old dotard, almost a dead man already. Of course. Oh, it is dreadful to spend every moment grieving for the lost past, to see the success of others and sit here with nothing to do but to fear death. And you will not even forgive me for being old! [She sits down.] [She hands him a bottle of medicine.] He will begin to lecture me. MARINA. No one can go to bed. [A pause] Old people want to be pitied as much as young ones, but nobody cares about them somehow. Something is wrong in this house. Leave speculating alone. Help me first to make peace with myself. [She drags her hand away] Go away! What is to become of them? Where is the doctor? I met her first ten years ago, at her sister's house, when she was seventeen and I was thirty-seven. Why did I not fall in love with her then and propose to her? [He laughs] But my God! Now he has retired, and what is the total of his life? He is absolutely unknown, and his fame has burst like a soap-bubble. TELEGIN follows him, carrying a guitar. TELEGIN begins to play softly. No women about? What a beautiful woman! Is it because you are sorry for the professor? She is my friend. A woman can only become a man's friend after having first been his acquaintance and then his beloved--then she becomes his friend. Your eyes are full of tears! [He goes out.] I tell him he has gout, and he says it is rheumatism. [She looks in the sideboard] Won't you have a bite to eat? They say that he has made a great many conquests in his life, and that the women have spoiled him. What about her? She does nothing but sleep and eat and walk and bewitch us, and that is all. The peasants are all alike; they are stupid and live in dirt, and the educated people are hard to get along with. [Gives her his hand] I won't drink any more. Helena could turn my head in a day if she wanted to, but that is not love, that is not affection--  [He shudders and covers his face with his hands.] [A pause] Tell me, doctor, if I had a friend or a younger sister, and if you knew that she, well--loved you, what would you do? [She laughs with pleasure] I told him that he was well-bred and handsome and that his voice was sweet. Out of one glass. I know now that it was not real love, but it seemed real at the time. It is not becoming to you. Do you like the doctor? What if he does drink and act roughly at times? A man of genius cannot be a saint in Russia. [Walks excitedly up and down] Happiness can never exist for me in this world. And now, I shall sit and play, and weep like a fool. [Comes back] He says, no.
Before you and papa came, Uncle Vanya and I used to go to market ourselves to deal in flour. It is only in novels that women go out and teach and heal the peasants; how can I suddenly begin to do it? Dr. Astroff hardly ever used to come here; it was all we could do to persuade him to visit us once a month, and now he has abandoned his forestry and his practice, and comes every day. [He kisses her hand] Forgive me. How shall we live through the long winter here? He is writing in Uncle Vanya's room. [She turns to look at herself in the glass] No, when a woman is ugly they always say she has beautiful hair or eyes. [A pause] And if it is no, then he must keep away from here, is that so? It will be easier not to see him any more. Go and tell him at once that I want to see him. [In deep thought] He is obviously not in love with her, but why shouldn't he marry her? She is not pretty, but she is so clever and pure and good, she would make a splendid wife for a country doctor of his years. [A pause] I can understand how the poor child feels. Oh, to be free as a bird, to fly away from all your sleepy faces and your talk and forget that you have existed at all! It is true I don't know the country very well, but I have read a great deal about it. This is the country as it was twenty-five years ago. Only a third of the map is green now with forests. It is, on the whole, the picture of a regular and slow decline which it will evidently only take about ten or fifteen more years to complete. You may perhaps object that it is the march of progress, that the old order must give place to the new, and you might be right if roads had been run through these ruined woods, or if factories and schools had taken their place. The people then would have become better educated and healthier and richer, but as it is, we have nothing of the sort. [They sit down] It is about a certain young girl I know. One more word, and that will be the last. [She tries to leave the room.] He kisses her. VOITSKI comes in carrying a bunch of roses, and stops in the doorway. Please, all of you, sit down. [Goes up to HELENA and asks anxiously] What did he say? I'll tell you later. [looking quickly and inquiringly into her face] I understand; he said he would not come here any more. You--but what are you angry about? [A pause] I cannot continue to live in the country; we were not made for country life, and yet we cannot afford to live in town on the income derived from this estate. We might sell the woods, but that would be an expedient we could not resort to every year. And what do you propose to do with my old mother and me and with Sonia here? Trust to him; he knows better than we do what is right and what is wrong. TELEGIN. I am going away out of this hell this minute. I know what to do. He goes out through the door in the centre of the room and MME. [On her knees beside the nurse and turning to her father. A shot is heard. He has gone mad! He flings the revolver on the floor, and drops helpless into a chair.
ACT IV  VOITSKI'S bedroom, which is also his office. There is a large sofa covered with buckram. It is an autumn evening. TELEGIN and MARINA are sitting facing one another, winding wool. TELEGIN. They are going to Kharkoff to live. They do well to go. Where is his pistol? To shoot twice and miss him both times! That means they think me mad. Those who marry old men and then deceive them under the noses of all, are sane! [He puts his thumb to his nose.] You are not mad; you are simply a ridiculous fool. What can I do? If I could only wake some still, bright morning and feel that life had begun again; that the past was forgotten and had vanished like smoke. Ten years or so of this life of ours, this miserable life, have sucked us under, and we have become as contemptible and petty as the rest. You took a little bottle of morphine out of my medicine-case. If you are positively determined to make an end to yourself, go into the woods and shoot yourself there. Give up the morphine, or there will be a lot of talk and guesswork; people will think I gave it to you. Give it up! I am going away. Good-bye. Yes. To-morrow--in the forest--  HELENA. Confess that there is nothing for you to do in this world. You are interesting and original. Let us not bear each other any ill will. That is the way in this world. If the carriage is there, then start at once. [To VOITSKI] Shame on him who bears malice for the past. I shall never see you again! All right, old man. To work! To work! They have gone. To work! [She lights a lamp on the table] No ink! [She takes the inkstand to the cupboard and fills it from an ink-bottle] How sad it is to see them go! You take one and I will take the other. [He puts the map into the portfolio.] We shall live through the long procession of days before us, and through the long evenings; we shall patiently bear the trials that fate imposes on us; we shall work for others without rest, both now and when we are old; and when our last hour comes we shall meet it humbly, and there, beyond the grave, we shall say that we have suffered and wept, that our life was bitter, and God will have pity on us. [SONIA kneels down before her uncle and lays her head on his hands. [Weeping] You have never known what happiness was, but wait, Uncle Vanya, wait!
In front of it a garden. [A pause] Tell me, nurse, how long have we known each other? MARINA. And why? MARINA. Thank you for that. Enter VOITSKI from the house. [He yawns] Ever since the Professor and his wife have come, our daily life seems to have jumped the track. MARINA. Heavens, what is that? The Professor wants some tea! A hundred years! The Professor has decided to make his home here. SEREBRAKOFF, HELENA, SONIA, and TELEGIN come in from the depths of the garden, returning from their walk. How lovely! TELEGIN. And the Professor? He is the son of a common deacon and has attained the professor's chair, become the son-in-law of a senator, is called "your Excellency," and so on. What for? Is she faithful to him? Listen, Vanya; every one who betrays husband or wife is faithless, and could also betray his country. I love her and am true to her to this day. And she? Her youth has fled, her beauty has faded according to the laws of nature, and her lover is dead. HELENA and SONIA come in; after them comes MME. I have come to see your husband. You wrote me that he had rheumatism and I know not what else, and that he was very ill, but he appears to be as lively as a cricket. What is it, grandmother? He has sent me a new pamphlet. I am forty-seven years old. The factory. He says that forests are the ornaments of the earth, that they teach mankind to understand beauty and attune his mind to lofty sentiments. You can burn peat in your stoves and build your sheds of stone. Millions of trees have perished. And why? He goes toward the house. ASTROFF and SONIA go into the house. TELEGIN strikes the strings of his guitar and plays a polka.
[Rousing himself] Who is here? The WATCHMAN in the garden sounds his rattle. And you will not even forgive me for being old! SONIA comes in. Father, you sent for Dr. Astroff, and now when he comes you refuse to see him. Can't I ask you to do a thing? No one can go to bed. MARINA. [She and SONIA lead SEREBRAKOFF out] Sonia's mother used to wear herself out with sorrow and weeping. Your mother hates everything but her pamphlets and the professor; the professor is vexed, he won't trust me, and fears you; Sonia is angry with her father, and with me, and hasn't spoken to me for two weeks; I am at the end of my strength, and have come near bursting into tears at least twenty times to-day. [She tries to go out] Good-night! You never used to drink, and you never used to talk so much. Why did I not fall in love with her then and propose to her? ASTROFF comes in. TELEGIN. Play! Or in love with the professor's wife? She is my friend. [To TELEGIN] Play, Waffles! [He sees SONIA, who comes in at that moment.] Uncle Vanya, you and the doctor have been drinking! I tell him to lie down, and he sits up. [She looks in the sideboard] Won't you have a bite to eat? They say that he has made a great many conquests in his life, and that the women have spoiled him. What about her? Promise me. Helena could turn my head in a day if she wanted to, but that is not love, that is not affection--  [He shudders and covers his face with his hands.] So ugly! HELENA comes in and throws open the window. No, he is sitting up in the drawing-room. There is some wine. [They drink and kiss each other] I have long wanted to make friends, but somehow, I was ashamed to. [She weeps.] What if he does drink and act roughly at times? [Walks excitedly up and down] Happiness can never exist for me in this world. [Laughing and covering her face with her hands] I am so happy, so happy! I want to hear music. Do play! Very well. [She goes out. And now, I shall sit and play, and weep like a fool. [Comes back] He says, no.
VOITSKI and SONIA are sitting down. It seems he has some communication to make to the world. [Despairingly] I am dying of this tedium. For instance? [She tries to go out.] [She and HELENA stand looking out of the window.] I am glad Uncle Vanya has gone out, I want to talk to you about something. About what? I often go up to him and speak to him and look into his eyes. Every one knows that I love him. Does he? We won't put off the examination an instant. I am sure that no matter what it is, it will be easier for you to bear than this uncertainty. [She starts out, but stops near the door and looks back] No, it is better not to know--and yet--there may be hope. [In deep thought] He is obviously not in love with her, but why shouldn't he marry her? [A pause] I can understand how the poor child feels. He comes here every day now. Have you time now? And educated? One more word, and that will be the last. [Taking his hand] You do not love her. She is suffering. [He searches her face with his eyes, and shakes his finger at her] Oho, you are wily! [She tries to leave the room.] [He puts his arm around her] Don't you see that we must meet, that it is inevitable? He kisses her. [He laughs.] [A pause] I cannot continue to live in the country; we were not made for country life, and yet we cannot afford to live in town on the income derived from this estate. I propose to sell it. So you are going to sell the place? And what do you propose to do with my old mother and me and with Sonia here? I have always been stupid enough to think that the estate belonged to Sonia. [Agitated] Vanya, old man, don't talk in that way. [He embraces him] Do stop! You write on art without knowing anything about it. He goes out through the door in the centre of the room and MME. I cannot stay in the same house with him. [On her knees beside the nurse and turning to her father. Uncle Vanya and I are so unhappy! [Very excited, to her husband] For heaven's sake, Alexander, go and have a talk with him--explain! A shot is heard. What's that? hold him! He has gone mad! HELENA and VOITSKI are seen struggling in the doorway. [He shoots at him.
TELEGIN and MARINA are sitting facing one another, winding wool. "If we are going at all, let's be off," says she, "we shall go to Kharkoff and look about us, and then we can send for our things." They are travelling light. TELEGIN. [Whispers] I hid it in the cellar. [To MARINA and TELEGIN] Go away! Yes, yes, Vanya. Tell me what to do. SONIA comes in. [To SONIA] Sonia, your uncle has stolen a bottle of morphine out of my medicine-case and won't give it up. Tell him that his behaviour is--well, unwise. Uncle Vanya, did you take the morphine? [Tenderly] Give it up, Uncle Vanya! Go to Alexander, he wants to speak to you. [She takes VOITSKI 'S arm] Come, you and papa must make peace; that is absolutely necessary. and scorn the consequences! VOITSKAYA with her book, TELEGIN, and SONIA come in. VOITSKAYA and SONIA.] To work! To work! God be with them. [To her uncle] And now, Uncle Vanya, let us do something! To work! To work! Come, begin. In account with [They sit silently writing.] There now remains but to say good-bye to you, my friends, and to my table here, and then--away! [He goes up to MARINA and kisses her head] Good-bye, old nurse! [She embraces him] We shall rest.
ACT I  A country house on a terrace. In front of it a garden. In an avenue of trees, under an old poplar, stands a table set for tea, with a samovar, etc. It is three o'clock in the afternoon of a cloudy day. MARINA. Lord--help me to remember. Have I changed much since then? MARINA. You were handsome and young then, and now you are an old man and not handsome any more. MARINA. During the third week of Lent I went to the epidemic at Malitskoi. Thank you for that. [He yawns] Ever since the Professor and his wife have come, our daily life seems to have jumped the track. MARINA. The Professor gets up at twelve, the samovar is kept boiling all the morning, and everything has to wait for him. The Professor wants some tea! The Professor has decided to make his home here. SEREBRAKOFF, HELENA, SONIA, and TELEGIN come in from the depths of the garden, returning from their walk. He is trying to take good care of his health. How lovely! My mother, the old magpie, is still chattering about the emancipation of woman, with one eye on her grave and the other on her learned books, in which she is always looking for the dawn of a new life. And the Professor? Imagine it, the life of a retired professor, as stale as a piece of hardtack, tortured by gout, headaches, and rheumatism, his liver bursting with jealousy and envy, living on the estate of his first wife, although he hates it, because he can't afford to live in town. Look at the success he has had with women! His second wife is, as you see, a brilliant beauty; she married him in his old age and has surrendered all the glory of her beauty and freedom to him. TELEGIN. Listen, Vanya; every one who betrays husband or wife is faithless, and could also betray his country. My wife ran away with a lover on the day after our wedding, because my exterior was unprepossessing. Her youth has fled, her beauty has faded according to the laws of nature, and her lover is dead. No matter, though, it is not the first time. Yes, the samovar has grown cold. TELEGIN. He has sent me a new pamphlet. [Imploringly] Mother! The factory. [Looking around him for his cap] Damn it, this is annoying! It will be too late. Dr. Astroff watches over the old woods and sets out new plantations every year, and he has already received a diploma and a bronze medal. He says that forests are the ornaments of the earth, that they teach mankind to understand beauty and attune his mind to lofty sentiments. He goes toward the house.
ACT II  The dining-room of SEREBRAKOFF'S house. It is night. The tapping of the WATCHMAN'S rattle is heard in the garden. [A pause.] Then be quiet, please. The WATCHMAN in the garden sounds his rattle. Father, you sent for Dr. Astroff, and now when he comes you refuse to see him. It's all the same to me. Sonia, hand me that bottle on the table. [She hands him a bottle of medicine.] Go to bed, Helena and Sonia. I have come to take your place. He will begin to lecture me. Then let them go to bed, but you go away too! He will begin to lecture me. MARINA. MARINA. [Arranges his shawl about his legs] You have had this illness such a long time. [A pause] Old people want to be pitied as much as young ones, but nobody cares about them somehow. Your mother hates everything but her pamphlets and the professor; the professor is vexed, he won't trust me, and fears you; Sonia is angry with her father, and with me, and hasn't spoken to me for two weeks; I am at the end of my strength, and have come near bursting into tears at least twenty times to-day. Help me first to make peace with myself. [She drags her hand away] Go away! This wonderful feeling of mine will be wasted and lost as a ray of sunlight is lost that falls into a dark chasm, and my life will go with it. [Barring the way] If you only knew how I am tortured by the thought that beside me in this house is another life that is being lost forever--it is yours! Perhaps. In there, spending the night with me. You never used to drink, and you never used to talk so much. I met her first ten years ago, at her sister's house, when she was seventeen and I was thirty-seven. Now he has retired, and what is the total of his life? He is absolutely unknown, and his fame has burst like a soap-bubble. TELEGIN. TELEGIN begins to play softly. [Sings with his arms akimbo.] Or in love with the professor's wife? The good fellows have been getting together! Age has nothing to do with it. [Behind the door] In a moment. I tell him he has gout, and he says it is rheumatism. I tell him to lie down, and he sits up. He has been spoilt. I love to eat at night. They say that he has made a great many conquests in his life, and that the women have spoiled him. [He pours himself a glass of vodka] We are alone here, and I can speak frankly. You love no one? Helena could turn my head in a day if she wanted to, but that is not love, that is not affection--  [He shudders and covers his face with his hands.] Nothing. [She laughs with pleasure] I told him that he was well-bred and handsome and that his voice was sweet. The storm is over. He has gone. No, he is sitting up in the drawing-room. Heaven knows what reason you and I had for not speaking to each other for weeks. Talk to me of him. He plants a tree and his mind travels a thousand years into the future, and he sees visions of the happiness of the human race.
ACT III  The drawing-room of SEREBRAKOFF'S house. HELENA is walking up and down, absorbed in thought. We were asked by the professor to be here at one o'clock. All right. Wandering up and down from sheer idleness. [Despairingly] I am dying of this tedium. [Shrugging her shoulders] There is plenty to do if you would. For instance? It is only in novels that women go out and teach and heal the peasants; how can I suddenly begin to do it? [Embraces her] Don't be sad, dearest. You must be a witch. The blood of a Nixey runs in your veins. Give your nature the reins for once in your life; fall head over ears in love with some other water sprite and plunge down head first into a deep pool, so that the Herr Professor and all of us may have our hands free again. [A pause] Where is the doctor? About what? About what? [She lays her head on HELENA'S breast.] I have loved him now for six years, I have loved him more than one loves one's mother. My pride is gone. [Thoughtfully] He is a strange man. We only want to find out whether it is yes or no, don't we? He said he had a sketch to show me. She is not pretty, but she is so clever and pure and good, she would make a splendid wife for a country doctor of his years. I am a little in love with him myself! Perhaps it is right that I should. I can guess why, and feel guilty already; I should like to fall on my knees at Sonia's feet and beg her forgiveness, and weep. And educated? [Pointing to the picture] Look there! Only a third of the map is green now with forests. The elk, the swans, the black-cock have disappeared. We are confronted by the degradation of our country, brought on by the fierce struggle for existence of the human race. An examination? One more word, and that will be the last. She is suffering. [He is embarrassed.] [Crossing his arms and bowing his head] I surrender. [She tries to break away from him.] She is standing with her head bowed sadly forward on her breast] Sonia! [A pause] She does not hear me. [He laughs.] Oh, drop that and come to business; what do you want? I cannot, I find, dispense with the help of well-informed people such as you, Ivan, and you, Telegin, and you, mother. That was it! The idea is a rich one. [A pause.] [To SEREBRAKOFF] There now, ask him what he thinks; this estate was bought from his uncle. [He embraces him] Do stop! SONIA falls on her knees beside the nurse and nestles against her. He goes out through the door in the centre of the room and MME. I cannot stay in the same house with him. [To her husband] We are leaving to-day; we must get ready at once for our departure. [On her knees beside the nurse and turning to her father. A shot is heard. What's that? He has gone mad!
ACT IV  VOITSKI'S bedroom, which is also his office. A table stands near the window; on it are ledgers, letter scales, and papers of every description. There is also a map of Africa on the wall, obviously of no use to anybody. It is an autumn evening. TELEGIN and MARINA are sitting facing one another, winding wool. It was indeed. The scene was worthy of the brush of Aibazofski. [A pause] Not for ages. In the garden with the doctor, looking for Ivan. [To MARINA and TELEGIN] Go away! Go away and leave me to myself, if but for an hour. I would, with the greatest pleasure. I took nothing from you. Do as you please. To shoot twice and miss him both times! That means they think me mad. [He puts his thumb to his nose.] [His eyes on the door] No, it is the earth that is mad, because she still bears us on her breast. That is nonsense. You are not mad; you are simply a ridiculous fool. [Covers his face with his hands] Oh! [He leans against the table] What can I do? What can I do? Nothing. What shall I do? [He weeps] Oh, to begin life anew! What sort of a new life can you and I look forward to? [Sighing] Yes, brother, there were only two respectable, intelligent men in this county, you and I. [To SONIA] Sonia, your uncle has stolen a bottle of morphine out of my medicine-case and won't give it up. Yes, he took it. [Putting the bottle in his case, which he straps together] Now I can be off. That is the way in this world. and scorn the consequences! If the carriage is there, then start at once. The professor, I suppose, is glad to go. [She sits down in an arm-chair and knits her stocking.] You take one and I will take the other. [Yawning] The sand-man has come. MARINA. Help yourself. SONIA follows him with a candle to light him to the carriage. He has gone.
the villain! Is our young bard so young, to think that he      Can stop the full spring-tide of calumny? ACT I SCENE I. LADY SNEERWELL. That is in as fine a Train as your Ladyship could wish. LADY SNEERWELL. LADY SNEERWELL. I conceive you mean with respect to my neighbour, Sir Peter Teazle, and his Family--Lappet.--And has my conduct in this matter really appeared to you so mysterious? Entirely so. Surface--and more so why you should be so uncommonly earnest to destroy the mutual Attachment subsisting between his Brother Charles and Maria. LADY SNEERWELL. LADY SNEERWELL. Now indeed--your conduct appears consistent and I no longer wonder at your enmity to Maria, but how came you and Surface so confidential? SERVANT. LADY SNEERWELL. He generally calls about this Time. LADY SNEERWELL. LADY SNEERWELL. Poor Charles! But--Madam--let me caution you to place no more confidence in our Friend Snake the Libeller--I have lately detected him in frequent conference with old Rowland [Rowley] who was formerly my Father's Steward and has never been a friend of mine. MARIA. O here is that disagreeable lover of mine, Sir Benjamin Backbite, has just call'd at my guardian's with his odious Uncle Crabtree--so I slipt out and ran hither to avoid them. Is that all? MARIA. Surface? Beg her to walk in. MARIA. is the whole affair off between you and Charles? So they are Child--shameful! MARIA. MRS. CANDOUR. Mr. Crabtree and Sir Benjamin Backbite. Enter CRABTREE and SIR BENJAMIN BACKBITE  CRABTREE. O fie, Uncle! CRABTREE. [Pointing to MARIA.] He has been in the East Indies a long time--you can scarcely remember him--I believe--sad comfort on his arrival to hear how your Brother has gone on! CRABTREE. MARIA. Do Mrs. Candour follow her--she may want assistance. 'Twas nothing but that she could not bear to hear Charles reflected on notwithstanding their difference. CRABTREE. SIR BENJAMIN. We'll tell you all another opportunity. SCENE II. SIR PETER. A good--question to a married man--  ROWLEY. For Charles, my life on't! SIR PETER. Sir Oliver is arrived and at this moment in Town. SIR PETER. ROWLEY. SIR PETER. Yes and will soon wish you joy.
ACT II  SCENE I. --SIR PETER and LADY TEAZLE  SIR PETER. tho' I was educated in the country I know very well that women of Fashion in London are accountable to nobody after they are married. No no Madam, you shall throw away no more sums on such unmeaning Luxury--'Slife to spend as much to furnish your Dressing Room with Flowers in winter as would suffice to turn the Pantheon into a Greenhouse, and give a Fete Champetre at Christmas. LADY TEAZLE. You should find fault with the Climate, and not with me. LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. SIR PETER. SIR PETER. --At LADY SNEERWELL'S       LADY SNEERWELL, MRS. CANDOUR, CRABTREE, SIR BENJAMIN BACKBITE,      and SURFACE  LADY SNEERWELL. There Ladies--done in the smack of a whip and on Horseback too. Enter LADY TEAZLE and MARIA  MRS. CANDOUR. MARIA. LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. LADY SNEERWELL. Who? Nay now--you are severe upon the widow--come--come, it isn't that she paints so ill--but when she has finished her Face she joins it on so badly to her Neck, that she looks like a mended Statue, in which the Connoisseur sees at once that the Head's modern tho' the Trunk's antique----  CRABTREE. O they will allow good Qualities to nobody--not even good nature to our Friend Mrs. Pursy. Tho', surely she is handsome still--and for the weakness in her eyes considering how much she reads by candle-light it is not to be wonder'd at. LADY TEAZLE. But Sir Peter is such an Enemy to Scandal I believe He would have it put down by Parliament. SIR PETER. SIR BENJAMIN. Well certainly Lady Teazle that lord of yours is a strange being--I could tell you some stories of him would make you laugh heartily if He wern't your Husband. LADY TEAZLE. [join the rest of the Company going into the Next Room.] MARIA. Maria! MARIA. Yet were Sir Peter to suspect----       [Enter LADY TEAZLE, and comes forward]  LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. True, but we had best not return together. LADY TEAZLE. SCENE III. --At SIR PETER'S       --ROWLEY and SIR OLIVER--  SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. 'Tis this Reflection gives me assurance that Charles may yet be a credit to his Family--but here comes Sir Peter----  SIR OLIVER. then He has bow'd as low to Knaves and Fools as to the honest dignity of Virtue. SIR PETER. And Sir Peter shall own he has been for once mistaken. SIR PETER.
ACT III SCENE I. --At SIR PETER'S       SIR PETER, SIR OLIVER, and ROWLEY  SIR PETER. ROWLEY. Why Sir--this Mr. Stanley whom I was speaking of, is nearly related to them by their mother. You shall hear--He has applied by letter both to Mr. Well, but how is Sir Oliver personally to----  ROWLEY. ROWLEY. Below waiting his commands, and no one can give him better intelligence--This, Sir Oliver, is a friendly Jew, who to do him justice, has done everything in his power to bring your nephew to a proper sense of his extravagance. ROWLEY. Desire Mr. Moses to walk upstairs. Oh, I have convinced him that he has no chance of recovering certain Sums advanced to Charles but through the bounty of Sir Oliver, who He knows is arrived; so that you may depend on his Fidelity to his interest. MOSES. SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. Yes he knows that--This very evening I was to have brought him a gentleman from the city who does not know him and will I believe advance some money. SIR PETER. What[!] one Charles has never had money from before? SIR PETER. Premium? Egad I like this Idea better than the other, and I may visit Joseph afterwards as old Stanley. MOSES. MOSES. Hey!--what the Plague!--how much then? MOSES. SIR OLIVER. To have the Bond in another Name to be sure. And lament that a young man now must be at years of discretion before He is suffered to ruin himself! SIR PETER. Well, go bring me this Snake, and I'll hear what he has to say presently. I see Maria, and want to speak with her.--       [Exit ROWLEY.] MARIA. MARIA. SIR PETER. MARIA. Never to his Brother! Go--perverse and obstinate! SIR PETER. LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. And never differ again. Now--see, my Love take care--contradicting isn't the way to keep Friends. Then don't you begin it my Love! LADY TEAZLE. a separate maintenance--as soon as you Please.
SCENE II. --At CHARLES's House       Enter TRIP, MOSES, and SIR OLIVER  TRIP. SIR OLIVER. Mr. MOSES. TRIP.
SCENE III. CHARLES. Aye that may be--but it is as impossible to follow wine and play as to unite Love and Politics. CHARLES. Maria who? CHARLES. Aye and the Broker too by all means----  SECOND GENTLEMAN. Premium to come up with----  FIRST GENTLEMAN. CARELESS. Enter TRIP, SIR OLIVER, and MOSES  CHARLES. Sir, this is Mr. MOSES. Not a mole-hill, nor a twig, but what's in the bough pots out of the window! SIR OLIVER. CHARLES. CHARLES. SIR OLIVER. CHARLES. Premium, if it's agreeable to you, a post-obit on Sir Oliver's life: though at the same time the old fellow has been so liberal to me, that I give you my word, I should be very sorry to hear that anything had happened to him. SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. CHARLES. all the family race-cups and corporation-bowls!--[Aloud.] Then it was also supposed that his library was one of the most valuable and compact. CHARLES. Every man of them, to the best bidder. SIR OLIVER. do you take me for Shylock in the play, that you would raise money of me on your own flesh and blood? SIR OLIVER. Oh, I'll never forgive him this! going!
CHARLES. SIR OLIVER. What say you, Mr. Premium? [Aside to Moses.] Mr. There she is, you see, a shepherdess feeding her flock. You shall have her for five pounds ten--the sheep are worth the money. CHARLES. That is very extraordinary, indeed! CHARLES. What, that? SIR OLIVER. But I suppose uncle Oliver goes with the rest of the lumber? No, hang it! CHARLES. You're fixed on that? SIR OLIVER. Come, Moses.--[Aside.] CHARLES. ROWLEY. I never will cease dunning you with the old proverb----  CHARLES. and now for hazard. --The Parlour       Enter SIR OLIVER and MOSES  MOSES. He is so damned charitable. There's a Fellow for you--Would you believe it that Puppy intercepted the Jew, on our coming, and wanted to raise money before he got to his master! SERVANT. LADY TEAZLE. LADY TEAZLE. But my dear Lady Teazle 'tis your own fault if you suffer it--when a Husband entertains a groundless suspicion of his Wife and withdraws his confidence from her--the original compact is broke and she owes it to the Honour of her sex to endeavour to outwit him--  LADY TEAZLE. Sir Peter! Aye or to hide anything in a Hurry either--  SIR PETER. SIR PETER. No!--then efaith let her hear it out.--Here's a Closet will do as well.--  SURFACE. and a curious situation I'm in!--to part man and wife in this manner.--  LADY TEAZLE. And found you together----  SURFACE. How Sir Peter--Where is He--  SURFACE. CHARLES. [In the Closet!] No--no----  CHARLES. Wasn't it Joseph? SIR PETER. CHARLES. Aye--aye--that was a Joke. SIR PETER. Would they were both out of the Room! SIR PETER. there is nothing in the world so noble as a man of Sentiment! Oh, hang him? CHARLES. Egad, I'll tell him--Harkee, have you a mind to have a good laugh against Joseph? Then, E'faith, we will--I'll be quit with him for discovering me.--He had a girl with him when I called. Joseph[!] Hush!--a little French Milliner--and the best of the jest is--she's in the room now. Behind the screen! SIR PETER. Here He's coming--       [SURFACE enters just as CHARLES throws down the Screen.] SIR PETER. For not one word of it Sir Peter--  SIR PETER. How[!] LADY TEAZLE. SIR PETER. SIR PETER.
Mr. Stanley! Sir--I shouldn't have let him in but that Mr. Rowley came to the Door with him. SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. Without losing a moment. SIR OLIVER. SIR OLIVER. Charles!--you are my Heir. Always Happy to see Mr. Rowley--how--Oliver--Surface!--My Unkle arrived! ROWLEY. stop Mr. Stanley, if He's not gone----  ROWLEY. He will be with you in a quarter of an hour----  SURFACE. So he says. O--I'm rejoiced to hear it--just at this time----  ROWLEY. SCENE II. --At SIR PETER'S House       Enter MRS. CANDOUR and SERVANT  SERVANT. LADY SNEERWELL. MRS. CANDOUR. Sir Peter's wound! Aye--do oblige--us with the Duel----  SIR BENJAMIN. Aye to Charles----  SIR BENJAMIN. But Sir Peter tax'd him with the basest ingratitude----  SIR BENJAMIN. LADY SNEERWELL. But pray where is Sir Peter at present----  CRABTREE. they--brought him home and He is now in the House, tho' the Servants are order'd to deny it----  MRS. CANDOUR. A bullet lodged in the Thorax--for a hundred! SIR OLIVER. Doctor!--a wound with a small sword! Perhaps, Sir, you are not a Doctor. Not of his being dangerously wounded? SIR OLIVER. The Devil he is! By one Mr. SIR OLIVER. A Small Sword and a Bullet--  SIR OLIVER. SIR PETER. what is all this? We rejoice, Sir Peter, that the Story of the Duel is not true--and are sincerely sorry for your other Misfortune. Sir, what Business is that of yours? SIR PETER. Leave my house! Yes I find Joseph is Indeed the Man after all. And acts up to the Sentiments he professes. SIR OLIVER. SIR PETER. ROWLEY. And does Sir Oliver know all too? What of the closet and the screen--hey[?] To be sure Joseph with his Sentiments! SIR PETER. Perhaps MY being here prevents her coming to you--well I'll leave honest Rowley to mediate between you; but he must bring you all presently to Mr. ROWLEY. No but she has left the Door of that Room open you perceive.--see she is in Tears--! SIR PETER. Rowley I'll go to her--  ROWLEY. --The Library       SURFACE and LADY SNEERWELL  LADY SNEERWELL. and of consequence no longer oppose his union with MARIA? LADY SNEERWELL. And that he has undertaken should it be necessary--to swear and prove that Charles is at this Time contracted by vows and Honour to your Ladyship--which some of his former letters to you will serve to support--  LADY SNEERWELL. Come--come it is not too late yet--but hark! SIR OLIVER. Sir! SIR OLIVER. [Going to push him out.] So! To be sure He has! Yet Mr. Stanley insists----  CHARLES. B's at the Coffee-House. 'Sdeath--here's Sir Oliver at the Door----Now I beg--Mr. Stanley----  CHARLES. Premium----  SIR OLIVER. CHARLES. Out with him to be sure. Enter SIR PETER TEAZLE, LADY TEAZLE, MARIA, and ROWLEY  SIR PETER. LADY TEAZLE. Joseph! SIR OLIVER. And if the Gentleman pleads not guilty to these pray let him call ME to his Character. SIR PETER. Then I believe we need add no more--if He knows himself He will consider it as the most perfect Punishment that He is known to the world--  CHARLES. CHARLES. Then Sir--my Gratitude to the original is still encreased. LADY TEAZLE. CHARLES. MARIA. [CHARLES.] Walk in, Mr. Snake--       Enter SNAKE  I thought his Testimony might be wanted--however it happens unluckily that He comes to confront Lady Sneerwell and not to support her--  LADY SNEERWELL. SNAKE. The Torments of Shame and Disappointment on you all! Moral to the last drop! LADY TEAZLE. [To the audience.] <5> From this place to Scene ii.
